James Cracchiolo: So this is Jim. As you -- as we said, our first focus was really to execute the remaining part of our fixed annuity book, which we think we were successful in doing that, that was just completed in July -- at the beginning of July. And so we are continuing to look at other opportunities that may make sense for us both strategically as well as tactically, for certain parts of our business.  And we're doing that more holistically to evaluate what that does from a client perspective, what it does from a company-wide perspective regarding our capital situation, our risk profile and also what the appetite is in the marketplace. So to your point, we're constantly looking at that as we now completed the fixed annuity transaction. And we'll see what opportunities may arise in the future.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. So I think to the first comment that you made, 80% of our total business right now is really in the asset-light asset management, wealth management segments with the wealth management really even driving the components of whatever is remaining in our retirement business, which is actually a high-returning subset of the company. But if you take that to your point, we have been moving more in that direction of disclosing more of that type of segmented results for our wealth and asset management. I know Alicia and team working with our finance people are looking at all those things.  And just like we introduced some of those additional metrics, as you would imagine, we have to go back and make sure that well, the data and everything is consistent quarter-to-quarter, how we look at it to track it, et cetera. So we're doing that now, and we'll come out with some other things as we move forward, but we want to make sure that we're just doing that in a way that is consistent with both the industry, but also that we're able to report it appropriately.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. So Alex, as you would imagine, a little different than a U.S. acquisition being in the international marketplace in Europe. We do not have as much access to underlying information as you would have normally thought in sort of where you're already in a deal in contract because of privacy and all the limitations there.  So it sort of gives us a little bit of a delay in what we're able to really look at in a much more detailed equation to look at the expenses, the details of that, the various aspects underline the absolutes to really then come up with what we would consider a combination of run rates and synergies and other things.  So we're just going to have to wait a bit. And it's not all usual, but it's one that we're -- we know that that's what is required at this point in time. So we will definitely provide that to you as we continue to gain information for that. So we're not holding it. It's just more that we don't really have it at the level that we would feel comfortable disclosing something that could change.
James Cracchiolo: That's not to say we don't feel good about it. It's just more that -- it's not something that we can be accurately reporting on.
James Cracchiolo: And Alex, since we just more fully launched this across the system in the fourth quarter of last year, we rolled it out. It's starting to really percolate. So what I would probably say is that we're in very early innings, but I think based on the appetite as well as where that fits in, I think it will be a nice growth area for us. But I would probably say it's still in the early stages, but one that's growing nicely and hopefully, will be to some larger balances over time.
James Cracchiolo: So I think the -- what we saw is a consistent pickup after last year's sort of low period, particularly on longer-term contracts. So as you saw I mean our sales of Retirement & Protection Solutions activity really picked up strongly, whether it's maybe our VUL product or it's a structured or even our RAVA product, which has no living benefits.  And so I think now as you look at the market environment and you look at the ability for our advisers to feel more comfortable actually executing those type of transactions in the environment and with the clients, even a combination of remote and in-person that has picked up nicely.  Now for other transaction activity, we see good activity there as well. And we had to pick up generally both in there and wrap all through these periods. So the wrap business is really coming from both new client inflows as well as new clients that we're adding. And we had good client acquisition also during the period, and the flows also were strong.  So I think it's a combination of those factors. I don't think there's one in particular. I think the environment, particularly with low interest rates now that people are looking for how do they get on -- a more return more holistically. In our wrap program, we do, do balanced portfolios and diversify it pretty well so that there is a level of what we would call not just overreliance on the equity markets, but not at the same time, just looking for yield from fixed income.  And so I think it's a combination of those factors. I don't know if that answers your question, but as you saw, it continued from the latter part of last year all through the first half of this year.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. I would say, it's not just the transition. I mean, as we said, if you look at -- even though we have strong sales of our annuities, it's still down a few hundred million in net flows because we're really putting out there the variable with the guarantees, et cetera. But we had a nice pickup on those that didn't have it.  But having said that, I feel that there is a continuation in the wrap. And that continuation will come not just from a mix shift per se. I don't think that's where the large part is. We're maintaining very large cash balances still, and we -- our flows in are also very good.
James Cracchiolo: No. In fact, I think we sort of hit -- we feel like we hit a low point. I mean, if you're looking at what is discussed of whether inflation is there or not there, what the Fed may do or not do, it looks like there's more of the potential for it to go back with rates going up, I'll let Walter speak to a little bit of the actual rates or what we're doing with the bank to complement that.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. So I think it's a combination. So again, we know the market conditions are favorable, and we know the equity markets are strong. And that always lends itself to a consumer appetite to some speak about being comfortable investing. I think part of it is not just the market but sort of the economy reopening and the feeling that there's not going to be a big shoot a drop, so to speak, in the near term.  I would also say that part of it is definitely the capabilities we put in place and the engagement we have with our advisers. We've done a lot over the last few years. Just the idea is like we're one of the few firms that were able to like fully operate virtually with all of our capabilities with not losing a beat with our advisers or engagement with the clients. Our digital activities with the clients and the advisers is very strong. We keep on adding capabilities there.  We are integrating everything in an ecosystem that works together, not just putting tools on a platform and saying, "Hey, we got this service and look how great it is." And usually, when we talk to you about it, it's not something like we just like thought of or just introduced or just added. It's something that we really have tested out. We've proven. We've actually rolled it out, and it really works well.  And so I would just say that has added a lot to our advisers having this type of engagement with their clients and also with the way they're able to transact with the firm and the information that we're providing. So I think it's a combination of that -- all of that. I mean I can't sit here and tell you how much we got from each. What I could tell you is the feedback from our advisers is very positive about what we have enabled for them and how that's operating as they're working through things, including some of the capabilities we've added on the whole advice modules and what that does in client flows.  So that's why we feel good about our system. And we feel like when we do discuss these things with you, it's not vaporware. It's not something that we just like introduced, and we're making a big marketing play on it. It's something that we feel really comfortable that has been executed.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. I can't sit here and tell you there's anything that we see has changed that from what we're seeing. I mean, as I mentioned to you, at year-end and then the first quarter. I mean I don't have a perfect crystal ball and if the market fell out or the economic situation changed or COVID jumped back up in some fashion that closed parts of the economy, we may see some effect. But I think as we're just chugging along right now, we don't see anything materially changing that outlook. And so again, as I said in the first quarter, no crystal ball, but we feel good about the continuation of what we have.
James Cracchiolo: No. I would say this, we actually feel like if Europe improves a bit, and our flows turn around there, margins will be a bit higher. I mean we offset foreign exchange and et cetera, we think that would be a possibility. But even if you sort, even where there's a level of margin compression or institutional flows or a little low fee base, we've been able to maintain a 52 basis points over the course of the year, that spread because we are winning some mandates and getting good flows in certain of our products that have the fees.  I think Europe, U.K. would actually be favorable if that started to turn around to add to that. BMO is not a negative at all. I mean that's what you're doing is you're weighing in like $100-and-something billion of assets that have an institutional base mainly. And with that, they have a lower fee.  But we think the revenue contribution will be positive and the float situation, we can make positive as well. And so really, that's all you're doing is you're doing the math. But if you said you're at the 40s now and that will stay, and then you just add the institutional, adding that component, it will come to whatever the number comes to, and we'll provide that to you as soon as we get a more fine-tuned breakout of it.  But I would say there's nothing that I would sit here to tell you would change in that regard at this point.
James Cracchiolo: Well, I think, Andrew, it's an excellent question. And I think you're right. I mean listen here sometimes when we compare it to a little of the level of activity that we saw just prior quarters or year.  I think if you do go back to '19, our level of activity or productivity, our margins on that productivity and the amount of flow activity has definitely increased. We do feel we're more productive. We do feel that we're starting to hit on sort of the right channels for that growth. But I mean, if I can define the $9 billion or $10 billion, is there something from some pent up, yes, is something probably in there. But to your point, our cash balances are up as well. So it's not as though we lowered the amount that's sitting in cash and just moved it into wrap. So I think you're right in what you're concluding. I was just trying to sort of talk about it more from a year-over-year basis.
James Cracchiolo: I think, Andrew, at this point, we want to execute the BMO transaction. We just completed the fixed annuity. As we said to you, even before we did those things, we would target a nice return, which we're doing, and we're consistent with that. So you can keep that as sort of our base right now.  But I think it will depend on market conditions and a sense of what opportunity arises in that regard. And it gives us also flexibility. So I don't want to commit to anything at this point. We want to complete the BMO transaction as we go through and see how the environment is. But I would just say it's a real positive to have the hand.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. So Tom, it would be positive to what we would be experienced if we maintain the fixed annuity book and the losses from that. On a relative -- I mean, in an absolute sense, it will still be some negative in each quarter and -- but, Walter, the size of the negative per quarter.
James Cracchiolo: Right. And that's not the -- and that does not include like the use of capital if we were to use it for buyback or other things or so to offset that. But what I would say is if we held it, you would have had a higher numbers but this was a very reasonable and appropriate way, and it also freed up that amount of capital upfront rather than just over time.
James Cracchiolo: So Tom, it's an excellent question. And what I would say is we're evaluating a lot of different aspects. So as an example, if something optimizes us for slices, we will look at that. If something strategic that really makes sense from what we're doing for our system or a client, et cetera, it makes sense, we'll evaluate it.  So it's not as though we're just being myopic at this point. We're looking at it more holistic. We will look at what that generates for shareholders as well as what it is from a client value proposition. But when I say that, I look at it, so just think about it for that 20% that's remaining, again, outside of the LTC, which we manage, and it's not going to be an earnings for us.  The rest of the business that we have right now generates a very good return. Now there are subsets like low interest rates for like the IUL book is not as lucrative as the VUL and other things like that. But even our annuity book has a very good return. It's well risked, even the guarantee portion and well managed. And so if there are assets that are favorable for us to evaluate something different, and we also take into account the PE, we'll evaluate it. If there are subsets that like we did with the fixed annuity that sort of optimizes the book right now as other things unfold, we'll look at that as well.  So I can't sit here and give you a perfect again view of the crystal ball, but we're open and thinking about what makes sense, but we look at all aspects of that, not just the financial aspect in the short term.
James Cracchiolo: Yes, Suneet. So I think, listen, as we went through the quarter, we didn't expect it to slow down as much. But for a combination, again, we can't put a fine point on it, but in speaking to our people, et cetera. It wasn't that there wasn't strong interest and that we're having good conversations. But it's sort of where like some people who were there wanted to delay it, some people didn't want to sort of like, well, the reopening and what I'm looking at the markets are what they are, et cetera.  So right now, our pipeline looks really good, and we feel like we'll get back to those numbers, and that's really and maybe even a little more favorable. But I would probably say it was just the way it came. Now is there a competitive market? Absolutely. There's a competitive market. And we're being disciplined as well because we don't want to just -- if it's not right for us, we don't jump at it, just like we want it right for the adviser we're recruiting in that we can help them be successful.  But I would probably say the second quarter, I wouldn't attribute it to competitive frame. I could attribute to a confluence of factors. And that's really what I'm getting from my people. So as I said, I'm not coming up with that myself. It's really what I got as feedback as I went through the system.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. So we have strong flows across our system in the U.S. in retail as well as we had some nice flows in institutional. In the retail, it's actually across the combination of those channels. We've actually picked up share in most of the intermediary. In AWM, it's just they're getting their similar share just that our growth is strong. And so they're getting a piece of that action. So they're no different than the third parties as far as what we're seeing in the pickup, but it's across.  And also, I think we did mention that it's not in just 1 or 2 disciplines. We have a range of products that are actually getting. And I think if you looked at the industry outside of passive, there was a bit more of a slowdown like in the equity sales, in the active. Our equity has held up pretty well. So even though there was a little bit of a slowing in certain aspects, it was still quite good.  So we feel good about the retail and the consistency of it and the variety of products that we're putting in the market. I think where we had a little more softness was really in Europe. We had positives in Europe, U.K. was weaker previously. And now Europe slowed down a little just because of what happened in the environment, but we're hoping that will bounce back.
James Cracchiolo: We're seeing -- so on the new advisers, we can see the consistency of the ramp-up. Our ramp-up has actually improved a bit, and we're actually, on a relative basis, for the industry quite good. We're at the higher end of that. But I would probably see the flows are really coming from the combination of factors, but the legacy advisers are really generating good flows, organic flows.
Walter Berman: Okay. First, let me start off. I think as we look at the results for the second quarter, we're managing expenses in a pretty disciplined way and certainly correlated to our revenue growth.  We do expect going forward that we are going to continue to have good strong revenue growth. So therefore, the expenses will correlate to that and -- but we will manage it in a disciplined way.  The thing that I would say at this stage, Alex, is that -- we are seeing -- we are going to start spending in development and other things. So -- but it's going to be measured. And certainly -- we do not see inflationary pressures yet. Certainly, our compensation is up, as we talked about, because of the performance characteristics this year versus last year.  But from our standpoint, the underlying expenses are being well managed, and we will continue to spend money as it's prudent, but you could expect that they're going to be a disciplined approach to it. But we don't see the inflation right now, just the normal increase that you could see with the top performance that we're having.
Walter Berman: No, I don't have the -- it is growing. And right now, the way we operate with our -- a third-party partner is we basically do the share in the underwriting and pay a certain expense. So the growth potential there is very good. I just don't have the number at hand at this stage.
Walter Berman: So obviously, the bank is very opportunistic now because, obviously, if you look at our sweep account rates, the 27 basis points. And we're now -- new money is being placed at 140. We're putting an emphasis on more duration than credit. So we see seizing upon the opportunity to be prudent about it, not to extend you on credit, but certainly investing out and picking up that spread. And you should anticipate there will be more sweet money to play on balance sheet.
Walter Berman: Yes. Thanks, it's Walter. So listen, 1 month, 2 months don't make a trend. But yes, the numbers that we're seeing are certainly returning to the pre-COVID situation. Yes.
Walter Berman: Well, okay, as part of our program. We are certainly always evaluating reengineering and the stranded cost, again, is manageable from the fixed annuities based upon the expense base it had in the allocation elements that we feel comfortable that we'll be able to neutralize that as we do our reengineering and evaluate within the RPS product and also across the firm. So we will be able to neutralize the majority of it.
Walter Berman: Andrew, it's Walter. As Jim indicated, certainly, we are getting inbounds. We're evaluating both from a tactical and strategic standpoint. And I would say there is clearly interest. And certainly, we're looking at the best shareholder implications to it, taking into consideration all aspects, including PE multiple and certainly recognizing the quality of the book. But we are certainly getting inbounds.
Walter Berman: Sure. So yes, again, we haven't finalized exactly, but it's a reasonable positioning to put it in corporate. And yes, there will be amortization of the negative seed, but let me put this in context. As we evaluated certainly the FA book and its trajectory going forward. It was -- this transaction is going to be a positive from a P&L standpoint.  Certainly, you would see, as you project, it will be higher than what you're seeing right now. But all the projections are it will be certainly P&L positive to us as we go forward. And that does not even take into consideration the use of proceeds as it relates to the freed-up capital. So it's risk and P&L wise, as you look over the term of this and certainly the freed-up capital aspects of it are certainly very positive.
Walter Berman: You're going to see, okay, right now, you saw it in this quarter, we had $6 million loss. So as you look out to it, in '22, it's going to get pretty close to when the amortization and the other aspects of it will equal pretty much probably $10 million a quarter, something in that range.
