Jim Cracchiolo: Alex, this is Jim. Good morning. So, I think we're seeing good growth coming from all of the areas you've mentioned. We see a good additional flow coming from current clients, as we're deepening through the Advice relationship, that we've been really having our advisors really engage with clients on and the deepening, but we also see good new organic growth from client acquisition coming in as well from our advisors. And as a complement from recruits that we've added over the last year, as they transfer their book, they're bringing over some of the clients. But I would say, it's a lot coming from the organic growth from our core base, both for new clients that our advisors are bringing in, as well as current clients, where they are deepening the relationship and bringing in more of those flows as well.
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay. So, what I can say really, is that we know right now that the EMEA BMO area is in inflows for the last number of months through the first quarter. They're seeing it. And some of their core programs and initiatives, the ones that we sort of laid out to you are the strategic capabilities, that we think that will really enhance and strengthen our areas to really get a more formal presence on the continent there, but also that we could leverage globally. We feel like as we go through this transaction, since we're not really what I would call meshing together, both investment process or distribution capabilities in some of those areas, they are more of an add-on to us that we shouldn't suffer. As you mentioned, a bit more of an attrition going through that process, we feel very comfortable that we're adding there people, we're adding the capabilities. And what we're spending more time integrating will be more of the back and middle offices, adding our capabilities, which are much more state-of-the-art, much more current in what can - we can provide them technology-wise and support-wise. And so we feel like it could be a win-win. We always factor in when we do a transaction, there is always some breakage, you can't really determine how much it is, but we always factor in that in thinking about a deal. But we're hoping that that would be one that will not be significant, based on what we're looking to do here, which is very different than merging and integrating front offices and people from that standpoint. We like their capabilities. We think that those capabilities which are added distribution globally, can actually enhance their flow picture as well. But we didn't count on the revenue flows, when we did the deal to make it like a make or break. We really look at this from having the cost synergies from the back and middle office, plus what they think they can grow, plus what we can add and then we complement that with our distribution as a plus. And so, we feel like this is really good strategic, is exactly what we were looking for. As a complement, it is one that we can easily handle through the excess cash and balance sheet that we have. And it doesn't take away from the organic growth that we want our people to continue to focus on in the Asset Management business.
Jim Cracchiolo: And when we look at going forward, longer-term, I mean, in the current period as markets hold, we don't see that reverting back to in the 30s at this point in time. I think longer-term, it's hard for us, because there's a business mix, as we said, even adding the BMO transaction, which is largely institutional. There'll be some differences there just don't fee, not that they don't have -- they have good sees, but on a relative compared to a retail side. So there are those various things. And as you know, there's always a mixed change that occurs over the longer-term and based on markets and a number of other factors. But, from a cost perspective, we do not see anything that would cause a problem. And then from a revenue, you can see that our fee basis has been holding pretty well, based on new assets that we're adding versus anything that a trading. So it's nothing in the near-term, it's just longer-term. It's hard to predict. We'll have to do some further work depending on, what happens over the course of the year.
Jim Cracchiolo: No, I would say overall, we're getting very strong flows from our third-party channel. Ameriprise has picked up a bit, but in totality, it's really coming from the third-party channels. And so, I would say we feel really good. We've actually grown our share in seven of the eight top distributors in the U.S. We're getting it from a number of different disciplines, the broker dealers, the independence, all areas, et cetera. So, we feel very good. And we have a broader lineup that is actually selling pretty well. This is actually a time when even fixed income kicked in for us, where we were more equity. Now we are combination of getting good equity and fixed income has picked up as well. So we really feel good about the broadening there.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, we actually feel like the BMO was one of the primary areas that we wanted to really complement, which is growing a bit more and balancing out for more of the solutions-oriented business, a little more institutional business, a little more weight for our distribution, particularly in that area for EMEA. So, we feel like that was our primary focus in what we were looking to do if we did it an incremental acquisition right now, and we want to concentrate on getting that integrated well. We feel like we got good momentum in the core of the businesses, both in U.S. as well as what we think we could expand internationally with some of our capabilities, now institutional as well. With the products that we have, we got some very good consultants have approvals and ratings, which we think will expand our platform capabilities to what distribution. So, we're feeling pretty good about that. That was one of the things that we wanted to focus on in the near-term, and we think that this deal gives us some of that ability here.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, so good question. I think, the way I'd probably answer that would be that, we will continue to look at bringing in good advisors to the firm, and we could probably a bit more there and we're reviewing it. But very important for us, we want to bring in the right advisors that fit the brand, the culture, the compliance, understand what their focus on growth. We don't want to just pay advisors to join us or be part of a network and process for them. We want to have advisors join us that we can help grow their productivity, grow their client relationships, have great client satisfaction, be with us a long time that really builds on the culture and the brand. We think we have a great value proposition for advisors once they join us, both from how we onboard them, how we give them support, the leadership, the technology, the capabilities. We just don't want to roll up a bunch of firms or independence and just associate and process for them, per se. So that's very important to us. I think we could probably, maybe we could be more aggressive out there. But we also think it's very important for the long-term. The other thing we really spent a lot of time different than other competitors about this rolling up advisors, is that we focused on our 10,000 advisors growing their productivity, having strong client satisfaction. And I think when you compare us, the last time we did that analysis, which we update, we're more than 2.5 times any independent on annual productivity growth, on a compound basis for a long period of time. And the same thing against the warehouses. So that's where we put a lot more of our energy. But, to your point, we complement that with having good recruits and having good retention. And we'll continue to look at whether we could step that up, or there may be some other firms, small firms suited to our cultural mix. But that's what we've been focused on and we've been successful with.
Jim Cracchiolo: So, Andrew, I think it was a very good question. You with someone else, a couple of people had asked from the fourth quarter on a similar basis when we had a good pickup in flows and client activity as well. What we've been seeing is, and it's probably a combination of factors. I mean, we have a reopening of the economy. I think people have starting to feel a bit more comfortable. I think the markets have done well. So there's a little bit of that where people feel a little more comfortable in what they are doing right now. And so, I think that's part of it, because of the positive nature of the reopening and the vaccine rolling out et cetera. But I also feel part of it is a level of engagement that our advisors are also having with their clients. We've really rolled out our whole foundational advice in complement through our comprehensive advice. We have over half a million of our clients already have goals online that are very active with. We have been rolling out our integrated technology in the way our advisors continue to connect with clients and understand the nature of what conversations they should be having. We'll be rolling out more tools along those lines. So, we feel like we've stepped up on level of having the advisors engaged with the clients and giving them a lot more of the tools and capabilities to do that more seamlessly in an integrated fashion. And I think that's having some effect. I mean, it's hard for me, not knowing the market cycle, and some of the things popping up around, but I feel good that we're going to continue to at least continue to gain those type of flows. I can't predict whether it's 9, 10, eight, six, or whatever. But I feel like we're in a good spot right now. And we're very focused on helping that to continue.
Jim Cracchiolo: So, institutionally, and even from a retail, we've been getting sort of mandates a little more that our solutions oriented. And we also, as you also know, have a UK real estate property business, and we have a smaller U.S. business as well. So this would complement it nicely and bring some of that advanced capability in Europe to there. We know ESG is very big, and they're a leader in ESG, as well. And we've been ramping up our activities in ESG in the UK, for European activity and UK activity. So overall, we feel like it'll help us hit the ground, running further in Europe. But we're also looking to further use that solution capability complementing what we're already doing in the last for the U.S. And we think that that will give us a greater ability to bring in more solutions-oriented business for the longer-term. So, I don't know if that answers your question. But we had invested in solutions, we do have some of the different strategies already coming to bear for some of what we're doing internationally and domestically. But this would advance us further.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So in the U.S., we're looking to first provide our platform capabilities to BMO Wealth Management. But, in addition, we'll be looking to convert some of their activities over to us on the retail side for us to actually manage those activities for them. And working with BMO now we've crafted a relationship and arrangement on that. We're not purchasing their U.S. business, but we're working on sort of an agreement, revenue type agreement, as well as a distribution agreement to pick up a level of their activities there. I don't have more detailed information right now, Walter, I don't know if you have it.
Walter Berman: Alex, it's Walter. So, obviously, the BMO is generating an EBITDA, but again, it's a division of a large corporation. So, commenting on that number would be a little problematic. We certainly have done our analysis of it. But the big reason, obviously, for the - take the accretion in 2023 is the central amount of one-time expense that we will be absorbing between now and that timeframe. We feel very comfortable and that's why we gave you the book ends, as relates to the IRR on it and certainly the elements of payback. So, we are working through right now and certainly will keep you abreast as we go through this and get additional information as we go.
Walter Berman: Yes, there is nothing unusual in this quarter. Suneet, what we do is getting the benefit of the leveraging, and the fact that we do not have wind in our faces relates to the outflows. So, it's really from that standpoint, it's solid performance on the inflows. And we feel the expenses will remain well-managed as we go forward. But it is really the benefit of the inflows and the market, nothing unusual.
Walter Berman: Yes. So right now, we're working on that and so we will follow-up and get you to 2020. But what Jim is saying, I believe is a good representation of it. So, if you give us a chance, we'll get that out as we look at the new definitions and openings of the data. Okay.
Walter Berman: Okay. So Andrew, on the $46 million, that is the realization of unfortunately the mortality and lower basically new entrants into nursing home, the frequency. So as we indicated, that is starting to slow down in March. It basically dropped to around $5 million. So, we're seeing, we're gauging it. And certainly we've gotten the benefit of the situation with COVID. But we have our programs that are working, as we indicated our benefit of programs, our price increases and other things and the claims are being well-managed. And same with the expectations. So, I can't say but certainly by the trend, it's slowing down now, as relates to the situation with COVID.
Walter Berman: We, again, certainly the interest rates certainly affect that. And we certainly, we will evaluate, and certainly the bid is coming in, and we are open to evaluate the elements within that. But again, we feel we have this LTC under control, but certainly, we would look at opportunities to reinsure that.
Walter Berman: It's more of the latter. I think we as you noted, we are managing our expenses well. And even with the return to what G&A and other things of that nature, we believe we will stay in a more controlled situation with that. And as you know, normally we get questions on AWM, to range on that is, you saw 2% and we think it's going to be in the 3%, 4% range. So well-managed, as we go forward.
Walter Berman: Well, we have very strong transactional activity in this quarter, so obviously, that drove a good profitability for us. And as we look at the margins and the profitability of these programs, they are both very good as timing, as you know, in wrap, you get your P, as relates to it. On the transactional, you'll take it upfront or it's very much back loaded. So the profitability of these are certainly with from a data standpoint, extremely good. And distinguishing between them, they're just different, and they fit into the conference retirement approach that we take. So they're necessary for our clients, but they all generate good, acceptable returns to us.
Walter Berman: They're different, and they'll both generate good returns for us. They really do. They are different, and different characterizations meet different needs, and timing your profitability. But they both really do generate acceptable and good returns.
Walter Berman: I don't see downward pressure on the margins. I do see, obviously, we're evaluating from our standpoint, investment opportunities that we have for that product, and certainly looking now at duration versus credit. But I would say, it certainly has slowed as you noted, but I can't say whether it's bottom. But it certainly slowed. And we're evaluating now looking at both the asset side of it, and then we'll see what happens on short-term.
Walter Berman: Right now, we're focused on fixed annuities, as Jim and I have indicated. We are working on that on to bring that to closure. And yes, interest rates do affect it, but the range that you're talking about should be certainly achieved from that standpoint. And as I indicated to Andrew, we do get constant requests for evaluation of different offers, and we evaluate them. But right now, we're focusing on the fixed annuity.
Walter Berman: Yes, I believe it is continuing. Again, this is preliminary information coming in. But yes, we're seeing still continuing trends.
Walter Berman: Well, again, we are sitting in strong capital position now, as we indicated our excess capital is in $2 billion, certainly, we're going to generate strong capital or free cash flow going forward. This transaction will replenish. You can look at it that way, the BMO transaction and then we make our decisions, looking opportunistically what's the best way to deploy that. But at this stage, we're sitting in very good position. And certainly the fixed annuity transaction will certainly offset the BMO substantially.
Walter Berman: The answer is, you will see a benefit if you're talking about AWM on the Fed funds. And so, if you look at, say $25 billion, looking at just concentrating on the sweep accounts, it's $250 million from over a year period on 1% encouragement, that's the dimensions of it. And then it's a matter of gauging how we return that to the client. But normally you have a differential between when the Fed fund changes and then we evaluate the competitive situation. So, that's trying to dimension it from that standpoint.
Walter Berman: No, not at this moment. I think we're just working up from that standpoint to our transfer clients over and we're discussing with them to just what Jim has indicated. And anything we've talked about before, as related to the financials, that does not include that aspect of it.
Walter Berman: We know the amount, but we just don't know what's going to transfer over. So, I'd rather not say. This time they're working on that right now.
