Brennan Hawken: I'd like to start with the bank. So we've got $3 billion. I believe you've indicated that there's expectation for $3 billion of maturities expected. Can you give a sense, given where rates are in the market today, what kind of yield pickup you're likely to see on those balances? And whether or not you have visibility into what those maturities might be in 2025.
Brennan Hawken: All, okay. Excellent. And can you speak to cash trends you've seen in January? And what expectations for balances or betas underpin that growth because it's better than we were expecting.
Brennan Hawken: It was about the -- no, never mind. Because if it was about the bank, then that makes more sense because I could...
Walter Berman: Sure. So the -- let me -- in '25, we anticipate it will still be $25 billion. Again, these are payoff from that standpoint. And when we look at it -- let me answer the question this way. From a net interest income standpoint, why we evaluate looking at various scenarios and using the forward curves, the generation in 2024 and '25 will be higher than that in 2023 because again, the rates we have been adding at are very -- rates close to 6%. And that runoff will be basically coming through. And our reinvestments, the differentials, will still allow us to have a higher net interest income in 2024 and '25. But it's $3 billion in both years.
Walter Berman: So that -- yes, we did take on a $2.5 billion for Comerica, and that will transition through over the next 6 months. And the use of that, certainly that will work towards the rate increasing. But our base rate has basically stayed the same ex-Comerica. There's been no change.
Walter Berman: We are using the forward curve, and we run sensitivity. But what my statement was referring to was the forward curve as -- the latest forward curve.
Walter Berman: Sure. So right now, we are seeing stability and really little growth in our sweep accounts. So we feel very comfortable about it. And we still have buffer there. So we are evaluating that, but we'll be more measured as we go forward because we've certainly placed and shifted a substantial amount. But you would see that it will be increasing but at a slower pace as we evaluate these sweep balances that support that. So I would say that it will be increasing but at a slower pace.
Walter Berman: Yes. So obviously, we've been very proactive in managing the controllable aspect of that on the expenses, not just in AWM, even in AM, but across the board. So yes. Obviously, it will be dependent on several factors as it relates to markets or other things as it relates to margin. But with -- right, I'm not going to forecast exactly where it goes, but I think we feel comfortable that we have put in place our control of G&A at Asset Management and that we have the capability with the right set of conditions sets going on with markets. And certainly, if we as we get -- make progress on our flows, that is -- certainly can increase. But right now, we're comfortable with the current levels that we have, but we have the potential.
Walter Berman: Yes. So I think that we have reasonable confidence that we will be able to sustain. But obviously, there are variables that go into that. But as I indicated, our net interest income was -- 2024, will certainly be higher than '23. So yes, I think we have a reasonable level of confidence in that.
Walter Berman: So yes, we came in at 79%, I would agree with you, for the year. And right now, we -- our capacity and capability certainly remains very strong, as you can see from the elements and certainly generation. So I would think that a continuation of that strategy is probably a reasonable expectation.
Walter Berman: Well, from what you saw from basically the breakage that we took, it wasn't -- basically a proactive evaluation of the payback that we were getting. So that was a conscious decision on our part. Our expense plan has been basically evaluated on the basis of , but looking at process and how we can improve efficiency. So we feel very good about.  There is some basically spillover effects as you get to managing that ultimate return, and some we will get breakage. We believe the breakage, certainly, we saw what we saw this year, there will be some but manageable -- taking place in 2024, but manageable. But again, it's a conscious decision on our part, and we feel we give them opportunities to certainly redeploy the money in other products that we have.  So it's -- again, it's we are controlling what we can and we -- which is on the G&A expense, and it's through a conscious review of expense management.
Walter Berman: Well, with the breakage, it was basically on that one we closed upon. And obviously, we've looked for alternatives and was institutional. And then the other funds, we feel there are opportunities where we can basically merge them into other products that we have and to get the efficiencies and effect on that. So it's -- it was a capital review of it, and we just felt, based on payback, it would make sense to do that.
Walter Berman: Right now, the -- of the $2 billion was basically the -- that was the amount in that fund pretty much.
Walter Berman: I would have to get back to you exactly on the 12, but I think the majority of it is still related back to the breakage that we see -- we saw. But let me get back to you on that.
Walter Berman: Yes. So what we have, obviously, intercompany cash transferring that goes between the segments. And we evaluated AWM that the crediting rate that we were giving that was not really, I would say, [indiscernible] and market-driven, and so we adjusted it based upon the condition sets that we saw today. And that will be something that will remain in AWM's profitability going forward based -- as long as the levels to stay where they are.  The second one was really an element of relating to -- we looked at our models as it relates to RPS, and it was -- candidly, it was not the right rate. It was -- we were just not crediting them with the right amount, as simple as that. And yes, it's in all net interest income, and it has no effect on the company that shifts the money.
Walter Berman: As we said, opportunistically, we have the capacity, we certainly -- as you see, we generate a lot of free cash flow, and we evaluate that as looking at the opportunities we are continuing to invest and with in our business. So that's not a constraining factor. So I would say right now, it's a reasonable estimate to assume the level that we just had, and then we will adjust to be opportunistic about it.
Walter Berman: Yes. So what you saw with the $26 million severance and certainly our plans, that these are all actionable and, certainly, from our standpoint, have already been put into play. And so we are -- you should see the benefit of that materializing as -- we're basically looking at our expenses for 2024 will be flat at a minimum. And obviously, we continue to make substantial investments in the various businesses, especially in AWM. So it's -- we have pretty high confidence on this.
Walter Berman: Yes. Listen, we have certainly observed the recent transactions, and we feel that it creates an opportunity. And from that standpoint, as we always said, we're always looking for the bid ask. And I think those bid asks are certainly coming in alignment and provides an opportunity.
Walter Berman: In the sweep accounts, and this is as of 2 days ago, we have seen a complete stabilization from that standpoint, a little increase. So we're obviously observing -- understand the seasonality of it. But certainly, it's what I indicated, and that's through 2 days ago.
Walter Berman: No, that's invested out now. We took advantage of the rate situation as we saw. So that is pretty much completed at this view. And also, as I indicated, it will get to pick up going forward of certainly the intercompany cash.
Walter Berman: Well, we've looked at it, and candidly for us, probably not because of the most people enter into that for growth purposes, and we have a fairly large share. So probably not. It's not -- but we continue to look.
Walter Berman: Well, we're still staying in the maturity range of the 3.5 range. And it's right now, it's a tad under 6%.
Walter Berman: Yes, there is an opportunity, it is high as a percentage. It's certainly a [indiscernible] and I think that's one of the reasons and certainly with the engaged arrangement, we give them the opportunity. But it's -- we do see it coming down.
Walter Berman: Hold on, let me go back. That was actually for the bank. I was giving you the bank on that one. I apologize.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. So those balances are in money markets and brokerage CDs short term that will roll off. And so as they do, I think advisers will evaluate whether they put that back into the market. And if they did, I would probably say a portion of that would go back, a reasonable portion, will go back most likely into wrap type programs, imbalanced type portfolios, which would include both equities and fixed income, et cetera, alternatives.  On the other side of it, there, we've seen a bit of a pickup in some transactional activity as well in the fourth quarter. So some of that will go back into transactional type activities as they look at longer duration type products as well. So again, that's really as advisers look at the market and they put money to work over time for their clients.
James Cracchiolo: Yes, Suneet. So it is sort of like double the amount that clients are holding usually compared to where they used to be. And again, advisers look at it with their clients and they're getting a 5-plus yield on it, just to sit tight, with unclear about the market moves, et cetera. So I do believe that over time, that money will be redeployed, but holding at higher rates right now, it's not an uncomfortable thing for clients that are advised us to keep extra cash there.
James Cracchiolo: In fact, the money is at Ameriprise. The advisers have just put it into whether money market or brokered CDs, where there was a bigger lineup of brokered CDs before we had our bank and CDs that we'll be launching. So I think it's a -- vary. But they -- just as they did that, they put it into our own certificate program as well, and that grew nicely. It's up to $13 billion in total.  So I think it was just the outlets for where to talk the cash. I think as we put more bank products in, as we develop the bank, some of that will go into our bank products. We think also there's an opportunity for us to capture more cash from our clients holding it at their banking institutions. But the money that's currently that $81 billion is at Ameriprise. And as that rolls over or opportunity the advisers to rebalance accounts, they'll put that money to work.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. So what we did is we had some teams that we felt they're managing small levels of assets, and it wasn't economical for us in those areas. But we have good teams that could have assumed those assets and had good performance. So we made adjustments there. But in so doing, yes, we have reviewed our overall front office and all of the products and the portfolios and the capabilities that we have on the investment side.  We feel there's a good opportunity. We always have that in the equity part of the arena. But we feel really that we do have a good fixed income and credit shop and that we think there's opportunity for us to actually get a greater fair share there as we continue to look at what the environment is. And so -- but we've evaluated that both domestically and internationally. And we're picking our pockets of where we really want to double down.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. The team is focused on the RIA channel as well in developing our distribution platform capabilities there. And we will put some emphasis there as we move forward as part of our intermediary distribution capabilities.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. We feel unbelievably good about our total platform for the advisers, from our combination of CRM platform, which is the latest and the greatest of all the capabilities with all the integrated technology and data that they can use on their client portfolios and engagement, to our e-meeting capabilities that actually help them actually put together their actual proposals for clients and the engagement of meeting with them regarding their needs.  Two, even our AI capabilities, helping them identify opportunities in their book.  So we feel really good about the suite of capabilities that we have, but those capabilities are all integrated, which makes the adviser much easier with their dashboards to engage their clients to manage their books and to have that deeper engagement with them through the advice planning models. So we feel really good and we're continuing to invest heavily. And that's complemented by all the mobile and the web capabilities that we have for them to do business. So we feel that we have a state-of-the-art type of system our availability is very strong. And so we feel it is a differentiating point for us.
