Walter Berman: Okay. And I guess let me start -- as you know, we operate within regulatory and fiduciary standards. I -- and therefore, we feel certainly looking at sweep in its transactional aspect of cash and motion, it's totally appropriate and aligned. I can't really comment on what is -- what's taking place with the wirehouses. I don't understand it. I really -- I think we -- all I know is what we do from that standpoint and all the actions we have taken to ensure that the money is in sweep is really for transactional purposes, and it's at the levels you know that we -- the majority of it is in under 100,000 -- account balances are under $6,000. Our rates are competitive, and we keep the appropriate level of cash that we think is necessary to operate. So that is the focus of us, and we feel very comfortable with that. And obviously, we'll evaluate things as it goes, but we -- looking at what we have today, we think it's totally appropriate.
Walter Berman: As I remember what I said, clearly, '24 over '23, but I still believe it was slow, but yes, but the net interest income should be higher. That statement I think it's still valid.
Walter Berman: Well, the driver is, obviously, we're investing over 6%. And so we feel that as maturities and our short duration, that it will give us that momentum. And we are adding, but we'll obviously be measured, but we're adding.
Walter Berman: So the -- if I understand, Alex, your question about -- I think our total cash is about $80 billion to $81 billion. And so therefore, in money markets and in third-party CDs is about $40-some-odd billion. And we are seeing that certainly money is still coming into, I would say -- money markets, they're probably -- money markets and -- but it's and slowed a little on the CD side. And so from that standpoint, there is -- we are seeing less in CDs and there is a shift. People are staying shorter from that standpoint as they're trying to take advantage of the yield curve. That's the trend that we're seeing about now.
Walter Berman: Good question. We do anticipate because, obviously, from an economic standpoint, that would be beneficial to us. We've had new money go in there. And yes, as it gets redeployed, that would be beneficial, and we think that was -- certainly, will be a source of the repositioning.
Walter Berman: On '25, I can say that we feel certainly we're -- the expenses are being well managed. And certainly, as we reposition and look at our process changes and other efficiencies that we're getting there. So I think I feel confident as we said for '24. '25, we certainly will continue. We're going to be investing in the business. So I would say you should see well-managed expenses, but we are going to be investing for growth. So I think it caught up the way you certainly have seen we've operated in prior years and certainly, especially in '24, it's -- we manage our expenses in a portion to our revenue and manage our margin.
Walter Berman: So certainly, as you indicated, wrap was quite strong on the client, they were -- we saw both in certificates and annuities, some lapsing and that impacted it. And our -- we look at our growth rates, and we certainly feel that they're aligned with the industry. So from that standpoint, we are getting traction, we feel comfortable with it. And so we see that trajectory. Basically, we feel comfortable.
Walter Berman: Okay. So the question is I don't understand what the drivers are. We certainly understand their rates, and it is part of an evaluation that we go through. So that was all you should read into what I was saying. Certainly, we evaluated a competitive element as we look at it. But it is -- I just can't comment on some of the drivers or the elements that are creating what [indiscernible] changes for.
Walter Berman: Yes. And 1 proof point, again, which really -- we're under $6,000. And if you look at the industry, there between $10,000 and $15,000. So it plays -- we have just less levels there because it strictly used the cash [indiscernible].
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. We sort of, again, a bit of a slowdown as into the second quarter. We can't tell you exactly why it looks like people would stay in put a little bit based on markets, et cetera, and moving into the -- I guess, into the seasonal. We see a good pickup in our pipeline again. And so we think that will improve as we go forward. But other than that, speaking to the team, that's really what they saw. .
Jim Cracchiolo: A lot of our central models are really run by outside managers, institutional and oversight is there. So -- and again, even in those type of models, it's roughly around 2% or so. And even in our advisor discretion, it's actually less than on the institutional models. So I would probably say as you look at it. Now we haven't broken that out between employee, nonemployee, et cetera, because these models are all run in certain ways. But it is, as Walter said, a very low balance. It's what 2% or so, and there is constant trading activities, fees being pulled, the foreign taxes being paid, things like that. So it's not as though this -- and a lot of the actual cash, if there's any higher balance, whether institutional or otherwise, they are moved into money markets and other short-duration products as well. So that's how we look at it and manage it, and that has been appropriate. We disclosed that very clearly. And from a clients and a legal perspective, we feel very comfortable with what that is.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So we saw nice increases in our pledge loan as we, again, go through the year. We will be launching another rate one, which we know has been popular out in the industry. So that will be coming on board over the next quarter or so. We've also seen some increase as we started to put some direct CDs and savings programs and for cash to come in externally from that from our clients. Again, we're just starting that up. But no, we think that as we launch these other products in the bank, advisors are looking for them, and we feel like they will, over time, gone or built assets as well as we can then deal with some of the lending activities appropriate.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, we saw a nice pickup. I don't have it in front of me. Do you -- we can get it for you, but we saw a nice pickup in the quarter.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. I mean we looked at -- there was a little bit of a slowing, to your point, in the second quarter overall. And we did look and say, okay, is there any in particular. Outside of the usual activities, people just didn't add as much advisors, I guess, with the market and everything. And very clearly, it looked the same way as we looked at some of the -- across the industry. So it wasn't like we're an outlier.
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, as you saw, we're maintaining a consistent stable fee levels. Yes, we had some additional outflows with a very low fee basis. And we are adjusting our model and expense base, leveraging the technology, leveraging our global resources, et cetera, that we continue to do that helps to offset any pressure that we received from a flow basis. Again, barring changes in market conditions, we think that we can maintain sort of a good margin for the business based on what we're doing. We are investing. So we're not cutting from areas that we want to grow in. As I mentioned, we gained flows, even though it's not in the numbers we discussed to you with models, so more money has gone in there. We're starting to gain traction as well in SMAs, which we think will be good and as well in ETFs. And we will be looking as we even pursue some active ETFs as we go forward. So there are things that we are doing. At the same time, we are trying to free up expenses and resources based on the investments we've made and use our resources globally to get more efficiencies.
Jim Cracchiolo: So yes, we feel like -- as we continue, as you saw, there was additional severance we took in the second quarter. Part of that was in the Asset Management business. And there are continued changes that we're looking to make and improving and tightening the way we operate with our processes and efficiencies and freeing up resources and things that aren't generating the value that we need. And so we are actually pursuing those things as well, and there will be some further adjustments as we move forward.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So there's good growth in the insurance and annuities, the structured instrument and the VUL products, which are both very good products for us. And actually, the reason there wasn't more earnings for one is because when you first book that you got the distribution expense upfront that you're -- is the cost. So over time, that increase in volumes will also add to the earnings mix. We also got very good rates now as we reinvested on the investment side and the spreads there. So I think the business will be a good, strong, consistent contributor and a lot of that is free cash flow that we utilize for buyback. So we feel very good. And you also saw in the quarter, again, even in the LTC business that we had nice earnings there as we continue to make adjustments, take rate invest appropriately and invest out. So we're feeling very good about how that will add to the total of the company.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. And Tom, as we look at it, again, we have very low balance of very low percentage and particularly in the wrap that is there. We do see the money through transactions and fees. You don't want to go where you don't have it or selling a security. At the same time, you're pulling on some of these things or clearing. So we look at institutional accounts, it's the same thing. So we're not exactly sure what the change is from the wirehouse, et cetera. But again, until we know anything different, we feel very comfortable. And from a competitive frame, the same way. I mean, this is not money. We have a lot of different places where our advisors move money to and same thing with models. And the money, if it is positional is in those other type of earning assets rather than we keep it in sweep.
Jim Cracchiolo: No. Well, I think it's more from a client perspective, right? So clients want to understand a bit better. What does it mean based on who gets in, what policies, how it would affect investments? I think you can hear that even from market funds and speaking in the airwaves. So again, that's always the top of mind triggered by those types of things that they hear. So we provide market strategies. We look at what the implications of changes in policy may be or what type of investment is appropriate, and so that's more of where it is. Now how does that work with advisers. It depends on how clients are. They feel like more comfortable, then they'll put more money to work. And the same thing with the advisor. If they feel a little bit that there will be a change or implications, the hold. I don't -- at this point, I don't see fundamentally anything driving it in a major way. But as you get closer to the election and there's more conversations, I think -- and that's what we usually see before an election. I don't think it fundamentally changes it. But you do see, based on who gets in and whether policy changes, whether there are impacts as far as what people invest what they rotate out of.
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, again, as I said, wherever you are, you have transactional activity that you want to settle and you want to -- you have to do that timely, right? But you don't want to put people on margin, you don't want to through [indiscernible] out of other securities at the wrong time. So there's always a certain low level of cash. Now what we really do is monitor and if cash is in any account at a larger level, that we really look for it to be moved. And so as you saw, as people move out of some fixed income instruments or where [indiscernible] putting further into the market, they did invest in a lot of cash instruments, money markets, CDs, various other short-term duration fixed. And so we saw that occurring in the reality of it. And actually, the sweep actually went lower rather than increase. And so that's the same thing in all of the wrap and institutional. Now within that, if there is more money sitting in that count, we don't want that cash to be a high balance even if it's invested out because that's not the purpose of the wrap account. But in so doing, if there is positional cash and they're in earning instruments, then the advisors do get paid, et cetera. But again, that's something that's monitored and we feel very comfortable with it. So as far as the future is concerned, there's always adjustments that will occur in pricing and what you would have to do to offset some of the cost of your services that we will constantly look at. But if you're asking in the near term, we feel very good about where that is right now. We're not exactly sure what some of the changes that some people are bringing in about for what reasons. So I'm not sure that was as clear as it maybe to you, but it wasn't to us.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So we mainly -- we have a small wholesaling, working with private banks, et cetera, in the region, but a lot of it is more institutional basis. And it's again, as you would imagine, some of the core products we have, both in Europe, in equities as an example, or in the U.S. and maybe even things like our fixed income, investment-grade various things like that. So we've been gaining some traction there. Same thing, a bit more that we're seeing as potential opportunities in our real estate. So those are the things that we have underway. We recently expanded a little bit in Japan. We're in Korea and places like that, Singapore, Australia. So there are different places where we are getting it mainly from larger institutions from some pension funds, some sovereign wealth, things like that.
