Walter Berman: Yes. I guess, the easiest way to think it from my standpoint is, we’ve talked about it this particular environment situation that were generating 85%, 90% free cash flow. At this stage you could assume that that will go up by somewhere between 150 million and 200 million. I know I’m giving you a percentage versus that, but it’s the best way to think about because it will fall pretty at that level into the free cash flow category. Again assuming the mix of businesses and things don’t change, just coming from the Tax Reform Act.
Walter Berman: Yes. That’s a fair way and we’ll be refining as we go through, but it’s a good measure to go through.
Walter Berman: We will continue to look at opportunities for continued investment as we have and we modulate that appropriately, so we would say that some of that we would like to continue to invest – continue to invest as we do with the other aspects of our free cash flow and some of that will be return as well. So -- and return as you saw last year we did some small acquisitions, so we think that would also be a way that utilizes some of the cash that we’re generating.
Walter Berman: I would say, if you -- as we go through, again, we’re going to be looking to invest for growth. But I would say on normalize patterns it certainly tie to our revenue growth and growth in revenue, but getting back into three to five range and staying in that range, because we will be investing in the business and obviously there is volume associate expenses. But it will be correlated to what the revenue growth is.
Walter Berman: Yes. Alex. That is still the guidance from that standpoint to 90% to 100%, again circumstance driven, but that's where we said that we would target.
Walter Berman: Well, overall our fee base on the rate basis points, I’d say 2017 over 2016 is actually up, it's a combination of mix, some of the assets that we've added but also overall the assets that we managed or retain, which we do have a good portion, a good thing in equity. We did lose a bit more in the fixed income side in net flow picture which has very low basis points for some of those institutional and parent activities. So that's really the balancing. The flow picture that we bring in from the new flows actually have good rates to them including in the institutional side of the business. So we still feel very good about the total that we’re managing and echoes both domestically but also internationally. We’re bringing in some good retail asset net inflows in the international marketplace as well as good fees.
Walter Berman: It’s Walter. It’s a tad lower but it's -- if you take a look at the inflow versus the outflow for your question, the inflow basis points are about 15% higher than the outflow as we look over the quarter and looked over the 2017.
Walter Berman: Sure. It’s Walter. We will generate some efficiency gains, but also we’ll be incurring expenses as it relates -- relates to Brexit, relates to the every elements. And the benefits that we will start garnering with the capabilities that we have in this conversion is really ability and to offer products across the global aspects of this and the consistency on the risk management and you have a capabilities. So it's going to give us those capabilities. But we will get some dollars savings, but it’s not going to be the main focus of it, because we’ve we picked up some already and we will be spending money on new initiatives. But it certainly the capabilities that gives us is going to be vastly beyond the dollar saving.
Walter Berman: Yes. We've gone through an extensive process and obviously looking at the level of research and how to reengineer. So I would say that we bought the cost a bit down and still maintain servicing capabilities that were associated with it. So it should not be a major event for us in 2018, obviously where there’ll be some of the course, but we have really reengineered those cost of levels that we can manage.
Walter Berman: Dollar amount performance fees, well, I gave you PTI, I don’t if I have them. I’ll get back. I don’t to guess, but the…
Walter Berman: The PTI impact, I gave you is a six and then had to go through the compensation. That was performance fees then you have the CLOS, the total is 32.
Walter Berman: Total is 32 for CLOs and for – what you call again, for performance fees to property, but the breakdown how much was in the revenue and how much was so on the expense side, I just don’t have that in front of me.
Walter Berman: Sure. The answer to your question yes, it is driven by the tax reform. The answer to the second part of the question is the RBC and the effectiveness and the required RBC is driven by the rating agencies. To the best of my knowledge I have not given us any guidance that they will be changing what their required RBC will be. And we have the ability and will be building back your RBC as we go through the year.
Walter Berman: No. We personally look at the marketplace competitively, in asset management we make adjustments in fee levels appropriately based on whether it's institutional or retail in certain activities, but we’ve been doing that on an ongoing basis, not necessarily or will be driven by the tax rate. And in AWM as well, it's based on client level of activity and value and appropriate for the adviser to decide for the activities with their clients and nothing is going to be holistically driven by the tax rate.
Walter Berman: Yes. We have seen – over the year there’s been some increase and certainly we follow that because we’re coming of a very low base, but it's been much less than we originally would've anticipate in the beginning of the year. So we are seeing competitors are being fairly consistent and we’re certainly observing, but at this stage it's very tough to gauge the exact amount that will be proportionally to us and to shareholder based upon the situation. So we will remain competitive and we are competitive and so will have to gauge. But I imagine we would -- the percent would increase if we -- that's what I would think and we'll have to gauge the competitive reactions.
Walter Berman: Yes. So over the course of the year, but over the course of the last number of years there's been a shift from commission-based business to fee-based accounts and that's definitely included for the fourth quarter, but we also seen greater inflow of client activity that has been going to the fee-based business. And so as their advisors continue to look at doing business that way – more of the flows will continue to go into that area. We still saw a very good transactional activity in the fourth quarter, so we didn’t see it as just a shift, we saw it as more client activity with a piece going to commission base, but more so on the trend line to the advised based, fee based business.
Walter Berman: It’s again dealing with cat losses, you have to demonstrate it then non-anomalous and that because they are it’s very tough to pass rate. We have courage; it was really the unique nature of the California fires two of them. The first one of course being the most damaging. That basically, we ate the larger portion on that and it’s – so we will evaluate and the team is evaluating what aspects will be then put into pricing and then obviously we have to be competitive, and ensure and pass through the years state filters, but certainly it will be evaluating if it is part of the regular trend line and is incorporated we will stop pricing for it.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. We feel very good about the value proposition we have and our ability to track advisors. We tracked advisors not just from the protocol firms. Today we tracked them from firms that weren't in the protocol as well. And we have a good process in place. So we feel very good about our ability to continue to recruit appropriately if advisors are interested in joining us. We are in the protocol and so we’re remaining in. And so from that perspective we’ll continue to recruit in the marketplace and we feel that our value proposition is strong.
James Cracchiolo: Well, the new recruits coming in, our average productivity on them are actually pretty strong. They are actually above the average across our system right now, particularly in the employee channel. So that was quite good. But as I said, it does take up to three years for ramp-up, some sooner than others. But the nature on averages it takes two to three years for them to ramp up to their productivity. And so as an example if you look at our AAG platform which is the employee platform, you can see it more because the number of recruits there a bit higher against the base, but the productivity of the channel has grown nicely and so has the margins in that channel.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. I think overall as you think about the core of the AAG business that is correct. We do and have added the IPI channel which is a new channel that were still going through an integration of or will over the course of the year, so that's an aside. But as a core of the AAG the answer is yes.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. We’re continuing to look at opportunities that still up in the marketplace or that we think would be of interest to us appropriately. As you know that ones you look at and ones that you can actually do appropriately that make sense. So we're constantly looking at that and will to 2018, we think the marketplace is open in that sense and things will come out this year. So it is something that we have as part of our plans. But there will be small acquisitions along those lines, but ones that we can bolt-on.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. The answer is yes. We’ve had very good strong client activity, new client activity and flows in even where the money being deployed our cash balances are still very consistently high from the new cash flow coming in. So we feel very good about that business. And our advisors are actually generating even nicer increase productivity. And we’re actually going to do a bit more and helping the advisors grows this year. Now that we’re not concentrating on the DOL activities and we’re investing both in technology as well as in a capability over the course of the year to even bring our client experience to life even more so, our advice experience, the digital advice tools that we’re going to put into our advisors hands. So we feel very good. And some of the things Walter said is investment it's in some good technology including and some of our contact activities and engagement activities for clients. So over the course of the year we’re continuing to really deploy and invest in better capabilities to help our advisors even be more engaged.
James Cracchiolo: Sure. Before I go there I just want to say that 435 RBC that we reported actually is above the standard. So we're starting at a good place from that standpoint. As relates to the – you’re saying is the loss 13, that was a PTI loss. That was not claims. That was not all claims. The majority I would say about only 30%, 40% was claims and that related to basically experience of having new claims come in and cohorts that were higher than on daily payouts and we book it. We do not believe that will change. Our active reserve adequacy as we look at and we did extensive analysis and that trend line has now subsequently changed. The other parts of it, we had around $4 million to $5 million loss in LTC which is normal. We have that. And then the other part was really, we had to do with timing issue that we looking at transfers and some lapsing that we didn’t pick up the exact amount. But again it is -- we feel extremely comfortable with reserves. It's gone through extensive reviews and certainly we feel that they are adequate and we constantly monitor.
James Cracchiolo: And we have an answer on the question on performance fees. The revenue is 34 billion and the PTI is 16.
James Cracchiolo: No, that one I don’t, I really do not. I don’t want to have to figure out myself, if you don’t mind.
