James Cracchiolo: I’ll let Walter speak first to the dividends that we’re looking at for the Life company. And then I can come back on your last part of the question.
James Cracchiolo: Yeah. I mean for what we might have caused from a disruption. But as I said, there are some larger entity, parent legal entity type of business that we know will come up and do from these arrangements when we did the deal, but again, those things we know that we’re gaining new business in the Institutional channel with higher fees and mandates, as we did in the second quarter. And so we’re looking over the next number of quarters for that to be offset and start to grow again.Andrew Kligerman – UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Like Bank of America or something. All right. Thank you very much. Bye.
James Cracchiolo: Well, I think first of all, we’re in uncharted territory as a country. When you have a risk-free rate of return that everyone benchmarks off of and we have some of the lowest rates here in the United States for government debt, as well as what that triggers off of around the world, I think we’re going to see some change, particularly if we went into default. Now hopefully, what we’re talking about now which is not reasonable, even from those standards as I mentioned, is a downgrade. So I think if I apply that to Ameriprise, clearly, we have good liquidity situations as we look at the capital markets with debt, et cetera, we’re in a good situation. That’s nothing that we have to fund on a short-term basis. We have good flexibility in our portfolios where necessary, if various clients are needing liquidity or get concerned. But our clients actually handled the financial crisis, which was much more we think was much more significant than that regard well, and we maintained strong asset flows and maintained stability. So we’re not expecting anything along those lines. But you know what? We’ve made sure that some of our portfolios have moved a little to the shorter-term and the investment philosophies that Ted and his team, they’ve taken a conservative posture in the quality of assets that they’ve been investing in. We feel good about the owned assets that we have. So we’re going to be like everyone else really monitoring the situation and adjusting when necessary. But we don’t see anything significant, particularly as we see this unfolding right now. Longer-term I think is a larger issue for the country. And that will depend on whether Congress and the President come together with something that’s meaningful rather than just lifting the ceiling. But I think that’s going to affect all of us, not just financial companies, but the overall economy. And you know that from your own analysis and working with the industry.John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: I appreciate your views. Thanks very much, Jim.
James Cracchiolo: Okay. Well, one of the things – let me start a little with Threadneedle. I know in the first quarter, we had to really comment on how that moved to a bit of outflows. There was some increased redemptions that we saw out of the European area, as well as holding on mandates for investment based on what was happening in Japan and the Middle East. And so we had mentioned that we saw stability coming and we saw improvement as we moved out of the April timeframe. And so that’s what we’re seeing now. And so Threadneedle continues I think to gather good mandates. We’ve got our first mandate in Asia this quarter. We’re ramping up our activities there. We think there’s good opportunity. Same thing with flows coming in now from the Middle East again. So the activity has increased. Now third quarter’s always a little slower, as you would know, and but having said that, we didn’t see the volatility that we saw and Europe is settling a little more with what happened in Greece. So hopefully, that will be a bit better as well as we move forward. Retail flows picked up strongly, and so you can never predict that because you’re working through intermediaries, et cetera of what that is, but that looked nicely as a turnaround from the first quarter. With Columbia, as we said, we were actually picking up sales nicely and sales were growing in June; became a bit more of a volatile period for equities and I think you saw that across the industry. July looks like that stabilized again and improved. But you know, listen, we have some things going on right now in the economy and with the country, and so I can’t predict what the flows will be as we look over the next quarter or so. But I feel good about the progress we’ve made with the fund families. We’re now putting the advertising, the wholesalers are to work with one set of group of funds. Their clients don’t have to deal with the proxies and the mergers and et cetera. And we’ve got to be hard at work here. So this is going to take some time to gain the ground that we want. So again, I can’t predict that we’re going to be in inflows and retail in the short-term, but I’m hoping that we’re going to show continued improvement quarter-to-quarter. Institutional, I do feel good about the pipeline there. We know that we’re going to lose some mandates from what we had previously. But we know that going in and so we’re really working on mandates that have good fees, mandates that we have strong investment performance. We have a much bigger and better lineup than we ever had with the combination of the two. We have a stronger Institutional sales team on the ground now gaining traction. We’re off held – we’re out of the hold period on the consultants across the board, so we’re seeing things pick up, but those things continue to take time to build and get in front of people. But so far, the tractions been pretty good and I think you saw that in the second quarter building from the first quarter. So I can’t sit here and tell you I can predict the flows; I can just tell you that I think what we have in place is great, great capability, terrific performance, a motivated team and we’ll deal with the economy and the markets as they unfolded. But again, I think we are someone that could be successful in the marketplace.Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, thank you. And then next issue, on the property casualty personalized insurance business, can you give us a sense of strategically why it make sense for Ameriprise to be in that business. It appears to be subscale and has added some volatility in recent quarters.
James Cracchiolo: Okay. Well, I think you have to look at the components of – so this is a direct affinity-type model and asset level. It is not subscale. And in fact, it’s come over the last few years into a scaled situation. It’s actually one of the better and larger providers in that light and it’s a very attractive space. And if you look at many of the large companies, they’re starting to figure out whether they need to be there looking at Progressive and others. We were just rated in the top five and that’s ahead of all the majors in Auto & Home in client satisfaction, which is pretty significant and there’s only a few names there that are more smaller and probably less visible to the broader public there. We actually have a very good model, a good underwriting model. So even if you look at the major storms that hit the Midwest and the South and the billions that it cost the industry, we had $15 million in cat losses, so that’s again quite manageable through a very volatile period. In the Auto area, just so you know, in certain areas, you do get spikes in bodily injury or PIP, et cetera. It’s across the industry. We’ve actually now put in rate increases in those areas and we’ve adjusted where we underwrite even a bit more. But Walter said the claims have come down. That was sort of a quarter, quarter-plus blip, so we don’t know whether that’s – it didn’t look like or realize to be at this point based on the next two quarters. So I wouldn’t say that one blip should be a big black mark because we had good earnings from this business over multiple periods. We scaled it up. We’re getting good returns on capital there. We got good underwriting. We save our clients as they take these policies on average $500 a year based on and we have very high satisfaction. And so we think it is a complement. It’s not necessarily an integrated part of the court to point you reference. So strategically, we do have flexibility as we think about it, but we think it’s a nice complement. It gives us some diversification and we think it does provide a good consumer benefit that we can gain relationships over time with. But as, of course, we’ll always evaluate it if things change, but outside of this sort of blip period, we got a good business here and I think one that as we continue to invest and scale up will be worth a lot – and it worth a lot of money today.Jay Gelb – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you for the answers. 
James Cracchiolo: And we’ll update all of that based on what unfolds here over the next quarter. So definitely by the analyst meeting, but maybe probably by the next time on the third quarter.Alexander Blostein – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Understood. And then last one for me –
James Cracchiolo: Well, what I would say is, you know, as you saw, we started when we started the program, and we started where we saw an opportunity. And then we slowed that down during the latter part of last year, and then we accelerate it again based on what we saw happening with the value of the company as well as the flexibility we have. So I’m not going to pigeon hole it to a quarterly number. But what I would just say is the stock is attractive. We have capital. We also will make sure that we look out for good opportunities. But we have the flexibility to do what we think is appropriate to return to shareholders. So let me just leave it at that, not to be tied to anything that won’t give me the flexibility to operate.Alexander Blostein – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Understood. Thanks, guys.
James Cracchiolo: So I’ll start, Walter wants to complement. Based on this extent of the gross-up that we’re doing with the TA, which is pretty significant, and I don’t think we realize that impact against the margin target when they made this adjustment to tell you. It is a 200-basis-points change against that goal from 25% to 23%. So if you look at it now, if you pull that out and we’re doing it the way when we set up the goal even last year, you would find that the 19.4 number would go up adjusted just by pulling out the gross revenue and the expense based on making that change. So the goal in itself hasn’t changed. The accounting based upon what we made the change has caused the GAAP margin to get compressed. But the range of improvement from when we started, if you pull out that accounting change, would still get you to 25%. So we can look at it one of two ways. We can report to you every quarter what that gross-up is and adjust for it so that we can say 19.4 becomes 20 some, 21-plus percent against the 25, or we can say to you that’s the way we’re going to report it and the 25 is really 23. Now over time, what I would hope we would do is talk about the adjusted margin number and I would hope to say to you that 35% I want to get to 40%. But you can see the difference even there on a grosser net is due to that in and out. So I would say, Suneet, if it was helpful, we would say to you if you want to track it based on reported, that the 25% is 23%. But again, I have no problem, or Walter has no problem, if you want to stick to the 25% that we try to identify what that gross-up is every quarter and report it to you. So it’s one of two ways, but –
James Cracchiolo: I just want to be clear for someone. If it’s not clear, maybe we have to do a little spreadsheet on it. We have not changed the goal from when we started against the base business as it was done when we acquired Columbia. EPN came in last year, and when we actually acquired Columbia, we realized that their accounting was not including it on a gross basis the way it is that we want to adjust it like we used to do it. So that’s really what occurred after we set the target. Remember, we set the target before we ever closed on Columbia. And so we’re just trying to be clear with you, but the goal and the improvement over what was the core of the business has not changed.Suneet Kamath – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Okay. I guess I’d vote for more detail just until we get to maybe the Investor Day this year, and then you just give us the adjusted margin target so we can all kind of talk about what I think you guys are referring to as the more important measures. That would be kind of my advice.
James Cracchiolo: Excellent question. We, as we said, we’re continuing to analyze our situation. I mean the stock has pulled back a lot in the period. We’re looking at the market environment, looking at opportunities and these are the things that we have cross-discussed with our Board to make sure that we’re taking everything into account for the best overall return over time to the shareholders. So, Suneet, your hypothesis, your evaluation, is right on. Those are the things we think about and those are the things that we’ll continue to have discussion on. So I’d like to probably leave it at that at this point in time knowing that I’ve received good input from people such as yourself.Suneet Kamath – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Okay, thanks.
James Cracchiolo: Well, Eric, I’ll start, then Walter. I think on the dividend side, it is sustainable based on many of our clients have reinvestment plans appropriate, particularly as we look at the VIP funds in the Annuity area, et cetera. And you know we have a very good business there. So that’s a real positive versus the industry that there is a higher level on those distributions that come out. And so that’s one thing. As far as the number by quarter, I’ll ask Walter because he can probably answer that a little better from what we’re tracking.
James Cracchiolo: Great. So thank you for asking for the clarification. Yeah, I guess it could be misinterpreted, as you actually just said it. When we meant it went back to the way it was prior to June. So it was improving again and not getting that ratchet effect of what we saw in June. And that was really talking domestic. From an international perspective, in July, we don’t – I don’t have a lot of that information yet. But it looked like it continued good flows through the June period. It didn’t look like June had the effect that we had in the U.S. And so I can’t tell you what July looks like in Europe, but I’m not expecting any radical change. And hopefully based on things settling down in Europe with Greece, hopefully that will become a little more stable.
James Cracchiolo: I want to thank everyone. I know we had adjusted the time today. We know that there was a number of other earnings releases coming out, so we wanted to give you an opportunity in case that you were double booked. And we hope that we’ve been clear with the information we’re providing. We’re trying to give you more. You can look at what we’ve given you in the supplements so that you can do your analysis. Alicia is going to be around working with you if you have any other questions or comments. I will leave you with this thought. I know it’s always hard quarter-to-quarter and there’s a lot of ins and outs last year. So for you to crack some of those against this year, I can understand some of the questions and some of the differences. So we’re going to try to get better and be clearer. Last year, there wasn’t a lot of going on with the DAC unlockings and the mean reversions and the market changes. But we feel like we’re getting to a more normalized period now. We feel the business is operating quite well. As I said, you can’t market-to-market, day-to-day. There’s always going to be variations in the businesses that we’re in, but the trend line if you look over the quarters, if you look at what we said we wanted to do and how we’re doing it, we are executing. We are getting good results. The profitability in these segment, whether even at the margins were at, et cetera, are quite good compared to the industry, quite good compared to generating and the type of scale businesses we now have. And so we feel good, and as we’ve said, we try to communicate to you that we have good flexibility. We’re one of the few people buying back stock at this level if you look at our cap level and look at our capital, and having the flexibility that we have today, though the environment has proved out there. So we’ll continue to look at the best ways to deploy that, the best ways to continue to invest for growth. We don’t want to stop at where we are. We feel we are on a good trajectory. We want to continue that, given markets are reasonable and hopefully our government will do their work as we’re all trying to do so that we can get back to a good step. So thank you and if there’s anything else, please let us know and we’ll continue to try to communicate as best we can. Have a great day.
Walter Berman: Yes, Andrew. It’s Walter. We are anticipating that we will bring that ratio down to under 500. That’s correct. You heard it. And the amount is probably going to be in the area around $850 million as we work through it. We just have to get the approval from the state, but we don’t see any problem.
Walter Berman: Hey, sure. John, as it relates to Threadneedle, the Threadneedle pattern is different than we’ve experienced because basically we’ve reconfigured the plan, working with the management at Threadneedle to allow it to not be mark-to-market, and you’ll see that impact in 2012. But there were certain amortization accelerations that are taking place and also a higher amount was granted on the conversion of the older. So you’ll see that pattern continuing possibly for the next quarter and then it’ll go back. And candidly, it’s not really resulted in appreciably-higher economic outlook; it’s just changed the characterization of it. On the bodily injury, the Auto & Home, yes, it’s continued. And there, we are seeing encouraging signs, both in severity and in frequency, and we’re monitoring that situation. We are however still booking at the high loss rate, reserving at the level that was from 2010. If this trend continues, we will obviously revisit that.John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Okay.
Walter Berman: On the SOP, that is something – actually that is continuing, and we indicated that from that standpoint; it would continue. And the other factor, of course, was the cat losses which took place, which was way above what we thought, but again, certainly versus industry stands quite good.John Nadel – Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: Okay. So just a final one – so just a follow-up, on the UL reserving one, I mean we’re at the point where we’ve lapped that higher level of reserving, correct? So from here, it’s just sort of a run rate.
Walter Berman: I don’t think anything has changed. I think we just are making you aware of the impact factor of those two items. And we’re just trying to – just recalibrate from that standpoint. Nothing has changed. It’s just as these are big gross-ups and they have an impact on margin. That’s all we’re letting you know.
Walter Berman: I think – actually I don’t think we’ve quantified it, but as again, it depends on how long it goes and what level. But you would see, and I think we’ve talked about it in the $30 million, $40 million range.
Walter Berman: The only thing I can really at this end point, is when we did set that up and we disclosed it all, those programs were not in – understood certainly EPN was not there. So when we evaluate it, and while we are tracking, and certainly we are beginning to see the drag of that. And as Jim said, we’re going to certainly try and go from the 34.9% up to 40% and certainly increase our margins, but if the EPN program is quite a large program, and the transfer agency we announced, we made the alignment last quarter. But the EPN is the larger of the issue, and that is large. And as it’s large, it certainly is very beneficial for the company, but it does have an impact on the margins. So we’re just giving that information.
Walter Berman: All right, okay. Let me answer the question this way. I do believe it is sustainable and what drives it is the shift that we are seeing as we continue to generate substantial earnings growth in our AWM and our Asset Management business. We also are gaining the benefit the markets being where they are, are certainly lowering the requirement for the Annuities business. And so from that standpoint, if the current trend line stay was the market staying in these ranges, I believe that is sustainable with the shifts we’ve seen in our mix. And that’s why we report it that way because we used to talk you about as new business is actually a lot of activity going on, the total business which creates that 90/10 situation. So I do believe that it is sustainable in the current external environment.Suneet Kamath – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Okay. My last question for Jim is, so given the pieces that we’re talking about here, significant amount of excess capital generation every quarter, a significant amount of excess capital on the balance sheet, even with the capital re-deployment that you’ve done, and then a stock price that’s obviously a lot lower than where it has been earlier. Would you consider doing something like an accelerated buyback on the assumption that you still have debt capacity if you came across an acquisition opportunity, given where your debt-to-capital ratio is? Thanks.
Walter Berman: All right. So obviously on the math, the 19.4% is the start point. And then we talked about the 200 basis points that is relating to the gross-up, which if that wasn’t there, would have been 200 basis points higher. The Threadneedle, I haven’t actually done the calculation on the seven, I’ll be candid. But it looks approximately right from that standpoint. As I indicated, we’ll get a little bit of carryover into the third quarter on the Threadneedle again. And then it will dissipate and go into a normal pattern. So if the math is right on the seven, yeah, I guess you can take it and add it to that point.
Walter Berman: The 23% was, we were going to achieve that in – if we’re using 23% now versus 25%, we said we would achieve that in 2012 timeframe.
Walter Berman: That’s exactly – we grossed it up. That’s right. We grossed it at revenue; PTIs did not change at all.
