Walter Berman: It’s actually totally because the hedges actually just offset the basic liability that we had and so they act in unison with it so it actually provided the protection we needed and so it is totally available for distribution.
Walter Berman: I do not believe it will. We have discussed this and reviewed this with the rating agencies and as again, it is a non-cash event and on that basis they’ve viewed it and they feel that we’re within the ranges that could allow us to continue on the repurchasing.
Walter Berman: Suneet, we’ll continue to review the opportunity for repurchase as well as other forms of redeployment. What we would say is that we’re trading way below our intrinsic value so we saw it is a good opportunity in the third quarter and we’ll continue to review it appropriately as we move forward.
Walter Berman: I think it is that while certain of the parts certainly fluctuate with it, there are elements that don’t as it relates to some are tied to account fees, some are tied to wholesaling and other factors. So it will eventually, you get the timing differentials so we anticipate that timing differential will adjust itself, and as you saw, the net change was about $13 million when you take the distribution revenue minus the distribution expense, we had an additional $13 million. We don’t see an issue with that; it will adjust itself.
Walter Berman: It will come back in next – it depends on what happens to the markets and other things of that nature, but it will – it’s more of a timing – I don’t have the exact elements of it, but certainly it will be driven by the market and it will happen obviously depending on how markets move, because it’s not a perfect correlation.
Walter Berman: Yeah, as I indicated, the bulk of the synergies will hit the $130 million range as we talked about for 2011. With the delay on the reengineering, that will carry over into 2012 as we implement the one-time charge activities and we do complete the final integration and we are on track to be through 2012 in the $140 million range on our synergies.
Walter Berman: Yes, they are. Obviously, take a look through the third quarters, about $182 million and they will be higher and we are assessing that right now.
James Cracchiolo: On the long-term care, that was a reserve adjustment based upon actuaries evaluating it, they made a statutory reserve adjustment and that was something that has been evaluated and was implemented in the third quarter. On the interest, we are continuing evaluating that, and obviously, we do not see it having a significant impact as the schedules indicated and we will then have to evaluate it if it does continue beyond the two years that we discussed, ‘12 and ‘13. But we certainly feel our capital and our earnings capacity, we’ll be able to deal with it in the near-term and then we’ll have to evaluate what changes have to be post that.
James Cracchiolo: Well, I think we get – the majority of it is not encumbered. We will get permission from the Superintendent of Insurance and we are in the process of doing that. We do not see an issue with that.
James Cracchiolo: Sure. First and foremost, it is totally appropriate the level that we’re doing, write down from that standpoint and it primarily focuses on the nature of the business and written through the inside channel, and certainly if you look at the components, if you look at the comp component and then the selling rate as it relates to the DAC that you would have in those two components, the impact relates to an inside channel. Those elements under the new rules of being a successful sale are more subject to reversal from that standpoint of the policy that was in effect prior. So since we have the bulk of our activity through the inside channel, that’s where the impact is coming on the reversal of that DAC; whereas if you sold in an outside channel, most of that is absorbed through the comp rate and which is again tied to a successful sale, so therefore it does not get reversed. So we’ve been through this, we’ve reviewed it, we’ve reviewed it with our auditors and certainly have been evaluated it and we feel it’s totally appropriate based upon the type of business and the focus in the channel that it evolved from.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. As you are aware, we had mentioned over the last few quarters that we’ve been expanding our distribution with Threadneedle to the other regions of the world and one of the ones that we started to really develop last year was the Middle East, and over the course of the year we’ve been winning mandates coming from the Middle East. We’ve also expanded recently to Asia and we think that, that will start also come to bear some fruit as we move to the next number of quarters as well. So we do believe that it is something sustainable. Threadneedle has excellent product. As you know, based on what we’ve experienced in Europe and the sovereign debt crisis, we experienced some lumpiness in redemptions et cetera, because of what has occurred, but that come back quickly again as we saw previously when that picked up again as an issue in Europe earlier in the year. So we do feel like the pipeline for Threadneedle is good, it’s strong, and we can continue to win good mandates. Their investment performance over the cycle has been quite good and they have really good product. And so we think that that will continue.
James Cracchiolo: Thank you. We appreciate you listening in this morning. As I opened the call, even though we’ve experienced another impact from the market environment, stock market being down a lot in the quarter, we do feel like the fundamentals of our business remain quite solid. And as we look across the businesses, we feel very comfortable with the position and the hand that we have. We feel good that if this environment continues, we can navigate even stronger than we did the first time out and in addition to that, we do believe that as markets continue to repair and stabilize, the foundation we have in place, the investments we continue to make and the traction we’re gaining including with the Asset Management businesses as we have really integrated and stabilized them, will bear fruit as we move forward. We have derisked the business, we feel very good about our capital position, volatility is lower, we really have an excellent book in our Annuity business and we have, even though there are the normal exposures from market declines et cetera, on a relative size and scale, it’s very manageable for the size and scope of our business and the diversity of our business and the capital position. So we will update you even further as we talk at our financial community meeting which is November 16 at 8:00 a.m. at the New York Stock Exchange and we look forward to having a very good conversation with you and outlining how we’ll continue to make progress as we move forward and also to discuss any of what you might think as issues or concerns in the environment so that we can actually quantify that for you and qualitatively give you how we think about it so that you can make informed decisions. So we appreciate your time, and thank you very much, and look forward to speaking to you further.
