James M. Cracchiolo: So, as you saw in the first quarter, we attracted 65 high-quality recruits into the business. I think the recruiting is a little slower in the first quarter with the markets that ran, people were staying put a little more. I do believe that the market is very competitive and some of the competitors are actually, I think, being a little more irrational in that regard. So, we’re much more focused on quality people that really think about where they need to associate. They want to build good practices, become more productive, want the support they need to do that, and those are the type of people that we’ve been focused on.
James M. Cracchiolo: No, Suneet. I think when we look at the asset management, we do believe what we have put together the technology and the capabilities and the geographical type of makeup, there is an opportunity for us to further get efficiencies in the asset management and that’s very much our focus. In regard to the other business and across the company from a corporate perspective, we again feel like there’s an opportunity for us to even tighten our operating model a bit more and get even a bit more efficiency based on combination of the technology and other capabilities that we put in place and how we’re operating, including geographically. So, we’re looking at that. It’s not because of any external pressure per se. It’s something that you know that we’ve done over cycles as we reengineer and continue to invest. But at the same time, we are making good new investments in AI and data and analytics and technology platforms in cybersecurity. And so, what we’re trying to do is we know that we want to invest and we know that if we can get some other efficiencies on the expense base, that’s always helpful for us. And we can’t dictate what the market conditions are, but it gives us flexibility.
James M. Cracchiolo: Well, as you saw, I mean, we have a lot of cash balances and a lot are invested in whether it be money market, brokered CDs, our own certificate programs, etcetera. Even in our bank now, we have higher savings products, etcetera. So no, because what’s left in sweep is more of that transactional liquidity type thing, just like you maintain in your bank account sort of, but in this case, it’s for activity within the overall business that they have and maintain and the cash moves. So, if everything was sitting in sweep, then the answer would probably be yes, but that’s not the case.
James M. Cracchiolo: What we look as we said is, we look to associate people that really feel that we can add value to their practices and what we can bring. We look at other things that may make sense for us, but again, we’re not just looking to roll up firms and put it on a network. We really look for people to join us and build out under what we provide from a client experience perspective. So, that’s the way we go about thinking about it.
James M. Cracchiolo: So, Tom, as you look like even in the first quarter, what we saw, it was a nice increase in core business activities. And, what you had a little more is on the cash side, that came off a little bit in total contribution to the margin. And so, when you look at the totality of it, that underlying business, particularly as you kind of combination of business that’s their transactional wrap fee business, and what they’re sitting on the cash sidelines coming back in, which would give us higher margins if it’s not in the cash certificates, brokerage other things like that. So, I would probably say there’s a good opportunity there based on people cycling back into the markets. We saw a nice start to increase in fixed income, again rather than just short-term cash. So, I think there’s some of that that will occur. Part of that’s from the new flow as you said, but part of it’s really from the core of what came in and what’s sitting there. And so, I would probably say in the past year or two, a bit more of that has been in the cash side. And when that cash goes into money market or into brokered CDs, etcetera, that doesn’t give us as much margin, and that should come back in.
James M. Cracchiolo: I didn’t look at exactly how much of the new flow came and went right into the market yet. I would probably say it’s relatively consistent, because our advisors don’t put it all to work immediately when it comes in. So, I would probably look at it that way that it’s probably relatively the same at this point.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. So, we’re looking at that now and obviously we do have buffers in the sweep account. So, it would be, we haven’t decided on the amount yet. We will just evaluate, but it will increase. It’s certainly not at the levels we’ve increased previously, but certainly there’s potential to increase it. And, then of course we’re going to be picking up basically interest earnings on basically when we reposition the $3 billion each year. So, I would say that it’s, will be increasing, but, and then also we’ll be launching other products there too. So it’s a combo, and we certainly have room to do that.
James M. Cracchiolo: So, we do evaluate different possibilities. But as I said, I think our business is performing really well. I mean, even in long-term care, I mentioned about we’re earning $16 million but even if you look over the last four quarters, we had some nice positive income and we think that’s pretty stable now. And so, if an opportunity came along that made sense for us with a good strategic type of partner or on a reinsurance type, we will be very open to explore that. But, on the other side, I think we have a really good hand and it gives us a lot of free cash flow and again good solutions. And, we have a real large complement of solutions on our shelf. So, it’s not like we have to be the provider, we’re not. So, we pick our spots, but we feel good about it. But again, we will always look at if there’s a better opportunity for us.
James M. Cracchiolo: So, on the expense side, Alex, certainly we will garner a reasonable amount in ‘24, but there’ll be carryover and certainly of the initiatives that we take in ‘24 and then of course the ones that will continue. So, you should expect that this is part of, we’ve always done reengineering, but this I would say is an improved trajectory as we look at it and the opportunities to process reengineer.
James M. Cracchiolo: Oh, I mean, listen, it’s hard to say because it does depend a little bit on market conditions. And what I mean by market conditions it’s like the equity market has been up strong. But, if you look at how fast it ran and then you looked at where rates dropped so quickly initially on the long-end of the curve and now that’s starting to come back up again and they are up nice again back to a more reasonable level. I do believe that there is an opportunity as people start to think about rotating back into fixed income for the longer term as well as with the equity markets do pull back as they have over the last month, so to speak, and become a little more, what I would call, less reliant on just a few of the high-tech stocks, etcetera, you will see a rotation back in because of that amount of money is abnormal to sit on the sidelines. But again, at a 5% rate, in the short-term, it makes sense. And, it’s not like our clients or advisors are active traders back in and out of the market. So, I do believe that as they are able to read what that market is over time and they feel more that it’s not like they’re getting caught on the high-end, that money will start to rotate. Now, how much goes back in, it’s anyone’s guess, but we’re no different than what you see out there across the industry today. We saw some flows as an example even our asset management on our growth side start to pick up a little and same thing in fixed income, but some in equities. So, I think some of that money will go back, but it was a high-point as we hit last year because of the cycle.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes, we just came up with a segment of that fixed pledge as well. And so, that is also going to help grow. So yes, we’re probably still underpenetrated on the pledge side of it compared to some others that we think will be an opportunity for us.
James M. Cracchiolo: And, we are signing some small deals. We don’t put them out there as much to publicize them, but we are bringing in some other deals and our pipeline is good. So again, the larger ones, we wanted to really do Comerica really well, etcetera. And so, we’ve learned a lot from it and set up our capabilities. So, we think there’s an opportunity as well in that category.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. I mean, some of it was a bit elongated that you would expect the fundings or even the cycle. But there is a growing interest back again, both in the fixed income area as well as in the equities. So, we actually think that this will pick up as we go further into the year. And, the mandates that we sort of lost in the first quarter were sort of some lower fee or pension things like that they’re a little lumpy in that regard. So, but we feel that we can win some more as we go forward that the appetite is there out there in the industry, both not just in the U.S., but internationally. So, we’re very much focused on that.
James M. Cracchiolo: We had some of the remnants of the changes we made that came out in the first quarter that was in the flow picture. But no, we don’t expect more from that.
James M. Cracchiolo: So, we actually, we continue to buy back nicely. I mean, in the first quarter it was a little less than we normally have done but that will pick up as we go through the year. And, I think, Walter had mentioned that we’re targeting initially around the 80% mark. And then as we said, we just raised the dividend again, that will take some more of the cash. But, we still have a healthy balance sheet. We’re not out there looking to acquire per se. There’s always if there’s an opportunity or the market falls out or something that gives us value, we’ll look at it. But, we’re very much focused on continuing to invest organically and really focused on getting the operating efficiencies, particularly in the asset management business now. And, we feel good about that, including what we do from an overall investment cycle for our technology and capabilities and products. I mean, we’re working on a number of different new product areas for us in asset management, like active ETFs, etcetera. So, we feel good. We’re looking to build out a little further on our international property areas, etcetera, our CLO business. So, there are things that we’re investing in a bit more organically as well. But again, we don’t rule out acquisitions, but we’re not necessarily looking to target things at this point.
James M. Cracchiolo: Well, we certainly have the capacity to do that and we evaluated on optimistic situation as we look at it. But yes, we do have the capacity at this stage. We feel the 80% is a good return level. And, there are other areas that we certainly as I said, we will be growing the bank. So, it would require additional. But, I would say at this stage, we have the capability, we just feel it’s opportunistic. We look at it and then we evaluate it. And, you’ve seen in prior times, we have gone up. But at this stage, we feel the 80% is an appropriate level.
Walter S. Berman: Okay. What we’ve seen in April, is basically a small amount going out before taxes out of sweep. We have started to see some actually shifting out of money market, third-party money markets. Again, I can’t say it’s taxes, but clearly the patterns there, sweep is stable and we’ve seen a little pattern on shifting on money market, third-party money markets.
Walter S. Berman: It won’t be 30%. As I mentioned, Suneet, what you’ll see is that we have each year about $3 billion in each year that will be reinvested. And, you should figure that will pick up, listen, rates stay where they are somewhere 100 basis points to 125 basis points on that. So, that will make a contribution because that will be almost 35% of our total AUM outstanding at the bank. So, it’s going to, I see it continuing. It’s going to slow obviously as we get into the [‘25] (ph) and as we progress through the year, but it will be very healthy and profitability is quite good.
Walter S. Berman: So Tom, as I said last quarter, we certainly looked at the Manulife transaction and we are evaluating it. We really are. We continue to do that and evaluate the trade-offs and certainly it moved the bar and we’re just evaluating that.
Walter S. Berman: Okay. So, on advisor loans, yes, we have increased and certainly we are competitive. So, you should expect that that would increase as we are on trans-com proposals and as we start tracking more and more advisors, but that would stay within our limits. But you should see those loans increasing for sure. And we certainly have the cash capacity to do that.
Walter S. Berman: On distribution, it was payroll taxes and of course you have high distribution when you have higher transactional elements from that standpoint. And as far as the 7% as we indicated, the first quarter usually does flip up, but we are staying within what we’ve indicated in the middle-single-digits, it’s a growth area for us. And so, we’ll be investing, but that’s the target range.
Walter S. Berman: Looking at a bank CDs and certainly, we are really looking at to launching our basic checking capabilities and also new mortgage capabilities, HELOCs and things of that nature. So, there’s a full program that is there, plus, as you know, we have a fairly extensive pledge and that we’ll certainly be looking to penetrate that more. And, that is certainly totally aligned on building the relationship with our clients and deepening that relationship.
Walter S. Berman: Yes. We certainly with Comerica, that has turns out to be a very good relationship. And yes, we have pipeline that we are certainly evaluating and we feel we do have the value proposition not to basically satisfy the clients and really provide them with the capabilities that we provide for basically planning and other aspects from that standpoint.
Walter S. Berman: Yes, it is about $2.5 billion and they are certainly, they are as part of program they are transitioning and we’ll see. We just don’t have the full information now about what that’s going to be. Is probably have a better idea at the end of the second quarter.
