Walter Berman: Sure. Basically during the quarter, we basically assessed that the active claims were increasing, and we, the actuaries basically analyzed it, and we took a level of reserves that we felt was appropriate to basically deal with the experience we're seeing. Again, the experience we're seeing is in younger vintages coming in and we just basically prudently booked the amount of money that we felt was appropriate.
Walter Berman: Okay, so with your restrictions, I'll try and answer that. We do have productivity capability both from the vintaging and certainly based upon the years and the basic legacy advisors. As Jim indicated, we are certainly penetrating our client base, so I certainly feel that will expand, and also our management of expenses prudently and investing on that will give us the opportunity to certainly increase under your condition sets. I do believe we have that capability. Jim, I don't know if you want to add something.
Walter Berman: Yeah, so I think when you look at the various margins, I think they do vary. What you're probably referencing, I think the largest wire houses are in the mid 20s. They incorporate, in my understanding, at least from the work that we've seen, incorporate a number of activities, including a lot more on the banking and the lending activities that they do in their client base. And that really has boosted their margins. I think on a relative margin basis, ours are very competitive to their wealth management activities in that regard. In regard to us versus, or the independents, which we also have a very large independent, we're probably double or triple their margins based upon the retention of our clients, the longevity of our advisors and the productivity. Our productivity is more than double or more of what they do. So I actually feel very good about our margins, but to the point of reference, we can continue to help our advisors grow productivity. We can continue to leverage our capabilities and use the investments to continue to increase those margins, but I would also say that we're very competitive, but we continue to focus on what we can do further.
Walter Berman: It certainly will, as I indicated in my presentation that we anticipate that it's going to go back to the year to date levels, which will average out to around 3%. Right now, it's 3% year to date, so you figure somewhere around, again, it's in that range, but certainly 3%, 4% will be in that range for the fourth quarter.
Walter Berman: Well, we are certainly today competitive and certainly the lion's share as we indicated, both us and the industry on the sweep accounts have been for the broker/dealer. We do anticipate in looking at the situation going forward that as for the next increase, that will be a larger sharing with the clients as we now reach that 1% minimum we talked about. That would be mostly for us.
Walter Berman: Actually it depends on where it goes, but it is both very profitable and the money, which is varied interest being deployed, but yet money is still, the sweep accounts are staying at pretty high levels. I think it only dropped $400 million this quarter. So the profitability range for us is quite good as they deploy or stay in sweep accounts.
Walter Berman: We are certainly going to be complying on 1-1. We believe we are dealing with certainly the reporting requirements. We are certainly – that we feel comfortable with. As it relates to the research, we've already announced that we will basically be absorbing that, and we believe the amount will be manageable, and we're certainly working to make sure we provide the right research to our clients, but also optimize the cost of that.
Walter Berman: So I would say the larger part is due to growth in overall productivity, because we run a very large network. But the year ramp-up continues to be a complement to that, particularly in our employee channel. And the employee channel has actually shown some nice growth in average productivity over the number of years last, you know, one, two, three years, and that continues to actually get good utilization. That also brings up our margin in the employee channel, as we told you before. And so we feel that the year continued recruitment and ramp up is a nice complement, but also when you look at the type of productivity, we're talking about 14% growth in productivity, it has to do with the larger network. Now a piece of that of course is markets where you are managing some of these assets, et cetera, but I would say the larger part of that is really advisors actually continuing to deepen their book and grow their client base activities, and focus on a little more of the clients that are actually bringing in more of the assets at a higher level, as we said, continuing to move up market. So it's a combination of those factors. All of them have contributed, but we also have a very large network. So to get 14% productivity growth, as an example, it takes those type of levers to work.
Walter Berman: Okay, on the last part of that question, probably not a lot really, certainly as we look into 2018. The seasonality is very difficult to forecast because of the aspects of when these properties actually settle and close. So it is a difficult situation. There's no seasonality pattern that – and that what makes it, from our standpoint, forecasting is difficult. It's there. We earn it. It's good income, but it's the timing of it is challenging.
Walter Berman: Relative to the portion that's not reinsured, it was under, I would say, it was under, in the single digit range. And again, we looked at this. It's dealing with the future forecasting, so we tried to be as prudent as possible on it.
Walter Berman: Yes, you will see, as last year when we did it, we announced that with the unlocking that there was a negative that would continue through the SOP and the other elements on a quarterly basis. That's been basically reversed, and it will be substantially less as we move forward between now and the next unlocking. And obviously, the thing that we have to look at is as it relates to VA and others is the markets, where they increase as impact the SOP and the cash [indiscernible].
Walter Berman: Yeah so, Tom, as I indicated, we had that improvement, which is from the unlocking. The bigger factor is on the markets, the equity markets and the interest. And so again, I can't forecast that. And that would – this quarter we had a very good increase which certainly elevated it. If that continues then you have a good run rate. If it doesn't, it will be impacted by that.
Walter Berman: No, I would say, look here, the number you're talking, $15 million, $20 million is a pretty good number that would be a more normalized run rate off that.
Walter Berman: Well, okay, let me start with and maybe Jim will add to it. We talk about that from the standpoint of 90% to 100%, and certainly we would then be opportunistic about it in looking at different aspects of it. So at this stage, I think we have been fairly consistent with that, and as certainly moving from $85 a year ago to $150. But certainly we have the capacity and the capability and we generate, but it is really just gauging that situation to ensure that we're optimizing shareholder return, both for dividends and for buyback. Jim, I don't know if you wanted to add anything.
Walter Berman: This is Walter, I just, we got the answer on the question about the reserves, active and disabled life reserve. It's almost $2 billion.
James Cracchiolo: No. This is Jim. We're continuing to see our advisors get back focused on their businesses and books, and we had implemented a lot of the changes necessary due to the fiduciary standard that was put in place in June. There's still more activity underway there, but people are back focused on serving their clients and getting back to activity. And so we feel that it's getting back to more normalized focus that we had.
James Cracchiolo: Yeah. So there are two aspects very clearly that we have our advisors focused on. One is as there is a transition of wealth to retirement, and how do they actually develop appropriate levels of income checks for their clients over time, our advisors are very much focused on helping the client do that transition and ensure that they can live successfully 30 years in retirement or more. With that, we use our Confident Retirement approaches, which is having tremendous success in looking at the client's complete life. In addition, we're also focused on the people continuing to accumulate and not necessarily ready for that transition, but starting to prepare themselves for the ultimate retirement, and therefore our Wealth Builder approach is also having a nice effect there in focusing our advisors on the asset accumulation, which is really the core of what the old IDS company used to do. And so we're getting back a little more to our roots there. Regarding digital versus non-digital or robo, what we find for our clients – and this is millennials, this is generation X, this is baby boomers – that people want to be served fully, but they want to be served when, where and how they would like. So therefore, the enablement of the digital capabilities to our personal advice relationships is the way we're proceeding. We're enhancing our websites, the mobile capabilities, the ability for our advisors to serve their client through secured messaging and Skyping and various other methods by which they can be in constant contact to their clients. Now, it doesn't mean that we won't further digitally automate. So right now we're working on digital advice, in which case the advisor with the client could even do more things more fully digital, or even through our AAC or remote operations, work digitally with the clients in a more self-serve environment. So those things are underway, but what we find is across our house, if we can digitally enable our activities even more fully with our advisors, that's the way for us to go with our clients.
James Cracchiolo: Yeah, so we continue to make good investments in the business. I think over the last year or so, we had to focus a bit more energy on the regulatory side of it. That's part of our expense base. But we are now starting to refocus those energies back to the core investments. We always kept the core investments, but we probably used a bit more of we had two of the resources in a period of time. So now we're refocusing the resources back to the growth areas, and the new capabilities that we continue to focus on. And we have some good things underway. And so I think to Walter's point, we constantly look at reengineering as a part of our activities, so we think that expenses will increase on a very low rate, continuing with the growth that we continue to get in the productivity and the revenue side, and we reinvest with that, but we don't see that accelerating as an expense issue for us.
James Cracchiolo: We are looking at that right now. I think the level of research that we and others consume is something that we are quantifying on a greater level of detail. But with that, what is necessary and appropriate and what is the rates that are necessary and appropriate for us to pay for it. So a tremendous work is going on right now, and so we'd rather wait until we have that full diagnostic and what we will be doing moving forward, and then we could give you that update.
James Cracchiolo: Suneet, I think Walter's comment, but he can comment, was more around that over the course of the year, we brought in very good advisors that have larger books and productivity, in which case it's not just the number, but it's the size of the advisors that we're bringing in. So that the upfront cost of that is a bit higher, but the productivity we're bringing in is a bit higher. So that's in combination with how we've adjusted the accruals and also some mark-to-market under the deferred comp based on the market price of the stock, et cetera. So there's a combination of things that were in the expense quarter for the Advice & Wealth Management business. So I hope that clarifies it a little more for you.
James Cracchiolo: No, I think it's fine. And we also did two small acquisitions in complement to that during the quarter. So we'll continue to deploy appropriately. We're still north of 100% in our buyback. And so we're generating good earnings, and we're returning it at a substantial rate, but we're also looking to do some incremental bolt-ons, which we're starting to do here and there. So I think you could take it as we're going to continue to return.
James Cracchiolo: It is obviously going to be based on competitive, but it certainly it would move to a more sharing range. I just, I can't handicap it because it's really going to be based upon competitive situations.
James Cracchiolo: Well, we think it's a very good property that we think we can help them continue to grow, and there's opportunity to add to their book over time. I think with this business, like anything, it's more of a slower build. And so we think that it will accrete for us over time. But there shouldn't be any major impact to the financials over the next year or so.
