James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. It's -- as we mentioned to you last year, what we've been doing is stepping up our efforts of getting our product suite into some of the larger platforms out in the industry for the intermediary distribution. Some of the larger wire houses and third-party channels. And so we're seeing -- winning some of the mandates now to get onto their platforms and their model portfolios. That would help us start to actually increase our wholesaling activities in support of that. It does take time, but we're beginning to get considered now for some of the fund groups that we have, particularly in the large-cap areas that are starting to complement our wholesaling activities. So once you get onto the model portfolios given in some of the larger houses, that can help you step up your third party sales activities. And so, we're seeing more of that activity occurring. We are being considered in getting in there and we've stepped up our efforts in that regard. So it's sort of a sort of preview for the idea that we think that we can get increased sales going there. And we saw a rise in sales last year across these channels, I think in the fourth quarter, it was actually pretty good until December and December weakened a bit, and I think the industry saw some of that as well.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes, I think it will take time to continue to develop, but we would hope to see some improvements through '14 and stronger activities into '15. But again, we're working hard at that. We're stepping up some of our marketing due diligence activities this year in these channels becoming some preferred providers in the channel. So we hope that, that will ramp up over the course of the year, because we believe, we have some good products that would make sense against some of the competitors out there.
James M. Cracchiolo: No. I think, we're considering -- we're continuing to manage the expense base quite well. I think, what we've alluded to more is that similar to what we did last year, we're launching a new campaign this year, really talking about our confident retirement approach. We probably are putting a little more of that activity that would be web-based in complement to our top line advertising. But the amounts will be relatively consistent with last year. We just heavy up a little bit more in the first 4 months of the year because that's the prime time for us to advertise. And then it starts to go low again and then it picks up again in the fourth quarter. But it should be similar trend lines to what you saw in 2013. We're probably just making a more of a statement around how we're going to be focusing our efforts that we think will help our approach out in the marketplace.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. So part of the reduction you see in the total particularly in the employee area was mainly due to -- we have a -- we call it our remote center, our AAC, which handles some of our client activities in centralized sites, and we made a restructuring of those areas. So that we can move to a bit more -- a different type of model that we think will even be more effective and in so doing it, we reduced about 100 people in that channel. And so the activity per employee there was very low. They're not season producers, and that's really the reason for the reduction. But if you look at the productivity that we brought in and the people that we're maintaining with the retention, the productivity of the channel has increased nicely and as I mentioned to you, we brought that channel now into profitability. We're still in the low single digits in margin and that should rise now beginning this year and continue to ramp up over time as the producers we brought on board become more productive. So the headcount that you're looking at was mainly driven by that adjustment, which is really in sort of a remote channel that handled some of our client activities that have moved from our advisor base out in the field to centralized.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. I -- we don't see any material change. I mean, again it depends on what occurs over the next number of months and what the effect is -- how material. But we see a continuation of a good level of activity. It's hard to judge week to week right now just based on the nature of it. But we haven't seen any material shift.
James M. Cracchiolo: Okay, so I would say, our pipeline, as we enter the new year, looks really good for us, as a continuation, as we sort of ended the third and fourth quarter. So we see that continuing. We're really recruiting from a number of different sources, so it does include the combination of the wire houses, but also some independents. And we're seeing good people come on board. The productivity we're averaging is now pretty consistent with our total of what you've seen that we've reported, which is in the mid-400 to 500 ranges. And so it's a consistent type of per person that we see into the level of productivity that we have here.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. We roughly have, for that total, about $15 billion and about 5 to 6s in the institutional line is in retail. The person that we have was actually a long-time PM that used to be at Columbia and actually had excellent performance in the mid and large cap value area. She actually had relocated over to London, a number of years ago, for relocation family reasons and she now -- she was part of that team for the last 4 years. She has excellent performance records. In fact, better than the team that left, part of the team that left. And she will be assuming full responsibility for the area. She will also be able to, even more formally, writeoff of a research we have in the U.S. since she is very familiar with it and we have great research capabilities that can really enhance the U.S. stock picking at Threadneedle. And so that the -- our investment offices there are quite excited about that opportunity. So listen, we're going through a change there, but we believe that we'll put in good resources and can continue to manage good money there. There may be some dislocation in the short term, as always occurs, but it's fortunate that we have a strong person there that can lead that team and shown from her past success.
James M. Cracchiolo: Well, I would say, we're seeing good traction in a number of areas. Like we've said in the institutional, we've got good traction in Europe. I think, we're going to start to actually garner some greater flows from some global activities that we have started to work on and some of the products that we're putting into the market over time. And the U.S. activity, we see sales increasing and what we have to do is manage over some of the combination of the ex-parent books of business that we had, as well as just some of the spottiness from some of the things that we're continuing to be in redemption mode. So I don't want to sit and predict that we're going to be in net inflows as we go forward, but I would say that we're gaining traction. I do believe that it's going to be a bit lumpy. But I feel that we have some good product, that we are stepping up levels of activity in certain areas. But I think, as you just asked regarding the margins, et cetera, we feel like we have a good profitable business that we're able to make good investments. But it's -- this is a very competitive field and it's blocking and tackling everyday and that's what we need to do this year.
