Jim Cracchiolo: Okay. I’ll start. When we look at the flow rate from a client perspective, we still feel very good about the ability to bring in client flows and where we’re approaching the market, particularly as we move a bit more upmarket. As you would imagine, I mean, there are some blips and not blips depending on where you are in the season. I think people for the summer time things slowed a bit. But we don’t see that as sort of a trend line down. We see it as more of a sustainable based on what we’re doing, how advisers are engaged and how they are attracting clients and activity in the marketplace. So we still feel very good about our ability to continue on the client flow rate. As far as the Comerica – you want to mention…
Jim Cracchiolo: So as you saw, first on the fee level, it’s been very stable, which is very positive. Again, you’re going to always have some adjustments based upon where the assets and the type of assets, institutional retail. But from an outlook perspective, we’re just beginning our expense tightening there. You saw a reduction in expense around 3% on FX adjusted. But we feel there is a good opportunity for us as we look at our global operating environment now that we’ve fully integrated the BMO acquisition onto our global platforms. And now we’re looking at how we tighten those processes, how we improve the efficiency, the operating effectiveness and where resources are located, etcetera. So we’re taking a very hard look at that and we’re at the beginning stages of that, not the end.
Jim Cracchiolo: So Alex, we’re definitely in that review now. What I would say is to start the G&A would be flat at best, meaning it works in a sense of that it’s not going up.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, and remember, you got merit in other things that occur, but we are going to absorb all of that and we are looking for it not to be higher than flat.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So, as we mentioned, recruiting was a bit slower in the third quarter, but it started to bounce back towards the latter part of the quarter. July started a bit slower. I think people – vacations and other things as you probably saw around the country. But we saw that bounce back in September. The pipeline is quite strong that we think we will get back to our consistent rate. And then you mentioned a little bit of an uptick in attrition. The attrition really in that channel was mainly due to assistant financial advisors, which is again, the turnover there is a bit higher. All the franchisees, their retention rate is still at all-time highs and that book of business stays. So, it’s more of some assistance in their practices as they make some changes. So, we don’t see any change in where we were.
Jim Cracchiolo: The second part you mentioned is the opportunity to bring in more external cash if I understood that correctly. And yes, we are very much focused. As we said, we initially put a savings product. We are looking at more of a preferred type of thing to bring one fashion [ph] from other – from the clients other outside banking activities. We are going to be putting in place a full checking account and then some various lending products as well. So, we will look to establish a more full-fledged banking activity, with the ability to attract more assets externally into the bank that would also help bring more assets onboard in total for the client activities for the advisors.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So Suneet, I think that’s really the larger question, right. And that depends on how people feel about the market and where rates are going forward, right. So, I think if you saw the market over the last number of quarters that – it increased tremendously with a lot of volatility and people were concerned, right. A few stocks drove that up. Now, you see a pullback occurring, right. So, I think if the market starts to feel like it’s on a better, more solid footing, I think people will start to deploy back. I also think that as rates, if they stabilize on the long-term up where they are rather than continue to rise, you will see money move from the short to the long-term to lock it in, right, and get that appreciation and the spread. So, I don’t have a crystal ball. But I think we are holding extra cash for the reason that we feel a little bit regarding the environment and where the markets are. But that will go back. People don’t hold that amount of cash at that percentage that we are seeing right now. And I think that’s across the industry, not just in our channel. So – but it’s good. It stays with us right now. And when it’s ready to deploy, our advisors will definitely do it. They look – we are investing for the long-term, not just to take advantage of the market in the short-term.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. We are looking to do that over the course of the New Year. So, we are looking to phase that in. And right now, we are just looking at the climate and looking at the operating activities for that. So, we feel good about getting things up and running in the bank in more of a full-fledged fashion. So, it will be periodic. We will alert you to it as we go about.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. And Suneet, I mean across the firm, we are going to look for that to be pretty – managed pretty tightly, okay. So, I mean I don’t have a firm number at this point in time. But as I have said, I feel good to start with about G&A flat.
Jim Cracchiolo: Over the last number of years, it’s performed better than we expected in many instances and improved in that sense. And we haven’t factored in some of the other things that has affected pre-COVID as a positive yet.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. And again, I think if you start to see a change in the rate environment and the markets stabilize, there is money being held out and Mike Barker [ph] see using stuff that when they mature could possibly come back in. And when money is more active in investing, then they keep more in the sweep and the balances to deploy. So, there is a number of different variables. We can’t really predict that, but our cash rate that’s holding in sweep is pretty low. So, if anything, we think that if activity picks up, that could increase again.
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, I would probably say, the first and foremost would be, as I have said, with the markets, I would think that more would go back to work in solutions like wrap that would have a balance of equities and fixed income and alternative stuff along those lines. I also feel like as we do roll out some of these other products that, it will go on to some internal cash as well rather than moving it out into other vehicles like a brokered CD and just based on the combination of the environment and the security of Ameriprise. So, we do feel comfortable about that as well. But I would probably say the larger opportunity would be moving back into the like solutions like wrap business.
Walter Berman: Yes, obviously, we’re on total target for closure with in the beginning of November. And yes, we do have a very active pipeline at this stage. So yes, it’s – we feel that there is opportunity.
Walter Berman: Okay. I think the question is we ended the quarter at $28 billion on sweep. And as of October, it’s $28 billion. And so it is totally stabilized from that standpoint. Yes, we do have certainly a buffer to move into the bank. We are just being very measured and cautious at this stage as we were evaluating the environment, but we do have certainly a buffer to move additional land.
Walter Berman: Let me take the first part of the question on the certificates. Yes, certificates as a regulatory item has 5% capital elements associated with that. But when we evaluate it, we obviously assess it. So, that’s the regulatory portion of it. And so we feel very comfortable with that. And the growth potential there is certainly we have adequate enough capital and cash to support that. So, that is the range in which we operate on. And then certainly, it’s been growing, and we have been supporting it.
Walter Berman: The only thing I would add to that is that obviously, we have more than enough out to support that sort of growth that Jim was just referring to.
Walter Berman: Yes, I think that’s a reasonable assumption. And obviously, we are focusing on CTI and looking at to preserve margin and certainly continue to take advantage of the growth opportunities in AWM, but still prudently managing the expenses.
Walter Berman: Current math say, it’s marginal, I would say it’s bigger around 4 basis points or 5 basis points, but it’s the real opportunity of redeployment that will provide us certainly margin and profitability potential.
Walter Berman: So, okay, over the years, we certainly have been able to demonstrate that we are managing the risk very effectively. So, any risk transfer would have to consider that and really have a very balance of bid-ask and because the portfolio is performing quite well, and as it’s indicated in the observations that you made about it. So, yes, we feel very comfortable in retaining it. But if somebody comes along with something that is certainly the best interest shareholder was considered.
Walter Berman: So obviously, as you can see, it truly has stabilized. And yes, as we bring new years in and that certainly is growth. And certainly, as we have organic growth, that is an opportunity. Right now, I can’t predict environments and things like that, but we feel very good because of the stability of the sweep count, as we said, a substantial portion of that is close to 70%, 67% is in account balances that are under $100,000. The average compounds being 6%, I think. So, it’s very stable. It’s working – working capital and working cash that’s deployed. So, yes, we certainly – as we grow, we anticipate that growing. But again, there is a lot of variables here.
Walter Berman: For the reasons that you mentioned, and certainly, as we have the maturities coming in because of a short duration and other elements coming up on those factors, we certainly feel comfortable with saying yes on that point.
Walter Berman: I believe it’s again, it’s in the area of about $2 billion I believe, but we will confirm that with you.
