James M. Cracchiolo: Well, what we've seen is we've started to experience a little slowdown at the end of the year and the first part of this year. And we think that's consistent -- and you probably heard this from some others, because the market did pick up, there were a lot of changes at the end of the year because of fiscal policy and tax policy, and there's a number of things that I think, because of dividends and reinvestments, that people were much more focused on how they're going to manage their portfolios. So we saw that a bit more this year than we did in previous years. I think that's across the industry. Having said that, we still have a good pipeline that's starting to rebuild as people come out of this period. And we think that we will be able to ramp it up a bit as we go through the following quarters. We've also been focused a bit more on higher productive people, and so that area is always a bit more competitive. But we've been really attracting some quality people into our franchise. Regarding the new disclosure rules, depending on what they ultimately decide, it will initially have some effects, I would think, as people start to think about how they would disclose information in regard to their clients and what that would mean to them. Having said that, I think it could actually work as a benefit over time, in a sense that there's a lot of -- people move between wirehouses, and there's a question of why do they do that? Are they doing it just for compensation or for a change in environment? In our case, as we attract people over, we're attracting people who are actually coming over to work in a little different model, with a bit more advice proposition. And we think we can probably help them explain to their clients what we would provide them that would actually help them work with their clients even more fully. So it would be a change. I think any change always has an effect. Having said that, I think there are some good things that we could highlight that would explain why those people are making the change to move. So we'll see where it goes as far as what the regulator ultimately decides. But we are preparing ourselves to deal with that effectively.
James M. Cracchiolo: Well, I think we could break it down to just 1 or 2 components in institutional that Walter mentioned. So -- and I'll separate the Threadneedle from Columbia, just for a moment. Clearly, we still have the $2.2 billion of outflows from Zurich-related assets. One was a mandate that we recognized, a little incremental from our normal flow picture. But on an ongoing basis, these are closed books, et cetera. And there is always a drawdown of assets. We have explained in the past that the fee basis, even though it's a good level for us to generate profitability, is much lower than new institutional mandates that we do win in the international marketplace. And therefore, the flow picture always looks, whether even if it's a breakeven at a point, it's a real positive for us if we're bringing that in through the new mandates through the third-party institutions. Columbia is a little similar in that regard. There were bank-related like Balboa that they sold off that insurance book, there were bank-related affiliate distribution related to their institutional activities that also have very low basis points. And those, compared to new institutional mandates, are significantly different. Now the one thing we did get affected in the first quarter that was of higher fee to us were some mandates that we had in the credit area, not because we didn't have good performance, we have excellent performance, but because there was a rotation out of some of that area at the very beginning of the year, when everyone thought rates would start to back up, et cetera. And so we experienced that rebalancing. Now the good news is, from what was freed up, including some capacity in these areas, we do have wins that will be funded in the second quarter, it just didn't time correctly. And you can never count on the timing of those things. So we do see some improvement in that regard from what I would call the third-party institutional. It doesn't mean that we won't continue to get affected by what I would call the ex-parent stuff, including here with Columbia. And that's an effect. And the retail distribution, as you know, retail always has different fee structures than the institutional. However, some of those fee structures for outflows are again, through bank relationships, as well as through subadvisor. And so their fee adjustments will be slightly different than it would be if we're winning a new third-party that doesn't have some of those fee structures attached to it. And the last point was -- Walter made on the RIA. RIA, we were selling the wrong share class when we actually took this over. And even though we will experience outflows as we did in the first quarter, over time, this will actually be a better business for us. But we felt appropriate to make those changes. So there's a confluence of events that really hit in the first quarter. Having said that, we're continuing to be very focused on building flows in what we would call more profitable businesses, as well as expanding the distribution through the third-party retail and institutional. But we will still experience outflows from the ex-parent. Now having said that, we've got a good base, we continue to reengineer to offset some of those losses. And at the end of the day, I think we can get back into a growing business, but yes, right now it's going to take a little time, particularly if you look at the overall flow picture.
James M. Cracchiolo: What we saw, again, is -- let me start with a little longer-term, and then, what we saw in the quarter. What we saw longer-term is that we've been getting very good strong inflows into the company from a client perspective over the last year. And we've also seen some strong inflows consistently into our wrap business. I think the first quarter this year was exceptionally strong. Now 2 things, a little to even out sort of that trend a little bit. We did see a pickup in cash, holding cash at the end of the year as dividends were more significant, as well as people maintaining some of their cash to see what happens at the end of the year. But if you looked at our balances, our cash balances are very high, still, and they only went down about a $1 billion that rotated back in through the wrap business. So I would say, overall, we still see a good trend of new business coming in, they're going into the wrap fee-based area. And our cash balances are still at an -- abnormally high, even though they've come down a little from the end of the year. So as long as markets don't ratchet tremendously, we don't see a fundamental change in that at this point in time. In regard to some of the current period activity, it's picked up a little on a transaction, but there, it's not at a high level yet. And so again, I think as people feel more confident and start thinking about longer term, we may see a further pickup there. But again, that all depends on environment, as well as market conditions. But I would say, what we're experienced in productivity from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, I don't see a fundamental change. I can't predict. Summer months always slow down a little bit. But that's as we look further out.
James M. Cracchiolo: Okay. I think we could probably -- we'll actually see if we can -- what we can put together. I think we disclosed now we're separating out and giving you a line item to talk about Zurich. I think we don't like to break out sensitivity on client per se. But I think what we could do is probably give you at least a perspective on some of these affiliated type areas. But let me check with the group and see what we can do to provide some information. What we did try to say to you, clearly in this quarter, is what Zurich will continue to mean to us. So don't get me wrong, there's replenishment in a sense of what that basis of assets and as it appreciate, et cetera. But there will be an ongoing -- it's consistent from the day we bought Zurich -- Threadneedle from Zurich. So I don't see that fundamentally changing as long as we have that mandate, which is a good relationship. In Columbia, I think it's going to be similar. You have some of these low fee type of institutional businesses that were part of bank relationships. And I think that has come down a lot, but there are still billions left there. But they're at very low fee basis points like Balboa. And then, there are the ongoing relationships, including things like the U.S. Trust that will be a good relationship that we want to continue to focus on and invest in. But just based on the starting point of that being a primary asset manager for the business, we will have experienced normal outflows as that business continues to diversify a bit. So we'll see what we can provide you moving forward. But I wanted to be clear upfront here, that on an ongoing basis, for both of those, it will be a few billion each. But we believe that we could manage that, and we believe that as we continue to redeploy our focus and resources for building, that we'll offset that, particularly on a fee basis moving forward.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. I would say -- listen, we've been able to overcome significant headwinds. As Walter outlined, just year-over-year, where we're already at low rates, as various Bernanke made the latest adjustment back in August. That's another $10 million in the quarter lower than it was just last year, and we know how low that was. And we've been able to offset that from improvements through productivity and expense management. And then we took the bank out, which also really compressed margins by, well, just add 130 basis points on top of that. So if you put those 2 back in, you're close to 15% today based on what we said to you previously that we wanted to get to 12%. And the 12% included interest rates coming back at the time. So we've more than offset the interest rate headwinds and it's actually gone far beyond that. In regard to your next question regarding the 2 channels, the employee channel is not at the margins we want them to be at, as we continue to build the capacity and get the productivity where we want that to be, as we have invested in that area. So we're probably around the breakeven point right now. And so, as we continue to add productivity there, advisors, et cetera, we can definitely get that into the type of margins that we're talking across the business, which gets you, again, that boost that you've mentioned.
James M. Cracchiolo: In the first quarter, that was roughly about $600 million. And that was what normally would have been an inflow that we would have experienced to turn that into about a $600 million outflow, so that the change was probably a bit more significant than $600 million. Now again, that was a repricing which closed out an old share class. So there are some effects to that, that people make a decision on. We think we still have a good business there. We think that a good number of people are staying in as the share class shifts. Having said that, it was an effect in the retail flows in the first quarter, probably closer to the 6-plus hundred million that would've been slightly positive, let's say, or a little positive to a negative.
James M. Cracchiolo: I think in the second quarter, it might be a bit higher, only because it was fully enacted by the end of March, February and March. So again, we don't know exactly. But I would just say, second quarter would be a sort of a -- the bigger quarter possibly for it. And again, I think even after that's over, economically, we'll be better off.
James M. Cracchiolo: Okay. So if we just look back over the number of periods, remember, we had to rebuild this. We were on hold with consultants, et cetera. We got off hold beginning part of the last year. And so since those points, our pipeline is the highest it's ever been and it continues to grow. We have -- I don't want to give actual numbers here, but it's significantly up from where it was 2 years ago, and even nice strongly up from where it was a year ago. And we're in a lot of pending finals. And we usually have very good win rates, ultimately. So once we can get in the door. Now having said that, it's taken a little time to get a broader, what I would call, a broader set of funds to be considered. And I think we're finally getting there. We -- as an example, I'll give you this out. We have wins to be funded of $1.4 billion. Now again, you can't exactly time that. We thought some of that would come in, in the first quarter, it didn't. But we know, based on a year ago, that a lot of what does win does get funded, but it does sometimes take a bit more than a quarter to do that. So I would just say that the pipeline is building. I'll ask the team what we feel comfortable with as we go forward. But there are billions in the pipeline and billions in the finals. And so, what we already won is another billion-plus. So I think, unfortunately, what we got hit in the first quarter is winnings didn't fund as quickly and people rotated out of some very good mandates because of what they thought were going to happen in the fixed income market. And it was unfortunate that the -- it compounded what that looked like. Having said that, our team feels good about what they got in the pipeline. It doesn't mean we won't lose some low-basis-point stuff from the bank-affiliated type things that are very low margin that goes into those numbers. But we'll try to clearly identify that for you moving forward. Listen, we're not declaring success here. We're declaring that we're hard at work. We've got to build and we've got to keep on getting out to the market and expanding. But we do believe we're gaining traction. It's just for you, and I can fully understand, it's hard to see when you see these substantial outflows from -- of these categories.
James M. Cracchiolo: There's always a lot of lessons to be learned. So I would say things always take a bit longer than you always think. For instance, you think some of the stuff -- let's say, we're talking about flows. Some of that stuff would either wash out quickly or adjustments would be made or you can be clear on what that is, and it's not always easy to do that. I would say, even when you integrate and merge, you may have a very clear plan and roadmap. Having said that, the execution of it takes a lot of parties, whether they be internal, external, providers, boards, et cetera, that always take a bit longer. You also, even in a deal, you've learned some things as you dig under the covers more and whether you peel the onion in regard to what's really from a parent perspective or an economic or a distribution. Having said all of that, and if I had to retrace steps, I think we did an excellent deal. I think we're providing a tremendous transformation for what we had. I think we bought a good business. I think we worked with a good partner in Bank of America and to orchestrate this and do this. And I think if you go back to where we were and where we are today and you look at our total Asset Management business combined, where we're generating over $0.5 billion of PTI, even with these outflows, could they -- would you have liked that to be done so the optics are different, absolutely. But for just like I did Threadneedle, I've got optics of outflows, but I've created a wonderful business in Threadneedle with a diversified, strong asset management company, #4 in the U.K. market and expanding. So I would just say, the flows are an optic thing right now, but look at the profitability, look at the makeup, look at the positioning we have as one of the larger providers that we can build upon. And we've learned a lot. So if I had to do another deal, I'll know a lot more about what I would do and say and how do I orchestrate it. But I also would say, if you look beyond the quarter or you look at beyond the one indicator and look at the total, and you can go back quarter to quarter and go back to the past, we've created a very large, successful -- we think will be very successful over time but it's going to take more work -- asset manager that's generating very strong profitability, I would compare it against anything in the industry, has a good product lineup, has good investment performance and expanding distribution. So I know it's hard, Suneet, as you look at the period and say, "Well, why aren't the flows turning around?" But even if I suffer continued outflows from ex-parent perspective but I'm building a stronger business with stronger profitability, I think that's fine. If I did another deal, let's say, and you buy it from somebody else, you're going to experience outflows in a consistent, particularly if it was a parent-owned entity. But if you can derive good value from it, then I think we have to explain that a bit better than we've been able to.
James M. Cracchiolo: And I'd also say that we have more work to do regarding various pricing and things that we have with fee waivers and caps and various things to get that orchestrated even more appropriately over time. We did a lot of mergers. We did a lot of movement of funds. And I think that, that has caused some issues for us that we're -- we've started to make some changes with a year ago, that's being factored in there, that we need to continue to focus time and attention on.
James M. Cracchiolo: No. I think we've got to do more work, including with our fund boards to really go over that, to understand what has changed in the dynamics and why. We do have a good philosophy of giving and having good reasonable fees. Having said that, I think when we did a lot of these merges and caps between 2 fund families, that actually put a bit more of a pressure and burden that I don't think is necessarily appropriate at this point.
James M. Cracchiolo: Well, I think what I would say, and Walter can complement this, we have a few hurdles. So one would be, we start off with the idea that, does this add value overall to our franchise longer term? Because any deal that you do, you have, just like Suneet asked, what are the learnings, you have a lot to do with integration, you have a lot to do with change in flows and people and talent, et cetera. And so, you always have to look at that to say, "Does 2 and 2 equal something more than 4?" Hopefully, it doesn't give you 3. So the first thing is, does it add or complement the product line? Does it give you enough additional capacity? Can you consolidate, in the right way, to free up resources? And so we go through that, that gives us a financial analysis as well. And economically, does it give us as good a return as if we return to shareholders in a different way. And so there are always opportunities. The question is, can you get them to work for you and do they detract you from the things that you think will build even a stronger business and prevent -- present an opportunity cost or not? And so it's not that we don't look at things. We look at things, and each of those properties have some benefits and some of them that could be detractors or have some issues with them. And I think, as you also asked, we have continued to get smarter based on the learnings of doing Threadneedle, Seligman and Columbia now, so I think we're not naive anymore as we go in. But I think we've done a good job in each of these. And I think we factor in those learnings and our experience as we look at any other opportunity that approaches. So is the world continuing to consolidate at one level? The answer is yes. You'll continue to see transactions out in the marketplace. Will we be able to play in them? I think we do based on our experience and our capacity and free cash that we can utilize. But will we just do it because there's a deal out there? The answer is no. And so those are the things we take into account. Beyond that, I mean, we have a very detailed thing that we go through to analyze whether something adds value or not, so I don't want to disclose that strategically here on a phone call.
James M. Cracchiolo: So I think, Eric, I think we are successful because in our RAP area are the funds underneath it that I think, as an example, we continue to do well as Columbia, including in our channel. Having said that, we have an open architecture channel and therefore, we're never going to win the -- all the old business. Now if you think about what we're experiencing for Bank of America and Zurich, again, these were proprietary businesses at one point that they captured a substantial amount of sales within each of those channels, just like we did at Ameriprise many years ago. And it took us years to sort of go through that leveling out as an impact. So part of that is what you may see in the overall fund types. The second part is, to be very clear, now we are going to grow, how, through third-party. And so even though we are maintaining good sale share, let's say, at Ameriprise, and even, let's say, at some of the Bank of America activities as they further diversify, we now have to gain further traction. And when we were RiverSource, remember, we started a third-party business. We were just starting to develop it. At Columbia, they developed the third-party business, and part of what they did at Columbia in establishing that is some of their hotter products that they sold were, unfortunately, in just a few areas. And so as those areas have changed now, some subadvisor and some types of funds where people have moved on and retired, they've been impacted a bit more by outflows. But if we look at our gross sales, our gross sales are still good and strong, and we do a significant amount of tonnage. However, we've been even having a part of a redemption, and what we have to do is grow beyond those proprietary channels even more strongly now into third-party. And so that's really the changeover. And so I would say that we need to work at this a bit longer. We need to -- we took a major organization and merged it together over the last 3 years. And it's only at the end of, let you think, mid-year 212 (sic) that we're over the merger activities. And unfortunately, I think we would've all liked to come out of this a bit stronger, it's requiring a bit more time and effort. But I think we got a lot of the good pieces in place to do that. And we do see signs of success. But having said that, we got a very big fund family today and a very big asset base. We have $450 billion of assets under management. So we've got to get more cylinders firing to offset some of the ex-parents stuff to get into a growth mode when we look at overall flows. I think we may find it a bit easier to do that on a fee basis, rather than in an absolute flow basis. And that's exactly what we experienced when we did Threadneedle with Zurich. Our flows weren't oversized in a positive, but our fees were, over time.
James M. Cracchiolo: So I think you're asking on excellent question, Eric. I think, as I said, I think I would look at the more absolute dimensions and where we're situated. I mean, the other thing I would just say is this. We're only at the first or second inning of now taking Columbia because we had to focus on integrating Columbia, and putting Threadneedle with Columbia. And now we're really working on some global product, emerging markets, asset allocation. We've just brought in some senior talent there. And we see some good opportunity. We're expanding in Asia. We set up offices out there, and we're winning mandates already. So listen, I think we got more work to do. It's a competitive world. There's a lot of good players in the industry. But we are a player today. Where in the past, we weren't able to compete on a full-scale basis. Now it doesn't mean it's going to be easy, particularly to establish ourselves even more globally, but I think we have a lot of the capabilities and foundation to do so. But we're going to work hard. We've got to get those flows turned. We've got to win more business. We've got to develop some of the more global capabilities that I think we already got some good things that are coming to -- will come to fruition towards the latter part of this year. So listen, we are not satisfied. This is an area that we got to get a bit stronger in and better. But on the other side, we're generating good strong profitability. I think if you put us against a lot of -- outside of the very largest players out there, I think you'll find that we're right in the mix there. And you can look at all the dimensions I've mentioned to you. And I think we compare quite favorably. More to do. There are some areas we can get better. But I think we're in good shape.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. I think again, we can't dictate when some of the lumpiness, some of the mandates change. But what I am saying to you, and again, let me try to be clear, as clear as I can be right now. We will, even after this year, okay? So let's say, we will experience Balboa and some other things happening this year. Even after this year, for some of these lumpy institutional, low-fee type of things, we will still, always -- and so in Threadneedle, the way I would look at it if I was you is this, are we gaining good flows in Threadneedle from retail and institutional through third-party x Zurich? Because Zurich will be in an outflow on an ongoing basis from $3 billion to $4 billion a year. And if the answer is yes, even if flows are at breakeven or negative, but they will offset the negative in flows because of higher-fee business, that's going to be a positive. And so I'm not saying we won't be in inflows in Thread. You can see in periods like including last year, we were in strong inflows in certain periods, but it's always every quarter, there's a $1 billion, $1.5 billion of outflows from Zurich. And you say, "Well, it's not that strong." It's at -- that's a very strong good business of the net of those 2, even if they come to breakeven or positive after offsetting those outflows, or even negative to some extent. We're going to still have some of that for Columbia as well. We believe we can get into positive net inflows in Columbia. Again, similar to what we're doing with Threadneedle. But we're always going to experience some level of outflow from the bank, bank-affiliated distribution, that are good agreements, good relationships, good base of assets. But I will tell you that when you look at the gross gross, you're going to say, "Well, why isn't it possibly stronger?" I would say on the gross side, it will be strong and growing. On the net side, we will have some of those consistent outflows. But that doesn't mean it's a bad thing for us. It means that it was part of the arrangement we made when we purchased this, moving from a proprietary type of relationship to a third-party relationship. But our flows this year, we are targeting them to improve from what we've seen in the first quarter. And we're targeting that we will gain more third-party activities, both in the Institutional and improving in the retail. And so that's what we would say. But we don't have a perfect crystal ball. That's what we and the team are working on.
James M. Cracchiolo: I agree with you. I actually agree full. So we'll see what we can do appropriate, and that's why we tried to have this conversation. Your questions are right on target. And I can understand, sitting where you are, and sometimes even sitting where I am. It's always easier as you break them down into different buckets. We'll see if we can even get better as we go forward.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. I think -- again, a good question, Nigel. I think what it is, is I think what we concentrated initially on was some of the larger buckets that we knew would adjust in the periods right after the acquisition. We knew things like Balboa. We knew that there were low fees, prepaid type accounts and institutional accounts. And a lot of that has occurred as we thought, maybe a little longer it took than we thought. When someone says we sold the insurance block, we figured that would go sooner than later, and it's been a drip, drip, drip. There are some of those institutional relationships that are still there. Again, we're not going to try to move on them. I mean, they're there and they're good to the extent that they're there. But we know, at one point, they will move out. We probably just assumed that some of that would move quicker than it had. A thing that I think is different is, as we sort through all the lumpiness of it, what we also recognize now is there is a -- also a continued large installed base of assets that we have a good relationship with Bank of America or their affiliates. We want to maintain that relationship even beyond whatever the initial contractual period on an ongoing. We think it's good for them. They think it's good for them. We think it's good for us. And so we're working hard to keep that relationship. Having said that, there was a level of concentration in there. There was a level of asset base as they looked to make some changes or they're dealing with how they want to look at their business that we know that we will be affected. Similar to, in a certain sense, not that these are closed-book assets or anything, but similar to the sense of what we dealt with Zurich or even in Ameriprise's proprietary system at one point. And so, now that we have greater optics to that, we understand a little more of what are the dynamics there, we're probably saying, this is what we're beginning to see more as we go further after the first level of the consolidation is over and the lumpiness is out. And so I don't know if we would have known all this initially. We didn't. Having said that, we don't think that it will, in some way, cause us not to be in a good, strong business that we can grow, but it will be an ongoing effect. And we're trying to make it clear to you, so that we -- as your colleagues -- as your peers just asked, we're trying to give you some color for what we're trying to do. And in that regard, we believe that we can do that well. Having said that, we do know the optics of flows is where everyone concentrates on. We're probably saying, you've got to look beyond what the -- just the one flow number is to look at the dynamics of the flow number. And then, what are we doing, as a total picture, to make the changes necessary so that we can be a good competitor. And that's probably what we're trying to bring to light. I don't think we knew all of this previously. So as we knew it and understand it and we continue to lay out our strategy moving forward, I am trying to be clearer to you. When we first did Zurich, we never came out initially, again, not knowing, to say Zurich will be an outflow of $3 billion to $4 billion. It was more of can you maintain that relationship and that agreement and all that stuff. And over time, we learned a bit more as we peeled the onion and we reestablished that relationship in appropriate way. And so, we want that relationship. It's a good relationship. But what we learned and what we continue to tell you every -- now, more formally, every year, is what that will look like so that you can do your math and you can understand the dynamics. And that's all we're trying to do here. I don't think we know everything going into any arrangement, particularly of the size and scope that we were talking about here.
James M. Cracchiolo: Okay. So what we're actually seeing right now and doing is, we've actually had some pretty good product in emerging market equity and debt, et cetera. And what we are doing is, we had some good people in Threadneedle, as well as Columbia. We're putting those resources together even more formally. We've already established some reasonably good track records in these areas, and we're going to be able to go to market even more substantially by having a stronger, larger depth of team resources and more track records. And I think we're going to be in market for our first few activities in the second half of this year that we're going to try to actually put in our toolbox to even be more focused on in selling in the institutional channels. We also have made some good headway in sharing things and building the depth of our research for global fixed income, as well as global equities, putting together some of the sub-portfolios that Threadneedle has some excellent results in, in let's say European, and we have here in the U.S. that we manage in certain areas. And so those things are coming together. We also now have put together a more formalized global team in asset allocation. We brought in Jeff Knight, and Jeff is leading our efforts there. We have some good portfolios today in asset allocation. He's building that into a more comprehensive global platform and taking resources that we have that are managing those type of things, both in the U.S. as well as at Threadneedle. So again, we're not standing still there, but these things take a little time. But we will start to put some of those things in the market more formally in the second half and build upon that over the next 18 to 24 months.
Walter S. Berman: Yes. The only thing I would add, Alex -- excuse me, it's Walter -- is that even as we go to add -- return more to, we have the ability to accumulate a lot. So if something does come up, we have the ability also to engage there.
Walter S. Berman: I think the observations you have are correct. And I think again, there's a market factor in there and other elements. So I think we can't be that predictive. But it's certainly -- and the 2 fee days left -- less. But [indiscernible] I think we should see that, again, you can't control the market, but certainly the trend line is reasonable.
Walter S. Berman: Sure. Eric, clearly, it's been transformational from our PE, from our IRR objectives, as we talked about it, it was 30%. It's been north of that. And currently, from every aspect financially, the program of both the capabilities that we now have and really, the potential has really been a major, major shareholder value to the firm. So -- on any measure we have looked at, this has been excellent.
Walter S. Berman: For that one. And that's about -- if you talk about the $4 billion, that's about 30% of it there. $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion of it.
Walter S. Berman: Yes, this is a big block. The other is the 1 year that's been -- a lot of it's been out of surrender. And obviously, they have high guaranteed minimum interest rates.
Walter S. Berman: Right now, I don't have that. For RIA business base it's -- I don't want to guess. So why don't we get back to you on the RIA base because I don't want to give something that's -- it's not at the tip of my hands right now.
