Laura Gagnon: Thank you and welcome to the Ameriprise Financial first quarter earnings call. With me on the call today are Jim Cracchiolo, Chairman and CEO and Walter Berman, Chief Financial Officer. After their remarks, we will take your question. During the call, you will hear references to various non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide insight into the underlying performance of the company’s operations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP numbers to the respective GAAP numbers can be found in today's materials available on our website. Some of these statements that we make on this call may be forward-looking statements, reflecting management's expectations about future events and operating plans and performance. These forward-looking statements speak only as of today's date and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A sample list of factors and risks that could cause actual results to be materially different from forward-looking statements can be found in today’s earning release, our 2009 Annual Report to shareholders and our 2009 10-K report. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise these forward-looking statements. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
Laura Gagnon: I don't have an exact number, Andrew but I know there is – total AUM. And the revenue is obviously substantially lower than that.
Laura Gagnon: Andrew, the assets the brokerage cash is non-balance sheet for Ameriprise. So the fee that we are getting on their well as the spread fee comes through the distribution fee line in the AWM segment.
Laura Gagnon: Can I ask a clarifying question? You said $6 billion year-to-date?Sam Hoffman – Lincoln Square Capital: From Columbia. We just estimated that as a prior caller had estimated.
Jim Cracchiolo: We actually think the Columbia acquisition and the integration on the alignment is going very well. The institutional outflow we experienced was for one of the managers that we were consolidating and that was clearly outlined that was part of our plan. In regards to the other outflows that we experienced to be very straight, we didn't have good funds in those categories that we were selling. Now, sales overall are still a little slow, particularly on the equity side and then in the area that is the funds were coming in – the fund flows were coming in, we didn't really have those categories so fully in our lineup. And now, with Columbia that should help things as we go along, as we match up what Columbia brings with Ameriprise. But I don't see anything significant from the disruption at this point in time. I think we are pretty much aligned with Columbia a similar on their side of the house. And so we are still feel I'm very good according to our original plans.
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, the first of all, Threadneedle continues to get good inflows in much higher fee basis. So in the other retail funds and their institutional accounts particularly around products like emerging markets and emerging market debt, so in that the actual revenue net and is significantly higher than what is leaving. Now, in regard to zero, it gets a continuation particularly around their own accounts and their closed book of businesses. And so this is what we have been experience different – sewer Rick, this is what we have been experienced it's consistent, the fees on that is very low debt. So it's not a material revenue drain. Having said that, we don't like any say assets leaving, particularly from a perspective of the size of on our gross basis, but from our revenue perspective, we more than offset by multiples based on the new revenue that we bring in from the new assets that we garner.
Jim Cracchiolo: Right now, the spread on the brokerage cash is low because – and we are recovering the fees from that standpoint. But the – and we invested out from a standpoint through some strong balance sheet through various arrangements, which have helped give us the extra 20 some odd basis points in the spread.
Jim Cracchiolo: Absolutely. As we spoke about it and the short-term yield curve goes up, that will give us substantial benefits and we anticipate that in the latter part of 2010.
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, as we look at the advisor productivity, it is recovering from the low points of the market. We are not back to the productivity levels we were at pre-crisis yet. Now, I was looking at, I mean, the asset fees are coming back more quickly because of the market appreciation. Some of the transaction revenue is still down, like on some of these longer-term contracts that we think we are starting to see some increase and in greater activity. We have been gaining clients over the course of the year and that has been adding to our overall client activity, as well. So I would want to see the revenue per advisor continue to increase and probably in the double-digit category, low to mid-double digits, in that sense and really starting to get back to more of a full-fledged activity across their book of business. And I think we are starting to see some of that increase as we come and, of course, what will be important here is continued stability in the markets. So as the markets continue to be less volatile, client activity will come back as clients feel more comfortable to put more dollars to work. So we are seeing dollars go back already into the wrap programs, which are shorter-term type of contracts, meaning that we can always rebalance them more quickly. As they move into longer-term contracts, that money becomes pretty much locked up, even though we can reallocate the balances, people still feel a little like they want access. That is why we still have strong cash balances. But I would continue to focus on the continued rise in revenue per advisor. Now, we have been taking out and losing some of the lower-producing advisors, but the people we are bringing in are much higher in production. And overall, the overall production has gone up tremendously. So, we said 25% per advisor, but it is overall 20% as we look at the total across the house, as well.
Jim Cracchiolo: I guess the latest information we have on the AUM, if you look at the equity, it is about $111 billion and the fixed income is about $77 billion. Okay.
Jim Cracchiolo: I think what you see there is an event and it really is an unusual event from the standpoint of the dramatic dislocation that took place and the comeback with the markets and with the comps as you take a look at the asset managers over there. That is what really triggered the substantial and unusual aspect. We always have some, but it never reaches anywhere near that proportion. We also had a situation, because of last year, many people stopped redeeming because of the low market, so that compounded a little. So, it was the down market and then the precipitous coming back. Again, it is creating value that is basically – the good news of it, it is basically three times or more than when we acquired the firm.
Jim Cracchiolo: Suneet, what happened was, in 2007, the firm's value continued to appreciate then in 2008 and 2009 they came down significantly based on the market dislocation. At the time, point we evaluate and so this year it bounced up significantly. And so the good news is the firm is worth a lot more today and since they have a piece of it, a small piece, since we took back some of that a year ago, part of that came back, plus the additional upside that has transpired over the market that grew since that point in time. So, this overall is good news. It is an exceptional charge, one that we don't think continued on a normal basis. And if you actually average this out over the length of the time outside of the volatility of it, it actually is a reasonable number.
Jim Cracchiolo: Eric, I think what you would do again, this is a market driven valuation and so, if you go back to January or February of last year, which is one of the low points of the market, I think you can actually see what was happening, particularly whether here in Asset Management businesses or in the U.K. And the values of the firms just dropped significantly, as all the values of all the financial services companies, if you look at the market caps of any financial services companies in the industries. And so, here again, that is where we got – that valuation went down. There was also take back from that from a financial perspective and I think if you look at the values of companies in the UK today and the Asset Management arena, you will find where their valuations are.
Jim Cracchiolo: … is to come back, assets are up and it is a combination of all those factors that really lended to the value of the earnings.
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay. So, Eric, I think there is a combination of things that you could look at. One is the operating revenue per advisor, you can see it has increased nicely and it's consistent where we were at sort of the year-end overall. But that is the first thing that is up significantly from the previous quarters. Second is our overall flows and certain client activities improved. So if you look at the wrap assets, as you mentioned, the numbers up at $100 billion, we've received good inflows over the last few quarters again, et cetera. The other thing that I would probably say is that even though we say it is not fully recovered, there is client activity back. And you could see that money moving from some to have cash balances, some activity picking up. You can see some of the insurance sales increasing. We also have brokerage activity that has increased tremendously on some of the transaction activity. So there is that gradual progression that we see. The issue that we are saying, if you go back to pre-crisis, we had more advisors more fully active against the balance of the full book. So for us, as an example, last year we had strong activity in fixed annuities. Variable was there, but it wasn't as strong and right now variable is a little slower than we usually have and fixed, actually, because we haven't actually put higher rates out to the market because the interest rate environment, is a bit low. So some of that activity that we receive in there is not there. Now, I think variable will start to come back as we get some of the newer product out there and we are starting to see some pick-up right now for some of the enhancement we put out already in April. So I think it is a combination of factors, but you can see steady quarters from the quarters previous.
Jim Cracchiolo: I wish I could tell you. I think everybody feeling a bit better, but I don't think the environment with the unemployment picture and the noise coming out of Washington gives people a lot of comfort every day. So I think it will just be a continuing gradual. This has been a big dislocation. It's actually – the markets have come back, I think, a bit quicker than people had expected and I think the consumer will always take a bit longer. We started, as we said originally, it takes at least six months after dislocation. This was a more severe one. We started to see activity come back six months later, which was in the fourth quarter and things are gradually picking up again as people are starting to venture back in. So things have come back. People are putting money to work, but having said that, I don't think that if you speak to people that you know, people are feeling go-go about the markets or putting all of their money at risk again or locking it down. So I think that's going to take a bit longer. But things are improving. I think the climate is feeling a lot better, but my personal opinion is I don't think we are back to everyone feeling very comfortable.Sam Hoffman – Lincoln Square Capital: Thank you.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. And the timeline on the first part of question, the negative synergies, we couched in terms of P&L impact and certainly dealt with the combining of the funds and fees and also watch those account. And we have not achieved – we are in a good position relative to the amount we put up. It certainly has materialized on low levels so far.
Jim Cracchiolo: So, Tom, I think one of the things we did say is that, first of all this is pre-close, right? We are talking about what has occurred at Columbia. And of course, we said that whatever it is pre-close will be in the price, adjusted one way or the another in net inflows or outflows. What Walter is talking about with you is the net negative potential expense savings as well as the synergies on the revenue side, which we factored in post-close. So that if assets were to leave us, we had estimated a number for that. So, as an example, we lost $600 million in the first quarter from RiverSource, that is part of what we estimated for RiverSource as we went forward. For Columbia, the amounts that we have included in this synergy hasn't occurred yet, because we didn't close the transaction. So we do have a plan in case in case that happens as part of our plan in numbers. But having said that, we are planning that there may be some further dislocation that occurs, and we have factored that into our analysis up front. Now, maybe that will not occur and we are hoping it doesn't or it can occur over the next number of quarters as we had originally planned. We don't see any reason why it should be greater than what we had planned at this point in time. So that is as best I can tell you at this point.
Jim Cracchiolo: Great. First of all, we appreciate you taking the time this morning. Laura will be available for any further question that is you may have. Let me just close by saying, as we continue to look at what we are doing and how we are doing it and continue to monitor the environment, we are feeling that we are making good progress here. There is a lot of work to continue to do and we will continue to do that work. We will continue to be diligent around insuring that we can continue to drive growth here and improve profitability and return to shareholders, which we will be diligently working on. But I would say we are making progress, we do feel good about where the company is positioned, what we have in place, how we are executing against that. And, so, we will continue to report to you as things unfold. But, we think we had a good first quarter and a good start to the year and we are seeing good things coming about. Thank you.
Walter Berman: Right. As evidenced by the fact when we close on the 5/1, the purchase price will not be adjusted by any material amount and that was, as we told you, was calibrated to a revenue calculation. As Jim has indicated, these were index institutional money which had very low distal [ph] left. So from that standpoint the transaction is performing as we thought.
Walter Berman: It's actually a combination of the three you just mentioned. And so, we have some money coming off the sidelines back into the accounts. We have some new money coming in from new clients, it's also from some of the advisors coming over to the house.
Walter Berman: What I would say after another quarter of business activity is that we continue to feel good about the progress we are making. I think on one end, I continue to feel – if you are asking me am I feeling a bit more positive, the answer would with absolutely yes based on market conditions being more stable and no one is necessarily at the higher level predicting a double dip here. And more stability in the markets gives me more confidence, because we are more of a retail client driven than institutional activity. So, that is all positive. I would also say, I am quite more positive because the Columbia now is about to close. And I think we spent the last three or four months since we spoke last in our financial community meeting, there was a lot of work going on, to do and integrate and the people line up. And all of that has gone really well from our perspective consistent with what we thought would be really good. So the combination of those factors and I think, as you start to see, like the Advice and Wealth has come back a bit. There is a lot of questions around that in the last quarter of whether we will continue to see some improvement and we are seeing some of that improvement, as well. So the answer to your question would be yes, I am feeling a bit more positive. Under our belt of traction that we are see in progress made. There is always a lot of work to get to where we said we would ideally want to get to, but we are continuing to move it along.
Walter Berman: Okay. Well, they certainly are discreet items in there. There is tax plans as it relates to international taxes and other things of that nature. And to your point, I believe that from the standpoint we did have guidance before of 28 to 30. We lowered that to 25 to 27. I believe that is sustainable into 2011.
Walter Berman: Sure. This is Walter. It is based upon DCS. It's based upon market comp. It is based upon independent review from a third party. It has to meet standards with the taxing authorities and FSA. So it is a very comprehensive review that takes place and it is consistent to drive compensation.
Walter Berman: It is based upon market volatility on that – it is based upon market volatility on that and the charge on this, it's based on market, this was an unusual charge.
Walter Berman: I want to go back and check the context of that element. Like I said, there is a portion that represents that percentage and then you get the evaluation change. That is why I want to go back and let me get back to you on that.
Walter Berman: Current sense is both on gross synergies and also on the net – negative synergies that we will wind up at target, we are totally tracking right now. So we are feeling certainly that we will be able to achieve the numbers we spoke about.
Walter Berman: That is not correct. That is not correct.Sam Hoffman – Lincoln Square Capital: Okay. What would the – go ahead.
Walter Berman: First of all, I think one of the things we actually outlined when we announced the deal was a long-term agreement in place with Bank America and the various channels, particularly around the U.S. trust channel. And the people are in place, both us and Bank America wants – we worked hard to maintain, including the people, the right relationships and the right economic arrangements between us and Bank America. So, we still feel, as we felt at the time of the deal, pretty good about that as being an ongoing strong relationship. If anything that’s continuing to pan out as such. So I can't give you any change to what we originally said. I actually think that is one to have good things about the deal.
Walter Berman: We have been working very closely, monitoring it. Right now, as I said, we feel that it is moving according to plan and there is nothing we know about that will give us concern at this stage that there is something that is coming our way that was unexpected. We told you when we did the transaction that we were assuming $20 million to $40 million in net negative EPI impact associated with the negative synergies and it certainly has not materialized that.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Great. Thanks. The first question is on Threadneedle and the $27 million compensation accrual that you booked. I guess it has been a little while since we've had to worry about this. So can you just remind us exactly what this evaluation or appraisal is based on? Is it based on just the absolute earnings that Threadneedle delivers or is it based on sort of market comparables? Any detail there would be helpful.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Well, you showed a slide, I think it was maybe in Simon's presentation, and you showed Threadneedle equity participation plan from 2004 to 2009, obviously ‘06 to ‘09 being estimates, and you showed the EPP charge and the profit after tax, after EPP, that’s one of these bar charts. Then over on the right, it says in 2009, the EPP charge is expected to represent 20% of pre-EPP profit as compared to 35% in 2004. I think, I know – there are two elements to that. I will have to go back and I'll check, but I think the answer is, the EPP targets at two factors. One, it has an approximation of around 10% of the profitability. And then you have a change in evaluation that then drives it. So that is basically what drives the element. Here, obviously in this quarter and this year, because of the change, it took the valuation portion of it way above. Does that answer? I will go back and check the slide I have but that is the way it works.
Suneet Kamath – Sanford Bernstein: Okay. I mean, what I was basically getting is, can we use this information to back into Threadneedle's earnings since you don't provide that.
