Jim Cracchiolo: Well as I just said, we will be looking at another level of opportunities. So number one is yes, we still think, we can strongly return capital and will to shareholders. We will also look at opportunities to further grow and invest in our wealth management business. Maybe there are some add-on capabilities that might be nice to continue to growth there that we'll be looking at it as well as we've said, looking at continuing to improve our overall capital structure. And therefore that in itself we think will create some additional shareholder value that will either return or from a perspective invest for growth.
Jim Cracchiolo: As we indicated, there are a substantial level and timing of investments in the first quarter as we look towards the year. we're in a range probably in the 4% range on excluding the bank as I meant, but the bank will be accretive and also let me just say if I got to answer the one part of your question we're putting initially $200 million into the bank as capitalization.
Jim Cracchiolo: Regarding the expenses but the investments per se in Advice and Wealth, we're actually managing expenses really well and we'll continue actually we probably reduce some expenses and so as regards we move through the next few quarters. But we are investing heavily ramping up and bringing over good recruits that as you know there is always the first year expenses from that and we have very good pipeline et cetera. And for the things I mentioned previously, we are making some really good investments investing in our advisors, investing in the ability for them to actually grow even more their productivity. So that expense incremental we think will give us a very good paybacks in that regard client assets, client productivity and results in the fee revenue. So that's the way I would look at it I wouldn't look at it as an increase in G&A in a sense of overhead expense. I look at it as investments for growth. And on a relative basis where we are reducing expenses as an offset that incremental that Walter mentioned around -- roughly around 4% or so excluding the bank I think is it should be thought about that way. Otherwise, I think it would be relatively flat. And the bank the expense incremental will be offset by the revenue as we ramp up the bank, but again with -- starting this midyear and then that will get into a much better run rate next year.
Jim Cracchiolo: The answer is yes. You know thanks Suneet, you know we are very thoughtful, but we are always looking out in planning. And we evaluate the business in a way that says what will be good for us to continue to grow in the areas of opportunity. What can we leverage appropriately, but also what will generate a good return in cash flow and manage a really good business on behalf of our clients. So yes, we have and I mentioned a range of them just before, but that's clearly some of the things that will be talking about with my board as we go through our planning process, but more importantly, that we are focused on even here in the near term. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Right. So we approached this twofold very clearly as you know. We look to continue to make changes in the business of areas that we can really garner some good activity inflows and fees. That does mean that we adjust and have to prone certain areas, which we've been doing. But very clearly, we're making some of the core changes in core focus on areas of opportunity. I think this market has been a bit more pressured, the volatility has been high, Brexit and other things have been unfortunate impacting many companies doing business there. But that's the first and very clear focus we have right now, but at the same time, we are thinking out and looking out strategically. The industry is changing. There continues to be a combination or level of consolidation out there. And there may be some good opportunities with some of the assets, some of the knowledge we have of what we've been able to do in the past to meet up and look at other capabilities with other firms that are having the same challenges. So it's one of the things. I think, we're very open to any but we very clearly focus on what the client needs. What's good for overall for our people, the culture we have as well as the shareholders, but as you know Suneet just like we’re very thoughtful and have been we'll continue to look and explore opportunities.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yeah. So I would say the average recruits we're bringing in now probably come out on average to roughly where we are in the numbers that were mentioning, but what we're finding is we're starting to really get now more and more larger teams. And so it's been gradually continuing to move up. Of course, there's always a transfer in the periods of them bringing over their book, etcetera. But how I would say is we have a very good class of people coming in. And we feel like we're actually hitting stride right now in really how Ameriprise can really appeal to people in the industry. And people who really can continue to grow their productivity. So we feel very good about it.
Jim Cracchiolo: Right, so this is Jim. Let me just take a minute to tell you why we don't think so and importantly why the point of view that has been expressed that -- in solvency if it ever occurred would look could mean billions of exposure to us is not only highly theoretical it's wrong. As previously disclosed in 2016 RiverSource negotiated substantial enhancements to its reinsurance credit protections under its reinsurance arrangement with Gleck. These were intended among other things to protect RiverSource against erosion and Gleck's financial position. Due to confidentiality obligations, we are not at liberty to disclose the extent or nature of such credit protections, but we hope to provide some additional color that's helpful as to why we continue to believe that our net counterparty credit exposure to Glick is very different from the gross exposure and is well within our overall risk tolerance. A few points to consider, Glick is domiciled in Delaware. So any insolvency proceedings will be located there, and governed by Delaware laws. Delaware laws and courts have a long tradition of respecting commercial and financial affairs and the contract sophisticated people enter into corporate law trust in insurance. Similar credit protections to these types we have with Glick have been tested and ensured insolvency's proceedings in Delaware, and they have been respected by the authorities. The same holds true elsewhere in the United States. We believe that these protections will be respected even in the unlikely event that Glick what to eventually become subject to insolvency proceedings in Delaware. While we know no credit productions are perfect. we believe the correct way to think about our counterparty credit exposure to Glick is not the full amount of grainy gross liability that Glick reinsurers, but rather than net exposure to Glick after taking into account our credit protections, which would be significantly smaller exposure, if it were to exist.
Jim Cracchiolo: No, what I would say and my read just based on what I've – and Walter said is this. We feel good about what we have for our own business and what we manage just like we have in place for our reinsurance. We feel that we take appropriate reserves. We look at the experience. We constantly evaluate. We have again taking rate we have got approval for rates that are going into effect. We are adjusting even some of the alternatives that clients have as they move forward. So with that, don't get me wrong, there can always be some exposure in the future, right, we know things will change, the world evolves. There could be change in some clients, but our book is very aged. Our people have been there for long time. We have very strong claim experience. And so as we continue to make these things, remember this is a book that we closed in 2002. The age is much higher than average. And our experience levels are very strong. And knowledge of what we have. So we're not saying that couldn't be some exposures going forward, but on a relative basis based on the strength of our position our cash flows our capital and what necessarily even could change in the near future, next few years that's five years, 10 years this is immaterial to our ability to handle it. But I know, people are putting this undo sort of risk out there as an umbrella on us, but it's not going to have an effect that people think in any stretch in imagination. Even, if you said, it was hypothetically a few hundred million dollars, we can easily take that against our access capital position would not even a beat at this point. So the point of reference is, if there is a reasonable transaction even if it's at a discount with a good party and I think people are getting more sophisticated in understanding the differences, I think the transaction could occur. Okay? One of the big variables is interest rates. The long-term rates have come down a little more. If they went back to where they were, it'll be more appetizing. So let me be very clear. We're not opposed to anything like that. We're evaluating. You saw we just started the reinsurance. We told you, it would take a little time for us to get where we wanted in the Auto and Home. Listen, I think we’re credible what we say and what we’ll do. We'll make very formed decisions, and we’ll evaluate to continue to invest and grow the business. What I would take away from this today is that we’re really excited about the opportunities we have in Ameriprise and Wealth Management business and a generation of cash across the company. Even with our Asset Management and INA business, INA is really good solid books. And if there are opportunities for someone to get certain based on the structures they have, but keep the real good benefits and the growth and us really growing the opportunity with our clients and working on a good products, we are open to it. And the same thing with long-term care. But we're going to manage it really well. We're going to make sure that we get appropriate return and cover our risks. And to the extent that there are those little blips that pop up, we're well easily able to cover them. So that's the way I would think about it, but no, we're not opposed to any transaction on LTC, and we think that people are getting more sophisticated in understanding the differences, and maybe there'll be a potential for us in the near future. And we're looking at it. So people are starting to call and we are starting to talk.
Jim Cracchiolo: So what I mentioned before that we are taking the opportunity to make really good investments and enhancing all of our digital capabilities, our advice capabilities, our client engagement systems. We feel good about that. We are actually picking up our pace in recruitment out in the industry as well. I feel good about that. And it gives us opportunities. And I do believe there may be some opportunities for us as I mentioned and in the use of capital to look at some good potential additional add-ons to our wealth management business from an M&A perspective. It's a bit early for me to get into that right now, but at some things that we're going to spend a bit more time exploring. And we think that may be a good use of our capital moving forward.
Jim Cracchiolo: I would say it could be both. I -- listen there are different opportunities in the wealth management space right now that we're thinking about or looking at. So, I don't want to go further than that, but just say listen. This is an area that is our core. We know it well. We understand it we do believe we can bring a lot to it. So, it's one of the things that we want to spend a little bit more energy on.
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, what I would say is this, as you just saw based on our mix and growth, our distribution business the AWM is over 50% now of our earnings. We still have very good businesses. Our INA business, however, are solutions to the clients and they are very complementary. So, the real good cash flow. We get the solid nature of the books is because the part of where my client assets go for products that we manufacture in addition to what we distribute externally. So, I think that's how I think of it. Same thing with the Asset Management business, Columbia manages a good reasonable amount of assets both for our retail clients, also as part of our books for our INA business and it's very complementary. And if you go back, many, many years we started as a manufacturer with distribution as a cost center. When I came in, I converted the distribution to the profit center, and wanted to round out my solutions group. I exited third-party in the INA, because of what was happening in the industry. In the Asset Management, I figured I would complement that by buying some companies to give me more of that third-party distribution as a compliment. I think, we have accomplished that so, to a good regard. And having said that, I still value the solutions part and what we do here. But as I would probably say the growth driver of the coming right now based on industry pressures et cetera, is in our distribution channel. But we will continue to be a quality provider in the other areas. And they will generate some good returns for us.
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, I think in the first quarter just as we saw in the fourth quarter, you had depreciated assets from the level of where you started in December. And so offloads have been consistently strong fourth quarter, first quarter and they are even getting back to even higher levels as we exited the first quarter. But I think when you look at the fee level you had equity markets down significantly at the end of the year, just making its way back through the quarter. And so when you run a very large portfolio like that with a reasonable portion being in equity or a portion of that 50%, 60% that's where you're going to get that fee compression. But to Walters point what he explained would be as we are exiting this quarter with the markets backup, you should probably see it come back to the full level of the type of fee that we had. But the good inflows over the course of the entire last year will complement that as we move forward.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yeah, so this is Jim. What I would say is first of all in the first quarter, we completed our transfer of our OIC assets into C caps sort out of Luxembourg range that we have established last year. So even part of the expense that we have, and the P&L was based on completing that shifting the assets, offsetting some of the expense for our clients et cetera. Now when we've done that, we now have a range of the product, the good range of the product and we are adding resources in some of the markets like Italy and Spain and Germany, ramping up with some manpower distribution et cetera marketing to start to sell more formally in Europe. We also sold, but we almost sold out of sort of the idea that we are distributing oics and we don't have necessarily all the resources fully on the ground. So we are ramping that up. Now I would just say activity in Europe and Brexit, if you look at the number of European firms out of the U.K. in Asset Management, you'll find that activity is pretty weak and redemptions were there. But if that starts to get back as people start to see clarity around Brexit or the idea that the European economy is not slowing, I think you'll see a rebound in that activity and then with what we're doing to expand in Europe hopefully that will even give us a greater level of upside down the road. I don't think that's going to happen immediately because of the situation across Europe and the U.K. right now, but it’s one of the areas where we have always gone in good flows, we have good product and one where we do believe that there is a benefit as that starts to settle down on the continent and in U.K.
Walter Berman: No it's actually -- it's totally in line with really the earnings that we will have and with the tax rate and the items that we normally have as basically adjustments through it. It's totally in line with last year and this year.
Walter Berman: Okay, so this is Walter, let me start with that Alex. Once we have approval and then we will target our operationalizing the bank before the end of the quarter. We will be transferring about $2 billion, $2.5 billion worth of sweep accounts that we will go into. And those will be invested. And that would be the primary focus. And then next activity would be our credit card transfer over. And then will be a series of other products that we will be working on. But that's where the focus is going to be. As we anticipate for the year, the bank will be accretive from an earnings standpoint. And we will start incurring expenses obviously from an operating standpoint starting -- we started now and obviously ramped up during the year. But we will be a positive accretion from an earnings point standpoint.
Walter Berman: Okay, it's Walter. Let me take a shot at that. Obviously, we feel very comfortable with the exposure profile that you mentioned in those areas, but we are continuing to evaluating options as they come up. And if they do we will then certainly assess and is that in the best interest to shareholders deploy it that way.
Walter Berman: Yes, as you look at -- going forward certainly with the market improving where it ended the quarter and with as I mentioned our reengineering initiatives, I do see over the balance of the year that certainly we could get back into the range we talked about previously. But it's not without its challenges, but we have certainly the place the reengineering aspects of it and certainly with the market where it doesn’t stays that way, we -- it should improve when we exited a quarter at 33.
Walter Berman: No, it's actually -- we chose -- we basically reinsured the third-party channel account value. We looked at and we have the capability from an operational standpoint, we're just looking at it the environment and all the things as we said this will be -- we will continue on that path.
Walter Berman: As Jim said we will evaluate and certainly look at what is in the best interest of the shareholders. Again, those have different nuances attached to it, but the answer is we will evaluate for sure.
Walter Berman: Yes. So, what we started seeing in January as we said, the activity levels are were lower and then in February and March, they really came back up. As we are not seeing that impact at all from people getting lower tax refunds or anticipation of lower tax refunds. That does not manifest itself yet if at all.
Walter Berman: John, it is incorrect I think we actually didn't give guidance for 2019. This the first time we actually mentioning it. I'll go back and check. But the 16% is totally consistent with what we told it would be. And that is like I said it's a line with what 2018 was. I can't really -- you're right it's going to change based on mixed earnings and things like that as you go because you had more to the margin of 21%. But the answer is I think this is a pretty comfortable range. 
Walter Berman: Okay so -- let me answer the question this way is. We are approachable all the time for people to explore the opportunity to certainly enter a reinsurance arrangement with us. There's nothing we have seen but we keep an open mind about it based on the way that we feel our exposure is as it relates to our book of business, it's nothing has really risen to the top of the stage to really get us into really considering, but as Jim said we will always look for options and that's what we do. As it relates to the ninth time, the tenth time -- as it relates to Genworth we are not -- I'll say my way we're indifferent. I'll be candid from that standpoint. We repeatedly keep on referring to the fact that we have arrangement with them that it really does protect us and we feel extremely comfortable whether the sales is there or the sales not there. And that is something that we feel is something that is really without any doubt in our minds we feel we have the protection. 
Walter Berman: No, what you saw is -- we're constantly evaluating our competitive positioning and we believe we are competitive now. And we will constantly review, but I don’t see anything that would be changing going forward. But if it does, we will adjust it.
Walter Berman: Yeah, so in January it was substantially down. And basically by March it was back at the levels -- at the historic levels. And we are again I can't give you an exact number, but certainly we are seeing a pattern that we feel comfortable with as we that -- as the client activities started to coming back. So we feel very good about that trend line and that's continuing in April to a degree.
Walter Berman: Yeah, that's what certainly the pattern is saying. And especially as you start March you just watched January down and just progressed it's way right back up in March and it exited. And we're seeing that continuing.
