Walter Berman: Yes as we indicated. We would try to get that under 500 and it should stay in this range, a tad under again depending on there’s a lot of moving parts to that. So if you can’t necessarily control and again this is an estimate. We do the final at the end of the year, but I would say in this range which you should anticipate. 
Walter Berman: The majority of excess capital is actually in corporate at this stage and there is obviously this excess capital in the life company, but it’s throughout all the other subs, but the majority of that is now resident and corporate. 
Walter Berman: Okay, let me start with the value and restructuring. Gentleman retired early in the year, in the second quarter and we have continued to experience some of the outflows because a number of those funds as you would imagine are on platforms and models. And so, as they come up for review etcetera sometimes, they reevaluate because the manager has changed, and so, we think that is starting to come down. We would expect that it gets less and less as we go forward in that regard. Regarding Marsico, the PM changed and again, what our experience is, is model changes now on some of the platforms as they reevaluate those funds. We think that Marisco has stabilized their position in regard to their funds and activities. Having said that, they’re still up for a review when you have a change like that. And in regard to the hedge funds, we feel pretty much we have experienced the outflows that will occur there with the manager change and we feel if anything, as we settle that down hopefully we’ll start to get some inflows back in next year in that regard. But, it’s unfortunate as you go through some of the manager changes etcetera, you have model changes that are occur in review, and those things sometimes last a bit longer, then you would think the change has occurred, why isn’t it over. And that’s what we’re experiencing and hopefully we could continue to deal with that effectively as we get fund flows into other of our retail funds and get more of our funds on these model portfolio platforms and that’s what we've working hard to do because we do have good funds with good performance. We just got to get that more known out there in relationship to the ones that were on the platforms. 
Walter Berman: Yes, I think Eric as we have evaluated and we’ll discuss this a bit more at our financial community meeting. We do have a broad product set with good product with good performance and it’s unfortunate that a lot of the areas that we have been really strong in are not necessarily in, in the flow category right now particularly in equities. We have been garnering a very large share in our dividend and opportunity funds things such as that are more equity income related. In regard to the places where we haven't played as well are things like and that's what we've been working on to ensure, because we’re putting our talent together in the product areas is things like global bonds, emerging market debt, things such as that, that have garnered some logic flows, strategic allocation on a multi-asset basis. Now we think we actually have some good product that we've been gearing and building the track records for and positioning and repositioning and we'll discuss that a bit more in 2 weeks but if you look at where large inflows have come from, those were some of the categories. Even in the fixed income, we actually have gotten good flows in places like high yield etcetera. We do have good intermediate funds but some of the things that have been selling have been positioned a bit differently and we're working on that. So, again we can't dictate that that's where the flows will stay but we do have to ensure that we have a good product in those categories as we maintain the categories that we are strong with and hopefully as things rotate back in will be situated well. 
Walter Berman: Sure. First what has happened there, we have the market, has certain impacted this quarter and looking at CTU98 [ph] that has lowered our requirement. We’ve also so re-bounced some of our investments as certainly as we exit the bank which is also result in a lower requirement and over the last year we’ve been working on our hedges to make them more effective from standpoint from a capital standpoint and that work will continue and that is primarily the focus also as we get the mixed shift in the business coming in more onto the asset management and advice wealth management, that certainly requires less capital. So we’re seeing a track on our new activity in the amount of capital required on that and we’re working on getting our basic requirement down primarily in the hedging area and use of our hedges in the state capital area. 
Walter Berman: No again, plus is not define from that standpoint but the candidates [ph] know because I think we are with the amount of activity and the amount of capital required as we’re adding it in the mix, as I look in the near term I think we should be able to preserve that, again depending on how the level of buyback that we executed upon. 
Walter Berman: As we indicated, I think Jim indicated that we implemented the system in the third quarter. There is still expense that will be with us for a quarter or 2 as it trails off, but it will trial off and as it relates to training and certainly giving up in our service delivery capability. So on that basis, we will still incur expenses in the fourth quarter. And in the first quarter, the expense will start decreasing. You should not see a dramatic change, but it will start coming off. 
Walter Berman: If you are talking about from the standpoint as it relates to the $50 million we talked about as related to the lower expense once the system was fully integrated. 
Walter Berman: The answer is yes. In the third quarter we did do reserve review and we felt that the reserve was adequate from that standpoint. And nothing was necessary to take down and so we’re certainly monitoring the situation. As we indicated claims were up. We made an adjustment on an IBN hour, but we are putting in our rate increases and we feel that at this time certainly based upon review it was not necessary to make a change. 
Walter Berman: The performance has actually been okay. I mean, in both of the health and in the tax side and I am not sure on the fund side, I am not sure if we’ve bet over a $1 billion is what is in the funds. 
Walter Berman: Obviously we will engage, redeploy the capitals. Obviously the capital is still in bank this quarter, in the fourth quarter. But commencing in the first quarter of next year we will redeploy. We’re not intending to match exactly on the earnings that are coming out of the bank but by the end, our target was to neutralize effectively for the year the impact of that all from an EPS standpoint. 
Walter Berman: These were earning assets, obviously higher than Zurich had mentioned, but again, its manageable, it will impact us obviously in fourth quarter a bit but from that standpoint, we believe we will be able to build it back but I would say it certainly has a higher profitability factor than some of the ones we've been talking about we've been losing from the bank but again its manageable. 
Walter Berman: We’re pretty much on track versus what we spend. It does get split between corporate and AWM. Obviously there’s a lot of institution enterprise advertising, and in the fourth quarter we have heavy ad versus the third quarter. It will increase in the fourth quarter. 
Walter Berman: No, in the corporate G&A,  a piece of it goes into corporate G&A and then obviously a portion is in AWM. 
Walter Berman: The only thing I have to say is that we certainly do evaluate that from Jim’s standpoint but the returns that have been provided even if the runoff have been, actually within our targeted ranges, and so we don’t need the capital, it certainly generates its earnings and it’s the portfolio that supports it is matched quite well and we feel quite comfortable with the exposure profile. 
Walter Berman: I think Ted will cover but there has been a shift and the fixed income obviously has a lower earnings profile for us and the shift I guess is, if you look at it, its maybe 20% of the 25% of the market depreciation. Obviously it’s an industry where it is shifting and there are other things that the team is doing to improve them all. Its revenue from reengineering. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Sumeet, in regards to what we’re doing, yes, we have a good and consistent pipeline. We have ramped up our efforts a little more fully around the country and we’re recruiting now, not just into the employee section but also into the franchisee area as well. In regard to the packages, the reason for us to increase mainly is because we’re recruiting more, I would call a higher level advisors in, but on a relative sense we’re not necessarily playing in some of the categories and the ratios that you’ve been seeing out in the marketplace. Our packages we think are competitive but at the same time it’s also the type of advisor we’re trying attract that would help them build and grow. And in addition to that, we’ve set it up in a way that as they produce they can actually achieve the higher, what I would call transition comp on the bank end. So we feel very comfortable about that. Our returns are still very good and appropriate. I would say the rates have gone up mainly because we’ve been recruiting more higher level productivity where you would always see the skill up in that regard. But I would still say it’s not to the points that I’ve been seeing in the industry as well. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, we track that very closely and we do it on a vantage basis. So as we add more people of course the newer people have less over and produce less, but as you go through the vantages of one, 2 and 3 years. On average we are very successful in bringing over a majority of their assets and books of what they’ve identified and what we have chatted with them and agreed to on the type of the arrangement. The second thing that occurs is that they then transfer over and then it takes them anywhere from one to three years to fully ramp up depending on the type of book, the type of activity, product set and where they are located in regard to an employee versus a franchisee. But we have seen consistent ramp-ups, consistent with our models and our payback schemes. Within a 24-month period as an example, we get about 98% of their assets under management from the beginning. Now, they might not be at 98% in productivity because as you know, based on certain clients and certain activities and certain types of transactions that they might have sold in the past, you don’t necessarily replicate that immediately with market conditions. But we are seeing a consistent nice ramp up with our models. We feel very good about it, that’s why we’re consistently deploying resources to bring in people. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, what we have is if you saw in the first quarter of this year, we’ve had a lot of expenses, we had to complete a lot of the development for the conversion in the second and third quarter. In the second and third quarter to Walter’s point, we had a lot of expense for the training and the service deliver to actually migrate over the accounts and support that activity including through clearing. And so what we are now doing is winding down the systems caused carrying the two systems because the development was done, that was heavy in the first part of the year. And we’re winding down to Walter’s point more of the service delivery and the training support cost and that will gradually come off over time as people get ramped up more fully on the systems. What I would say to your point is, we’re not going to fully offset the bank margin because that’s roughly about 15 million a quarter, but we should as you as saw in the third quarter coming from the second quarter, that sort of run rate of reduction in G&A we think will continue probably through the next 2 quarter or so in that regard. So we’re going to bring down on average the expenses for the whole migration over the course of the next year particularly in the first 2 quarters of next year. On an apples-to-apples basis it is less than 15 million per quarter for the bank because we started to achieve some of that savings already in the third quarter if you look at the third quarter below the second quarter, second quarter below first some. So some of that was in there but there's still a remaining piece of that per quarter. 
Jim Cracchiolo: I think that's what we should see for another quarter and then maybe it will be a bit less than that instead of first and second. So there will be a bit more. I'm just saying it would have offset fully if we didn’t take some of our expenses down in the third quarter of this year which we did. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, I would say if you can count yet the fourth quarter including in that, yes, probably along those lines but I think Walter can probably do some calibrations and let you know a little clearer when we do the FCM. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay, when we terminated the manager, as you know, as people are invested in various hedge funds and particularly as you go into a period where we fought with the various market situations, people evaluate that and sometimes they do remove that money if you allow them to do so which we do. We have the funds open. We want them to make informed decisions there. And so as they had notified us, they did pull the assets there. They will evaluate that over the next number of periods to see. But that’s exactly what had occurred. It’s not that we gave the money back. They wanted to take it out at this point in time. We have a good team still there led by Paul Wick and we have added back some additional talent to Paul’s team. We feel that Paul has had an excellent track record over the years and that he is very much focused on continuing to maintain his performance and I think as we do that, we should hopefully garner some flows in the future. And so that’s really the situation. It was unfortunate, but at the same time we think appropriate. 
Jim Cracchiolo: So overall we’re seeing increased activity and consistent activity from a number of different places. We’re seeing people continue to join us from the wire houses in a very focused way. We’re also seeing now people joining us from some of the regionals and even if you are the independence as we look at in particularly into our franchise or channel and so we feel like our story is getting out there in the marketplace. We’re actually having good conversations and people are becoming more familiar with us. We used to be known as the quiet company that didn’t necessary understand who we work fully, and I think we’re starting to make the right noise out in the marketplace and positioning so that we are getting on more radar screens. From that perspective, as people are becoming more familiar and as we’ve attracted more people over so they understand what we’re able to do and who we are. We are seeing bigger and bigger producers as well becoming interested in us. So I think that we’ll continue at this point in time and I feel good about it. As far as the packages are concerned, I know there is a lot of headlines out there and those headlines are particularly focused in the industry on the million dollar plus producers and I think there is a bit more competition out there particularly in the wires for those people. that’s not necessarily the territory we’re playing in and very clearly I think if people are choosing to come here, they’re choosing to come for more of the value proposition, the culture, the type of positioning we have in the marketplace versus moving to another wire. And so again, we feel good about our ability to do this and more of an appropriate economic fashion. We’re not going to appeal to all people and we’re not going to appeal to those they just want a big check and that’s good. We actually prefer not to. So we feel good about where we are and what we are attracting and helping those people come over and helping them to actually take up a stronger advice value proposition. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Well I think we’re also going to try to cover this in a bit more detail in 2 weeks. Ted Truscott will be actually discussing the various flows and our distribution activities and the various products. What I would say here is this, our institutional pipeline is good and strong. It doesn’t mean we’re not going lose some of the stuff that we had in the past as you experienced, but as I said, with the large hump a lot of Bank of America activities, there is still below [ph] but again we mentioned as 1.5 billion, it’s not a lot of money. We’re going to have some lumpiness like as we said from things like the Marsico or the VNR, things that are on various platforms as they continue to migrate out or get settled. But, even retail, we are starting to feel good. I mean our sales are actually a bit up and we look at market share gains in our focused area are positive. But we need to get more of that. We need to get on more platforms, more intermediate recognized full deployments we have versus some of names of firms out there and we are working hard. Threadneedle has actually come back in a good way. Now that Europe has settled down a little, hopefully we’ll continue that way but we see retails flows came back very nicely and institutional flows are very good. I mean it doesn’t look that way once you get to Zurich but we’re always going to have a $1 billion a quarter with Zurich. I mean the pension fund tender was the one that we identified because we had more flow[ph] of the pensions and have it diversify. But if you take that out, Threadneedle was in a nice positive position this quarter, and Columbia who’s unfortunately with the hedge fund. But Columbia I mean, our institutional funds neutralized that including some of the portfolio platform changes and then the retail, more than half of the outflows were in those just 2 fund category, the VNR and sub-advise. So, I think we’re making progress. This is not still a great time where everything is in inflows but listen, we've got a good underlying platforms. People were working hard. We’re continuing to fill out the areas that we are not necessarily well-known for that we think we can be in those areas. We’ll go over that a bit more but I am feeling pretty good about it. I mean we've got work to do. So this is not like declaring victory at any sense, but I think we've got over the hump and at the same time I think we've got a good platform and we are generating pretty good margins and profitability from it. We have an investment performance as maintaining itself. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Well as you know, if you are going to buy an entity that’s attached to any larger entity, particularly that’s in the financial space, you are going to have assets that may have been attached. So if asset managers are owned by banks or insurers etcetera, you’re actually going to have legacy assets. I think as we think about those legacy assets, we always and just like we did with Columbia, we thought about what the net value is of what you will be purchasing, how long those assets would live for and then what’s the sort of the value that you would be left with after enduring. So we do evaluate those things and if it’s still a good opportunity for us based on combination of value and what that would add to us over time, we will definitely still consider it. If you find that there is an independent entity then in most cases, you don’t have those legacy assets, but you still may have larger institutional contracts or other things that would still have to be evaluated if there is a change of ownership. What we do is look at the value of the entity fully with those assets incorporated and what happens if you maintain to more loose them to come up with evaluation and that’s what we would do and even though I’m sitting with the capital as we said, when we don’t see things, we buy more of our stock back and raise our dividend etcetera and that’s what we’ll continue to do. We’re not just looking to spend the capital on assets that are out there. There are assets out there but we have looked at various ones and again, we look at we’re going to be left with in the end to decide whether it would be appropriate for us. So we’re not opposed to that. I think what I would do in the future is if I did an asset like that again I would help to be as clear as I can with you to understand what that outflow may be so that we understood, it. But it would be to really buy what would be underneath it that would maintain and live rather than just what you would buy in a transition basis. I hope that answers your question and that’s what we tried to do with Columbia and we think we are pretty good with that having said that, you still live with the outflows for periods of time. 
Jim Cracchiolo: What we have said right now is in combination, we wanted to return roughly as our starting point about 90% of our earnings to the investor based on where we are at capital position of free cash flow. With that we are trying to rebalance it a bit more to have the mix a bit more in the dividends as investors have expressed that interest and that’s why over the last 2 years, we have raised the dividend 165%. So we’re over a 3% yield, which we like at this point based upon the interest that’s there in the marketplace. We’re not managing to a 3%, we’re managing more to an overall payout ratio that we would give back to the investors between dividend and buyback. We’re not going to chase it up and down but we will look for a steady amount of dividend and a steady amount that we can have of an increase. That’s what we actually tried to do since we’ve been public. There is only one year that we didn’t raise our dividend and I more than made up for it with the 5 increases over the last 2 years. And so we tried to maintain our dividend so that we wouldn’t cut it, and we manage that to be a certain level of cash that we feel very comfortable with and at the same time, we would like to continue to grow the dividends over time consistent with that, but we did increase it a bit more than we would have thought in the past because of what we think the combination interest in our cash flow is today. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, the bank decision is really driven based upon, I think the combination of the pressure that would be -- we only had a small banking institution and the bank would subject the entire entity to certain other requirements that we didn’t necessarily see as reasonable and appropriate at this point in time. For the bank itself, we had a no issue or concern about the regulatory requirements for it. It was more of how that would subject the entire institution and limit our abilities to operate in the businesses that we are, because we are heavily regulated in those businesses to begin with. So that was really the decision. It wasn’t just to free up that capital. In the end it does free up that capital and based on again, that it was a smaller institution and the amount of capital we had in it. It sort of offsets the earnings that we had in that at this point in time. The fixed annuity book, we have looked at the various things that are out in the marketplace. We actually generate a nice return on that book. Yes, it is running off a bit. At the end of the day we've evaluated those alternatives and we don’t think that would be favorable for us. But Walter can comment a bit more on that but we constantly look at alternatives but we felt that we’re in a better position than what others may have that are needed to sell that off. 
Jim Cracchiolo: Right on the number of funds I think we're pretty stable. I don’t know if it moved by one or 2 or something but I think we’re pretty consistent and stable in that regard. I would say we will try to give you a flavor for how we’re thinking about, our distribution and flow activity. What I can't predict, to be very honest is, again will equities come back, when will it come back, what categories are most important right now. We know that in certain of the categories, we've been winning some good business. I think what's offsetting or some of the things that we mentioned to you, and there is some other categories that give big inflows that we haven't played in. But I actually feel like we are in a reasonably good situation but there is a lot more that we can continue to do and we’re working hard to do that. So why don’t we leave it from 2 weeks from now and that will be a better way for us to sort of lay that out and take some of your questions. 
