Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, Andrew, this is Jim. We continue to see a good pickup of activity over the course of the year. We were still having very strong wrap flows even in the prior quarter, as you saw in our results over the year. But we saw a bit of an increase in the fourth quarter. We actually grew our client base. We - our new client acquisition picked up even more. And we saw a good level of activity with our advisers. Now some of that could be people feeling a little better as the vaccine came about as well and the idea that the economy and activities would continue to open up. But I would probably say we've seen a more consistent strong flow coming in. So, we feel good about the underlying growth factors. And it was both from the legacy clients that we have organically as well as some new clients that we added.
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay. So we definitely more than achieved the reengineering goal that we mentioned to you of $125 million. So that's embedded in our numbers. I think what you're seeing overall, and we've been talking about that, not just for like the fourth quarter, but over the course of the remaining part of the year after the pandemic. And so we had increased our reengineering goals in that regard, and we did achieve them. Our expenses are being managed very well. But I would also say, we did also increase some investments we were making. We wanted to accelerate because of the great productivity we're having to even add a bit more in some of the technology and the capabilities that we wanted to bring to both the advisers and from a client perspective and our web activities. So our investment agenda last year was actually a bit higher in total dollars than in the year before. So that was embedded in our numbers. What I would say is the pickup you saw in a little bit of expenses were more from the stock price appreciation and what that does in some of our deferral programs on a mark-to-market. And that absorbed and some true-ups and some compensation based on the year and the strong fourth quarter. So I feel good about the expenses going into the New Year. I think they will increase if the economy opens up a bit more as we bring travel and T&E and some other expenses back to some extent. And we continue our investment agenda. But I think we're going to manage expenses pretty well. And you can - you know how we do that over time, but we'll continue to look at the business growth, the revenue growth and the market climate as we do that.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So we definitely saw a pickup as we went from the second to the third to the fourth quarter in transaction activities, and they got back more of that to a normal level. In fact, they were up 5% over the year before is fourth quarter. So, we felt good. The pickup was, as you mentioned, both in the brokerage activity, but as well as in some long duration. I mean even in our business where we sell our annuities, there was a strong pickup and continued in our structured annuity business and even a pickup in the insurance business. So we feel like we've gotten back to a more normalized level, and we're thinking that, that will continue as we go through the New Year.
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay, Mr. Walter, I just say that we're still targeting about 90% for this year. I think your question was on buyback.
Jim Cracchiolo: We look more for additional capabilities, and that will continue to add our ability for us to grow. I mean, in certain acquisitions, it does provide some additional scale, we do and we've invested heavily into our platform, capabilities and technology that we could add more assets with very minimal costs. So we feel that we have that ability as well. But, primarily, we look strategically about how we continue to round out and have a strong quality asset manager globally.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So I think if you look at our supplemental, you'll see, first of all, we've had very strong investment performance across our fun family. I mean, particularly if you look at, take equities as an example, are beating the benchmark on the one, three and five year, three and five years especially strong. Our fixed income strategy is strong. Threadneedle is having very strong performance across their range. So we feel like we have a broader good lineup of funds, as I mentioned to in my talking points, there were over 30 funds in that gross more than a $1 billion. We had good net inflows and a number in the range of funds, so it's broaden from where we were. So we are continuing to see good flow in equities, or particularly in the income-oriented equities across a lineup. We're seeing a pickup in activity in global and European activity in some of our funds there. In fixed income, we see it in certain of our income ranges, like mortgages, et cetera. And you also in equities, and manage the - we have risk allocation funds that are doing well. You know, and also growth and we're probably going to see a bit more of a shift a little bit more into the value maybe, which we have a lineup there as well. So I would say it's broadened out, so I would also reckoned that, if you look at our lineup in equities, it's been very strong as from a flow perspective.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So I think what we would probably say is, we see the trend line continuing, we see our advisor productivity as still quite strong up. I mean, if you adjust for sort of the interest advisor, productivity was up, 8% or more. And that's across a very large base. And so that's really positive, we've seen a pickup as is you saw in our flows and fees - our financial planning is up. So, I would say that, we want to continue to see that trend line of the margin continued to accrete. We also think we sort of hit a low point on the interest side of that. And over time, as we deploy a bit more into the bank, and get some spread there, that will be helpful as well. So, I would probably want to see that a margin continued to be targeted to get back into the 20 plus percent range.
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, I would say, we're in the - we're in the range, and certainly, from that stand, because - with the rates where they are and looking at the spreads that transactions can be done. So while certainly be beneficial, if you get a higher rate coming in. But we are certainly feeling comfortable in this range. And we are - as Jim indicated pursuing.
Jim Cracchiolo: So, Tom, I would probably say as we look at it, and I'll have Walter comment. We always evaluate our businesses and look at them both individually and collectively. But there's nothing that ties together, us doing a fixed transaction, fixed annuity transaction versus evaluating something in addition to or different than. So Walter, I'll let you.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. The other thing I would say, Tom, is as you saw, we have shifted our emphasis and also both the new business being put on, but also the current business, derisk a lot in our book, just like we had closed off fixed, are shifting now to structured from guarantees, are shifting from fixed insurance to variable, which is a better product, both for the client and us in this rate environment. So we're continuing to change that mix and the shift of that mix, but we will definitely continue to evaluate if there are other books that could be or should be reinsured or that would make sense for us.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, I would say, Tom, as I mentioned, all of the full - mainly the increase of the total flows, we've had more of an ongoing of bringing in new advisers. And so there is nothing special in the fourth quarter. It was a continuation. I mean we continued to bring in a good level of top advisers in the industry with good production. But as you saw, that's been consistent. Third quarter, we brought in good, even the second quarter after the pandemic that picked up nicely and the first quarter was good. So - now that continues as an ongoing trend line in the spot of numbers. But I would say that it was more of increased activity from our current client flows as well as new clients that are current advisers we're bringing into the franchise. Now, whether that continues at 8 billion being the base? I can't tell you that, right? I think we all saw a pickup in some level of activities in the fourth quarter and the industry clients put some more money to work because maybe it’s a bit more optimism of the opening. But I would say underlying it, we feel good about the activity, the level, it wasn’t like it went from $2 billion to $8 billion, it was $6 billion in the third quarter. So - but whether it's eight, or seven or six, I can’t tell you that exactly, I mean, there is always some level of seasonality et cetera as well. But I feel good about the underlying, and I feel good that there will be a good underlying trend there as we move into this year, if there is no major disruption. So that’s what I would say.
Jim Cracchiolo: I think, Suneet it's a combination of factors. I think we've definitely - first of all, we have - we've had some strong investment performance, but I think it's been very consistent. And it's been, and now, for some that were underperforming, has bounced back nicely as well. So across a larger range, we have very good performance. So I think, you know, investment performance is part of a given here of what's necessary. I think that the team has done a really a great job of broadening the distribution, getting better relationships established more on the various platforms, and the due diligence and et cetera. I think we have a wide range of products that are wider range that have been considered than in the past, as well, and particularly in certain categories that are making sense, like I said, an income categories. So I think it's a combination of factors that we worked hard at over the last number of years that is starting to show some good results. You know, we've made a lot of investments both in the AWM business to continue to get flows and productivity and the same thing in the asset management business. You know, we continue, we actually completed our whole trading and attribution platform. You know, in Columbia Threadneedle, the ability to share research globally has improved the ability to actually get more data and analytics, informed to our investment people, our distribution people to improve targeting to understand where there might be some good opportunities. I actually think that Europe showed a nice bounce back, remember we had to go through a lot of change there of establishing a whole European lineup of funds with Brexit. And it sort of took us out of the market a bit for a while. And now that we're we've got that lineup established, we saw really strong flows into Europe, this last quarter. UK still a little weak, because sort of, Brexit in the economy being closed, but we still see some signs that you know if that can open with Brexit, you know, moving to another - completion there that that would also help. So I think it's a combination of factors, just as you said, I wouldn't point to one, but that's what gives us a good feeling as we move forward.
Jim Cracchiolo: So I would start, but I’ll let Walter to complete. I mean, we feel like as we can continue to derive good margin and good returns from the bank activity as a compliment to get greater spread or growth in various loan books there, like, our pledge assets was growing nicely in the fourth quarter, we took over half of that book back. And it - the growth is being picked up, which is - will be a good product for us. So we feel very comfortable continuing to add capital as required there. As you can see, all overall returns for the total firm are up in the mid to upper 30s. So it's not as though we have a return issue. And would still, even with that, our cash flow and what we generate is strong. So it still gives us a good capital that we could continue to return or look for organic acquisition. So I don't think that is going to be a pressing issue for us. But, Walter, if you have something to comment.
Jim Cracchiolo: And also Suneet, as you can see, whether we evaluate the sale and do a transaction of fixed annuities, that will free up capital there, or even lighten some of the areas of where we’re having some of the fixed books.
Jim Cracchiolo: So, I'm not sure I understand the second part of the question. But would I - I would first - for the first part, I would say, we've seen a nice pickup through the third-party channels in complement to Ameriprise. Ameriprise actually picked up a bit. But what I would just say, it is no different than what we're seeing as a pickup across the major distributors that we have. And so, both have been positive in that regard, because of the combination of the products that were put into market and the performance, et cetera. From a regard to what does that mean, the economics between the internal sale and the external sale to us is the same. I mean, we pay the same on it. The fees are the same on it, et cetera. So I'm not sure there is a material difference in that way. But, overall, as you continue to get good flows, I think the return will be good for us.
Jim Cracchiolo: So I would say, Alex, as we look at our business, we look at our business, we have a good line-up. We have scale. We have a global platform today. It's not as though, however, I could say, we have everything we would want in fixed or equities or solutions in all parts of the world. So I think we individually evaluate that from sort of sort of the core of what we do manage today, as well as looking at more of the type of platforms that are necessary. So we're growing a bit more in our solutions business. We're adding some alternatives, some real estate and things like that over time. So it's more of all their other distribution capabilities and other methods to add to and how we manage assets for clients, things like that as well as from a product perspective. We're not against adding scale. Let me be very clear about that. But it would have to be a transaction where it gives us a complement of things rather than we just want to put assets on the platform.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. I'll begin and let Walter. So we see an opportunity to continue, as we said, both for the movement of some of our sweep activities further into the bank. As you saw over the course of last year, we moved the bank up from roughly $4 billion to $8 billion. So we gradually started to shift more into the bank. We see that continuing in the 2021 here in the New Year. We're also trying to add more on the product capability, like we picked up the pledged loan book. We launched the mortgage product. We'll start to look to add some deposit products, other deposit products so the latter part of the year, maybe into next year. So there are different things like that we're looking at. But we feel the opportunity that we'll continue to shift a bit more into the bank on a gradual quarterly basis as we move forward.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. I mean, I could probably say that organic growth in client acquisition is up. Nicely, both for the overall client base, but in particular, also for what we would call the targeted clients that we want in the five to five category. That has been nice and strong and picked up nicely as we went through the quarters in the year. The flows from the current client base, continues to be good and actually pick up further in the fourth quarter, as I said to you. The years that we're bringing in and the business and production they're bringing in, continues along the trend line that we spoke to you about, particularly as we continue to move more years into both the employee channel and the independent channel, and that has picked up nicely and continue to add scale to us. So, it's a combination of factors. We continue to get more efficient based on the technology we deploy that helps advisers concentrate more on their client engagement and can actually focus more on what they can do to deepen. Our advice formula is working really well. We have more than 50% of the majority of our clients now have goals online that they can track and progress with and see very visibly of what they're doing and executing their strategies. So all of those things, we feel really strengthen the underlying core of the base. And so remember, with the client base we have, with the deepening we have with those clients, with the further engagement around advice and with our advisers now feeling a little more comfortable dealing with the pandemic that they can go out and get more new clients and add clients in this environment or as the environment improves, and open, I think, will be a positive for us. So, I can't judge it against any particular. I know a number of our competitors have - if I look at what the warehouses were reported, et cetera, I think we're standing pretty strong against that. If I look at competitors that have acquired and have added through acquisitions, of course, you're always going to see an increase because of what's put on from that end on a comparative basis. So I can't necessarily separate them. But I feel organically and from a core business, we're doing very well.
Jim Cracchiolo: We see some interest in it. We feel very good about the position of the risk profile that we see. But certainly, we've seen some interest and we'll just continue to evaluate.
Walter Berman: So as Jim said and I said in my talks, we are certainly actively looking. And we do believe that certainly, we have freed up the capital that's there. And then we have to gauge the basic and then in implications of the rate, but we certainly feel that we will free up a reasonable amount of capital, and we're working to evaluate.
Walter Berman: Yes. So we have a consistent capital deployment strategy, as you've seen over the years, we first of all, make the right investments in the business that we think are good and appropriate for us that will get strong growth and productivity from. From there, we then evaluate the opportunities that may, from both - continuing to us to increase our dividend, buyback appropriately based on the free cash flow that we generate, which is very strong, but we also evaluate acquisition opportunity. And in that regard, we do see that there is more opportunities coming about, but we're very disciplined of what would strategically help us grow, what we can get good returns what would fit into both our culture and the environment to keep us on track. And so we will continue to evaluate that, we have excess capital that would help along those lines, as well as, you know, what we would do as we look out based on the cash that we generate. So that's the way we look at it, we haven't changed that philosophy. And we'll continue to focus in that way as we move forward.
Walter Berman: Yes. It's Walter. We're seeing good demand, as you're indicating. And certainly while our spreads are widen well, excuse me, rates are widen. We've seen some narrowing spreads, but we feel very comfortable. We're ranges that transactions can be executed.
Walter Berman: Yes. So let me just say this. On fixed annuities, there's a higher confidence. And clearly, that from our standpoint, that's what we're focusing on. And but as Jim has said, we will entertain and look at that from that standpoint, the quality of our book and the earnings and everything, it certainly has potential, and we will continue to evaluate it. But right now, we're focused on fixed annuities.
Walter Berman: Yes. So I think we pretty much hit our target for the yearend. And you are correct, I would say probably a good number think about. It will move up because of the business mix shift. And we're, I would say, move up maybe to 18% would be something like a reasonable number.
Walter Berman: No. The only thing I'll add to that is that, we have in our plan allocated additional capital for the growth that Jim was talking about and feel comfortable where, obviously, return is, certainly good, when we look at it relative to the off balance sheet. So we feel comfortable with that. And to - then maintain that risk return equation. So, yes, we have allocated more capital to it, and we have the capital to do that.
Walter Berman: As, like I said, we're managing expenses so well, and we're looking at the environment, but I would say that you should look for a couple of basis points that we will evaluate on that a couple of cent points on that. That's the range as we look at it. And we're looking to again, sticking to our investment strategy at the same time with our reinsurance programs, but that's a reasonable range, a couple of percent points.
Walter Berman: No, no. I think to the other part of your question, we certainly have the capacity of our wealth balance sheet to accommodate, what Jim just said to in the plans that we filed to grow the banks and the capital. So we have certain position with that.
Walter Berman: Okay. So we - as you saw this year, we saw improvements both, unfortunately, termination and less people entering into long-term facilities care. We have not built any of that into our unlocking assumptions, and we are not - again, we're monitoring the situation. And we're seeing. But with the programs we've put in place, both on premium increased benefit shifts and things like that and the claims that we're seeing, and we feel very good about the book, and it's risk protected risk situation.
Walter Berman: I think as we continue to see what is happening both in our book, but also as we evaluate client behavior or happening what's in that regard. I think if anything, the risk profile continues to look as more favorable. And as people better understand what that is in the marketplace and what they might be interested in, I think it does open up some additional thoughts or opportunities possibly as we go forward. So I think we're very open to continue to see how that plays out and through, and maybe that will provide other evaluation and opportunities as we go along.
