Walter Berman: Okay, if you look at the year for 2013 it was 13.8% we ended at 14.2%. Looking at it and looking at the revenue growth we see and trying to manage our expenses basically flat or little above that. Probably I would say somewhere around 150 to 200 basis points above that should be a reasonable target range for the average for the year.
Walter Berman: Yes and again as Jim has said, the issue -- the number’s important no matter -- but it's actually the quality of the advisor we’re bringing which from a trailing 12 and the AUM we’re bringing on is substantially higher than we have seen in 2013. So Jim has indicated that we certainly at one point will start to grow the number but really the most important thing to concentrate on is the quality and the activity levels in AUM they are bringing which is really leverages the profitability of the AUM activity. Again we’re looking at and we’re dealing with trying to drive profitable growth and so on that basis that will be the focus and certainly I agree if you -- more you bring on but again profitable advisors is the key here.
Walter Berman: I think it's taking a little long. I think we’re making good progress but it is taking a little longer from that standpoint and certainly we seeing sales that are good and redemptions are slowing. So we feel good about it but it is certainly taking a little longer than we indicated.
Walter Berman: Yes we’re seeing some tick up, again we’re staying within the target zones that we talked about on the pay backs from a P&L standpoint under three years. Probably the biggest thing that is causing more I would say resistance from moving over is the market. When you get markets that are this strong it does create complacency but we’re still able to attract the type of advisors that we want -- which will drive profitable growth and it certainly is a bit more challenging but the team is doing an excellent job.
Walter Berman: Again the mandate was based upon our capability and certainly demonstrating not just of the performance of the PM but the total capability of Threadneedle. Once they decided to leave their prior investment house we basically went into a bidding with them and certainly they demonstrated the capabilities that we had and they felt comfortable. As far as pipeline I can say as we talked about in the announcement the U.S. equity was down 2.1 billion but if you back away from that it was very, very strong growth both in retail and instructional. So it was a very good pipeline there and so we are feeling quite good about that and certainly we are quite I guess favorably taking with the -- awarding of the 5.5 billion from St. James it was certainly a good recognition of our capability.
Walter Berman: Nigel I’m having a little trouble because you’re breaking up. Could you repeat the question? I just don’t want to not answer it appropriately.
Walter Berman: Yes. Generally what is happening as we talked about we’re clearly seeing an improvement and as Jim has said it has moved from actually a loss situation into a positive. It's margins are in the 4 to 5 range and what you’re having is again advisors being attracted in. They are vintaging out, and they are also making a greater contribution to the fixed base. So we certainly think it's on the right trajectory to sort of yield the target of profitabilities that we see, but that has certainly occurred in the first quarter. 
Walter Berman: The charge we took in the quarter, yes, back in the fourth quarter we took a charge of $20 million relating to bodily injury and uninsured motorists and what that related to was the 2011, 2012 primarily and what was happening we are seeing more legal claims moving into legal status from that [ph] which elongates them and certainly takes on a different reserving profile. We saw that continue to deteriorate after extensive review in the first quarter and that’s why we decided to take the reserves up. But we also took a look at 2013, while certainly it's a travel with that but certainly the initial indication is that some of the actions that we took plays in 2012 and 2011 as it relates both the pricing risk changes that we made and also looking at it from a credit linking to pricing and then focusing more eliminating or slowing down on the non-client is really starting to pay dividends, it's little early victory but certainly we’re seeing concrete evidence of improvement. The business is an excellent business, it really does, their service levels, their capabilities and meeting their affinity group. It is a real asset to the firm and yes we’re dealing with this and looking at it and we feel that we’re making the changes and it's a valuable portion of the form, while it's not core. It certainly adds a good diversifier and it's an important element. So again no guarantees but we certainly feel -- we’re dealing with it and they have good growth and a matter of fact they just added another line of business in the travel accident which again will add another dimension to their capability. So we think again working with them to look at an improved the value proposition as we move forward.  
Walter Berman: Again it's not, certainly the activity contributes to it but I will say we also saw a slowdown in annuity sales which negated it to a degree but it's not really material. The real as I mentioned, was the impact of the expense and again the timing of the expense. So we get the certainly the syndicates and REITs are coming through at different times we don’t know. But it was not a major-major element, we certainly had great performance in the quarter without that. I have not seen looking at the information and I’ve seen that I believe our productivity and performance characteristics and the growth in our assets and wrap assets are continuing. So again there was a little -- if you get into I don’t want to make excuses, there is a little weather activity going on the first as you saw in our auto and home which certainly didn’t help the situation but I think we’re tracking.
Walter Berman: I don’t have the exact number. I will get that back to you but it's certainly my recollection it was certainly, it was above that but let me get back to you on that.
Walter Berman: Absolutely. The quality of what we’re bringing on again is certainly at a higher level both from a production and from assets under management.
