Walter Berman: Sure. I'll take that. The number is $1.3 billion. And it's down $300 million from last quarter and the main drivers on that is the market dislocation and the growth in the bank and the remainder is coming from the unlocking.
Walter Berman: Yes, I would say that yes, it did increase a little bit. But I think the run rate you are talking about between 180 range is certainly one two, that's we anticipate going forward. And yes, the interest rates, we'll take that up again, as we do it, because we are reinvesting out. As we looked at the portfolio and the opportunities because we basically say short duration now, we're taking advantages we move out. But it will go off, but I would say I would start with 180 ranks.
Walter Berman: On the pledge, I am sorry, I didn't hear, in pledge loan is actually, right now it's adjusting with markets, but it's growing steadily. And we feel very comfortable with it. And from that standpoint, it's a total of that is an over the $1 billion range for total standpoint with our program. So we feel very comfortable with it.
Walter Berman: Yes, so let me take an approximate, this is Walter, approximately because we're short duration, if you look at it, where duration is tad over three, that you should expect over $3 billion to mature in the year. And I don't have the exact numbers on yield, but you should imagine that it's we're going to pick up at least 300 or 400 basis points versus what's mature. And I can have Alicia, get back to you on that.
Walter Berman: So as far as third-party demand, certainly we have an extensive program, and we do not have an issue on the placement of the funds from that standpoint. And we also, again the bank allows us to capability as I talked about growing and certainly reinvesting more directly with our bank institution. As far as the deposit beta, look, we do a competitive scan each week, we certainly evaluated certain as rates go up and we look at the competitive elements, because you look at the per account compensation or client crediting rates, they will change and I'm sure they will be going up as relates to this. Of course, our main focus is to ensure that our clients are getting appropriate rates that are competitive.
Walter Berman: I would say this is a healthy environment, but it's a healthy environment. And certainly we saw back a couple of months ago from that standpoint. Absolutely.
Walter Berman: The only thing I'd add there is I think Alicia said yesterday, over 50% of this transitional working cash is less than $100,000 or $100,000 less. So is -- its stickiness is there. And certainly we are competitive in what we do. So I think this sorting is less of an issue for us from that standpoint. Because in the higher tiers, we are competitive, and we constantly evaluate, like I said weekly, to ensure that stays. So it's a different model that we have. And I think it's demonstrating its stickiness.
Walter Berman: So let me take a shot. Listen, obviously, we have a growing situation, certainly with the getting additional cash from our current clients and new year is coming. And so we think we see that as growing from that standpoint. And we will gauge it as obviously the impact of looking at alternatives because it is again transitional on where it's going to go. But that is something from a directional standpoint, very sticky. And we do see certainly potential to grow, but we will then look for, as I indicated the ability to redeploy in our multiple strategies to ensure the stability of our earnings that we have both garnering the higher yield with the certainly the high the low risk profile that we do and to ensure that so I would say that, you'll see the percentage going over the bank increasing as we've progressed as we feel comfortable, it's all situational driven. And that's why I said, when I said my top points, $3 billion is probably at least $3 billion because we do see in this case, but we reevaluate that there's substantial opportunity to use the bank, not just for the investments we're talking about to grow the capabilities that we have to meet our clients' needs also with deposit projects and hybrid products that they're developing at this stage.
Walter Berman: So on the margins, as you saw certainly as relates to the markets that we looked at last year they are running they're in their 40s. And we mentioned that we're certainly getting the benefits from the market appreciation was taking place. And now you're saying from that standpoint, we've already absorbed the lower margin, as we indicated to that associated to BMO business, which is the nature of their business. So this 35.6 is around range is that above, slightly above our target of 31 to 35, that's been impacted by the markets, primarily, there's no abnormalities that we see other than the foreign exchange and everything that have impacted that. But as I mentioned, the market basically deprecation substantially took place in the September timeframe. So you will see a carryover of that into the fourth quarter, but there'll be a market driven situation, we'll probably move it to the low end of the range.
Walter Berman: Okay, the key elements that drove it from the actuarial net was that we adjusted our mortality tables, and from the standpoint we looked at our experience and so that was one and then we also saw our lower laps is coming in and therefore extending a living benefit only those that are partner. Again, nothing out of pattern. It was just -- that was the trendline.
Walter Berman: Well, it's interesting, because listen, I think, as you look at the amount of free cash flow, we generate in the amount of excess capital we have, and our ability to does not inhibited in any manner, shape or form our ability to continue to grow and invest in a bank to garner the benefits of both and we constantly are making that evaluation accessing our access as it is the situation and the generation that we have. So I would say the return to the bank are certainly getting to very respectful levels. And the buyback from that standpoint is an element that we look at, certainly our excess, looking at the opportunity to return to shareholders, and then other opportunities, but one of the things that we constantly do is the ability that we are not basically stopping or reducing our impact of investing in the business. And that is a key to us. So I would say they're not mutually exclusive. We can't --
Walter Berman: I am -- instead of forecasting, Tom, nothing against report because will say, as you see what the trend lines are, and certainly, the elements of potential rate increases and the balances we have, but there's a lot of variables that go into it. But certainly, we have a very, very strong trend line as we certainly go into the fourth quarter and going into 2023. And we feel with the complement of both the short cash coming out of the sweep accounts and the investments there. And the spreads that we're picking up in the bank, you can imagine is going to be a positive trend as we move in to the fourth and first in 2023.
Walter Berman: The next year as well. For 2023 that's what I would say the bulk of the synergies will be achieved as we go. And we will also then complete our most of our transition expense activities that relate to it. And so we're on track, and we're pulling in.
Walter Berman: The mortality in our normal life business. Again, our mortality in life is we using basically industry tables right now we are basically saying that our trends are totally consistent with the industry tables that we've been that are out there.
Walter Berman: So, listen, our margin the base business is increasing. But really, we are getting a lift from the interest rates and that is an important contributor. And certainly we do see margins from those activities of being a larger element as you look at the bank and you look at the free cash. So yes, the answer is yes, we do see the margins will be increasing based upon the current assumptions that we see.
Jim Cracchiolo: So as relates to '23, we, I indicated that the, it's probably better to say it was at least two, we would add $3 billion next year, we obviously will gauge the situation, we certainly have the capacity to do more, both from the availability of liabilities and capital. And we will assess it and the key element associated with that is also the availability of investments that meet our standards, both from a quality standpoint and diversification standpoint, that will be a factor in that. We feel very comfortable with the balances we have that will be the source of that. So I would probably modify and say at least $3 billion.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, we, so we're very much focused on continuing to bring in quality recruits, we just don't want to associate people to us and have been a processing platform per se. As you can see, we have a very good strong client value proposition. That's very important. That's why we generate good returns good margins, good retention of assets, we ensure that we have an excellent client experience, keeping our client satisfaction really high. And we really focus on helping good quality advisors grow their practices, and retain and build. So we're going to continue to look and attract good advisors in. We're spending a bit more time on bringing in some younger people again, and building succession in their practices and helping advisors extend their teams. And we're also building out our IPI group which is our institutional business and we're winning some nice accounts there and grow in the advisor force. And we're also doing some work on our remote channels and expanding that activity that we think will also be a compliment. So along those lines, we are putting money to work we are investing et cetera. So it's not so much about the use of capital, it's more about continuing to drive in the areas that areas that we think we can generate both good returns, but more importantly, continue to build out against our value proposition.
Jim Cracchiolo: Sure, Suneet. So I think as everyone is aware this is a very large market, it's over $1.3 trillion in the UK, depends on the day. And it's really used by almost all the pension funds, they're supported by the regulatory authorities. The long-term gilt and European interest rates increased dramatically in September. And that resulted in clients having to post additional collateral to maintain their LDI coverage ratio ratios. The volatility was something that wasn't necessarily seen in the past, it was in the 15, to 18, standard deviation type event, which is really abnormal, and so that volatility affecting the bond markets, interest rates going up, et cetera. So clients have maintained their LDI positions, as you would expect the systems. And we think this will normalize over time, but they had to post more collateral and then free up some assets to do it. This market will come back around and a sense of the stabilization and the reverting back to the mean. So we feel like the market will continue to be very important there. And the pension funds will continue to utilize that for the way they have to manage their assets going forward to get the returns. But we do expect some adjustments in the market going forward. Some players would have to reduce leverage a bit, there may be some more operational adjustments to make sure that the markets can flow a bit more easily as you get these types of dislocations. And with us, you, of course saw asset level decline, meaning from the depreciation of the market, but we really haven't seen major outflows in any fashion. And in fact, there's some new business that came in. So we feel like this market will recover. And we feel like we can still do a good business there and it won't have a significant long-term effect.
Jim Cracchiolo: So, again, I think markets going through a level of dislocation right now and some pressure from as you can see the appreciation of the market and flows, we are very much focused on really the business that we have right now. We're integrating the BMO and international and that's going well, and that's consuming in some time and attention. At the same time, we know that this is a time for us to really engage our clients and maintain it. And we have a lot of good new stuff going on in some of the areas and disciplines that we've been investing in from ESG to some of the institutional and OCIO and et cetera, et cetera and some alternatives. So we feel good about the hand, we don't know that down the road, if there's more significant dislocation, and it makes some sense. Maybe we'll play but right now it's not as something we have on the plate.
Jim Cracchiolo: Sure, Andrew. So as we said, we wanted to survey the markets to potential and what the opportunity may be just to evaluate. And in so doing, what we found, most importantly, is that there aren't a lot of market participates -- participants that have transacted or interested in more what I would call high quality books. In a sense, they've been much more focused on general count assets so that they can invest with using their various structures and capital situations. So we don't think the market has sufficiently evolved to look at the type of business that we have, and the type of value that we realize from that business. And so at this juncture, we actually feel very good about holding business, we actually de-risk the business tremendously, we move out of a lot of types of businesses that have a bit more of that volatility or long-term tail on mix of business, including our variable annuities without living benefits as a significant part of our portfolio. The other portfolio with the living benefits that's closed at this point, was actually done in the right way with the right benefits and the right hedging. And so we get good cash flow from these businesses and good stability. I think you've even saw in the current quarter; this has been a nice stability for us as you get appreciating markets on the equity side. And now wealth is able to even invest out longer and get higher yields on the book, which is good. In our long-term care book, you could see the quality of that even over the current years, a number of years. And so here again, there might be some opportunities, as people start to get more informed on this over time that we'll see. And I think we're starting to, but I think at this juncture, we're very comfortable with the hand we have what we're doing the type of businesses we maintain and type of businesses, we invest in, the type of businesses that we move up and handle the book to manage. And so we actually think it's a great compliment, particular an environment like this.
Jim Cracchiolo: So again, good question and I think we've mentioned that a little higher level. So let me dig a little deeper for you. So overall in across our portfolios, even for the one year, the very good there are a few pockets that where we have some underperformance but it's not by a lot that really brings the averages down. So some of that's in our fixed income. So in some of the longest duration, because of the rise, the spike in interest rates as quickly, our teams were much more focused on the credit side, and so the duration was a bit longer. And so that impact now that will come and reverse around as we get further out where the yields will be good and et cetera. But I would probably say that's where we've gotten some of the impact not on the shorter duration on the longer. And then the second part is in Europe. And it's not because of underperformance. It's because in Europe, when they have equities, they don't break their benchmark into value versus growth, et cetera. And so we have more growth quality-oriented portfolios. And as you wouldn't have understood value has performed a bit better in this market, even though it's down, it's been down less than growth oriented. And so those benchmarks underperform the benchmark, but our clients there understand that that's why they invested in the portfolios, and they know and feel good about what that is over the longer term. But on a benchmark basis that's why you got the underperformance.
Jim Cracchiolo: So let me start and if Walter wants to complement. So we already have an in what you've seen in the growth of all cash, there's already had the catch of cash sorting occurring. So the growth of cash itself, if you'd call it in a logic category is higher than $46 billion because money has gone into money markets, and they have gone into shorter duration funds and some brokerage activities. And so with the growth that we have, this is more of the continuation of the growth that's more in the transactional health of the cash or in our certificate programs. And so we saw some of that cash sorting occur in the third quarter, as you said, we may see some more of it. But the ties of the cash have grown because people have moved money to the sidelines.
Jim Cracchiolo: It will be launched in a number of deposit products in the bank, starting in the first quarter and then high yielding types of deposits and other things that you see in some of the other types of institutions later in the year. So we feel there's an opportunity to not just transfer money in but to absolutely grow the deposit base.
Jim Cracchiolo: And foreign exchange we have 40% of our assets. And a year ago with the BMO acquisition in Europe, in the UK, and you can see the size of that depreciation of the pound and the euro. And that had a sizable effect. Now, hopefully, that will stabilize and over time because the dollar so strong, maybe start to come back in a fashion that would be a positive. But the combination of that and appreciating markets have really squeezed that a bit.
Jim Cracchiolo: And we did not adjust our interest rates where we had lower than a year ago, and you can see the rise in interest rates.
Jim Cracchiolo: And I think you'll also find that the bank now will become a nice complement. And it's not just for what it is today, but strategically it will actually help us expand our relationships, deepen them with clients, offer a lot of other products and situational for the wealth business. And so we actually think it's a great diversifier and a great complement, and that capital that was applying will get a very good return on it.
Jim Cracchiolo: I would say this, what I was saying is there is an increase in crediting rates and they will be as rates continue to be persistent or go up, we will make adjustments again, based on size of accounting, whether it's really a transactional or not in keeping the cash, but as Water said, some of that could be will be offset based on some of the rollover and assets we have in the bank and how to invest as well as what we transfer. But also if there's a question is the Fed going to continue to raise rates? I mean, it's pretty much we think is going to go up again, I know there's a lot of things that the Fed's going to pull back next year. But with inflation so persistent, I'm not sure that's the case. And if it is we have the ability to invest out. So I think we're feeling very good that what we get from the bank, what we get from the overall business will offset the appreciating markets and give us a nice compliment here.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, so we are getting some nice wins. And we're actually have a good pipeline of even some larger size types of deals arrangements. And as those deals occur, the assets usually follow. So in that sense, you have that pipeline that occurs, and then you bring on the advisors, et cetera, to help grow those channels. So we feel it'll be a nice a growth, business progress, again, based on the size and scale compared to other businesses. It's not of the scale yet, but we think this will grow in scale over time, and so we feel very good about it. We don't break out information yet. That'll be something we'll look at down the road.
Jim Cracchiolo: Look, the only thing I mean, what, the way I would position it to you is we've always had a certain level that is held in our cash based on how we do asset allocation, how we have it for clients, liquidity needs and emergency or even for cash to reinvest in and balances that ability to allocate. And so if you assume that's the case, 5%, 6%, you can look at it that way. Of course, cash has built up a bit more, and we saw that and that's why I said there's a complement the cash above what we're holding that has gone into some of these other types of money markets and other things and, and broker CDs, et cetera, et cetera so structured. So I would probably say we are not seeing that there will be a dramatic fall off in the cash that we're holding, there may be some adjustment because it's gone up a bit. But we feel very comfortable that within that type of range of percentage to assets. Because again, this is not where people are holding huge amounts of cash just short term, they usually, our advisors usually invest that at one level anyway, even if it's in a type of cash product or a bond. I think over time fixed income will come back. That bodes well for our asset management businesses well and go to work in a wrap accounts. But I still think that the 5% or 6% would be rational decline as we've seen over the past.
Jim Cracchiolo: Synergies from. Synergies, right now actually on track. As we talked about, we gave in when we announced that we are tracking on synergies, obviously, from that standpoint, and the synergies between us --what.
Jim Cracchiolo: And most of what you saw in the reduction expenses wasn't necessarily from synergies yet in the current periods. So that's more of tightening up our expenses. As we go in. And the team's doing a good job of rationalizing what that is, and we'll look to maintain control of those expenses, we are still making a nice investment in asset management. But I think the synergies will be helpful as well as we go in that will offset some of the compression that we're seeing in the European markets.
Suneet Kamath: Great, thanks. Just wanted to go back to the bank, if I could. I guess in addition to adding more deposits, we're thinking another lever you guys have is to reinvest some assets that are maturing that the deposits are currently supporting. So can you frame maybe how much of those assets are rolling off in 2023? And if possible, what the yield was on those assets relative to where you're able to invest your money today.
Suneet Kamath: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks. And then I guess for Jim, towards as the quarter progressed, we're getting quite a few questions on LDI in the UK, and what's going on there? And what any impact on your UK asset management business there could be? So could you maybe frame that out? Well, how you're thinking about that, as an opportunity or where the risks are, just want to make sure that it's clear in terms of where your exposure is, if possible. Thanks.
Suneet Kamath: So just to summarize, near term more of a kind of AUM, potentially earnings issue, as opposed to anything more significant than that.
John Barnidge: Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Can you talk about your outlook for expense reductions and asset management with the BMO acquisition now coming up on a full year? I know the one-year rule is important for European regulators.
John Barnidge: Thank you. And then my follow up question. Do you think only mortality is the best, strongest or healthiest in 3Q annually. Is that pre-COVID cadence to mortality trends return for the retirement protection solutions life business. Thank you.
John Barnidge: No, we see a good pipeline. We are maintaining sort of our focus on that and the areas of levels that you've been seeing. I think we're finally breaking through as far as what advisors understand about our business. I mean, when we compare what we do our capabilities, our technology, et cetera, I think advisors are very impressed. And we get very good compliments, I mean, nine times out of 10 our advisors, join us say that our capabilities technology support is way beneficial from the former stage joined us from whether they be the independence or the wires et cetera. So we feel very good about what that is as long as we have the conversations.
