James M. Cracchiolo: Okay, John, we have seen a bit of improvement in the first few weeks in sort of the net flows on some of the funds. We did experience an allocation change in one of our portfolios based on changing some various pricing that we have on one of the -- on the platforms, particularly, and we knew that would occur. Having said that, we haven't seen as strong a pickup yet in the equity flows as I think you're alluding to in the industry. Our fixed income comps has come back a bit from the fourth quarter, so we're hoping that there are some signs that this should start to pick up as our wholesalers and our institutional people have that focus. But I would say we're still a little short of what we saw as an initial pick up in the industry.
James M. Cracchiolo: Alex, what I would say is that we're going to continue to maintain a very tight expense focus. But we're continuing to invest. We will have volume increases as we grow certain businesses, adding advisors and doing such other things. We are continuing to upgrade some of our infrastructure across the company. So what I would say is we're going to maintain a tight expense focus. And depending on what happens in the year, from a revenue perspective, will depend on how we would fluctuate that. But even if things picked up, we still don't want expenses to start to grow again at an any accelerated rate. So I would say our going is to maintain sort of the levels that we have, make investments, use some of the savings like we have from the brokerage platform, et cetera, to continue to invest in certain other things like in AWM, bringing in more advisors on and doing some things like that in some of the advertising work. But I would say it's going to maintain the type of expense focus that we've had.
James M. Cracchiolo: We're gaining some traction in some of the intermediary platforms. There's 2 or 3 that we just got access to with the certain accounts that we think we'll fund, and there's a number of others in the pipeline. So this will take a bit more time to build, because it's a process to get reviewed and to look at those particular funds and see where they would fit in over time. But I think the team is starting to gain some traction, but this is going to be a build over the course of the year.
James M. Cracchiolo: The increase we had is in our brokerage cash balances. And we had some very good client inflows over the course of the latter part of last year, overall. And you know, initially, as those inflows come in, they go into brokerage cash and then they get reallocated. We did see a bit of a pickup just from tax selling and other things at the end of the year. So my belief is that as people start to really think about where they are in the new year, that money will start to get reallocated. So a part of it was we got good client inflows, and part of it was from sort of the tax situation and the idea that people didn't know what exactly was going to happen due to the tax situation from the fiscal cliff. So I would say that we're probably thinking that, that will start to get reallocated into various portfolios as well as into certain products as we go into the new year here. So there's nothing on a drag basis. It could probably be positive as those assets are redeployed. Because as you know, the cash spread is lower now. If the cash rates go up over time, meaning on a short-term basis, that would be a big upside for us, particularly with the size of the cash balances we have. And so I think that would be more of a positive, depending on how you look at the interest rate if it stayed there, environment. If it didn't, that will go back to work and that would be positive as well.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. We think as clients become more confident -- I mean, the confidence, certainly, it didn't come off that way, but I think we start to see and we saw some money going back into the markets in January. So if that continues, yes, we would see this. But we did see a level of activity pick up in the fourth quarter, and I don't think that was all the due to tax selling, et cetera. People started to come back. We saw some of our variable annuities come back on stream as people got more familiar input. And even in our insurance sales and some of the equity product increased. So I think we're probably seeing a tilt towards that, and I think that cash will be utilized.
James M. Cracchiolo: Sure. Okay, as you relate to, it's 2013 and '14. It starts in the tail end of '13 and '14. It will have an appreciable impact on it. It will basically, I would say, our impact would be probably cut by 70%, 80%. And that is something that, obviously, the fixed annuity block, I think is about $4 billion additional impact.
James M. Cracchiolo: Again, I'm not going to -- it's interesting, the OCC and the Fed, I think they work in conjunction. I can't really give you the specifics. I think it's probably -- the final came out of the Fed. But I -- we'll verify that. And the process on this one, we started in about, and I think it was in the second quarter -- second quarter we got into all the filings and everything. So...
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes. I think, Suneet, the way Walter conveyed it, which is consistent with the way we were thinking about it at the FCM [ph] was that, over time, we do not necessarily see a need to maintain the excess position the way we are. And so we would definitely view that some of that excess position would decrease. The reason it hasn't up to this point, is because Walter and my business people have been doing a very good job of what I would call a freeing up capital within the overall structure that we have. So as an example, if we did not de-bank, we would still have the capital of the bank and probably increase capital in the bank. And then we would use the earnings and probably draw down some of the excess. So as we start this year, just like when we started last year and we get out of things like outside annuities, et cetera, we started to free up more capital, and then we returned that as part of an excess over the earnings. So we're just starting this year in a similar vein. We'll see what happens. But I would say, over the next number of years, I would say we would probably draw it down unless we're able to even free up more capital and lower our capital requirements from either mix shift or some other things that we're able to do. So that's the way we think about it and that's why we've been able to return more than our earnings over the last few years. And if we aren't successful in actually derisking our balance sheet, et cetera, you would've probably seen a drawdown of the excess now based on the amount that we did choose to return in discussions that I have with my board.
James M. Cracchiolo: What you have is, for someone, let's say, added in 2012, you'll start -- they start to transfer their book over. It's not as though they take a little time to transfer the book and then they start to get active again. And so, what you see is a build for each one of those vintages. So if you go back to your point of 2010, in '13 they should be probably fully ramped up. In 2012, they were probably maybe 2/3 ramped up. And so, you'll see that build. The people who came on 2012 would start to get ramped up in '13, but more in '14 and '15. And so that's exactly what you would see as a vintage build. Now it does vary by advisor, it varies by the type of book they have and the type of clientele. And so there's not sort of a one-size-fits-all. But I think on a vintage basis, you sort of get to a fuller run rate, a full run rate by the third year, in the third year.
James M. Cracchiolo: Yes, you will see that. And I would also say that even last year, at the beginning part of the year, we did have some good advisor ramp up in productivity from our EARs. I think what offset that was that there was this lower level of activity in our system, including with our change in our variable annuity product that slowed down a lot of our transaction volume. And so I think it's buried within there. But as we look at the vintages and look at the advisors that come on board, we are seeing good, nice ramp up in the productivity.
Walter S. Berman: Okay, so let me take the first part of that. Clearly, what happened and as we saw the improvement that took place in the fourth quarter, both in our performance and some of that driven by the market, we trued up. So that is really more of a concentration in the quarter as it relates to both the compensation at Columbia and compensation for the company. So on that amount, as we talked about it in my slides, you had the 2 elements which are netted down to about the $0.05, and that included the tax benefit offset by around $0.11. And the appreciable portion of that is really related to the compensation. Again, last year, or in the year prior to that, we didn't see that effect because obviously the markets were not improving in and we are pretty much spot on, on our normal accrual. But this one, we had to accrue up in the quarter.
Walter S. Berman: It's spreading there. Because we know it because actually it's only [ph] above the normal that we would have, but there'll be some continuation of its spread throughout the next -- in 2013. Remember, there was certainly an appreciable amount of severances related to the actions that we took in the fourth quarter. It was above our normal.
Walter S. Berman: That tax rate in the $1.51 is a normalized tax rate for us. When you look at it, that was the adjustments we were trying to give you as you looked at the tax rate we had, which we reported in the 17% range and then as we normalize for the DRD and for the DTA discussion. So the tax rate you should be getting into is on a normalized basis, is in the range of around 25%, 26%.
Walter S. Berman: On the expense saving, as we indicated, we have the expense saving, we have certainly evaluate opportunities with that. Right at this stage, we're assuming that some of that will fall in the bottom line. But the reality is it's there and we are planning on certainly investing for growth. But, so I can't give you the exact amounts because it really depends on the environment and how we see it.
Walter S. Berman: Actually, it's concentrated -- it's throughout the company. But certainly, as we indicated, Advice and Wealth Management has a reasonable portion of that, and so does the Asset Management activity, both on the revenue range area and on their expense range area [ph], but there are other parts as it relates to the centralized services that spread throughout all of the segments.
Walter S. Berman: Well, I think as we have seen strong results. But certainly, in the base activity and as they certainly -- the progressive activity has been gaining. But there's been nothing unusual. It's certainly -- we've have not -- we've raised our prices. We've adjusted, as we told you so. So it's a strong performance on the part of the affinity groups and their penetration of it.
Walter S. Berman: I think it's actually spreads out. I would say, certainly, as we are gaining more and more share within Progressive, that is certainly one of the elements.
Walter S. Berman: Oh sure. That's a relationship that we entered with them to do the property side of it. It's certainly the home and rental. And that is something that is continuing to be built with them and that is achieving a good growth and profitability elements within the Auto and Home. And that was just something started last year, in homeowners and rental into 2011. Not homeowners -- it's homeowners, it's not auto, that's right. It's homeowners and rental.
Walter S. Berman: First, let me say, when you isolate out on the G&A line, we are actually -- versus last year, actually, a tad under. So we have certainly managed the expenses quite well. As we indicated, we certainly have, with the brokerage. And we have certainly, momentum coming into 2000 to -- as we reduced that expense line, and then we have to make the judgment. So you can look at that as a pretty good run rate. We'll have the normal inflationary elements that come in and certainly the investment opportunities and we see the growth. But if that's the base that you should really be coming off. And with certainly, the opportunity to reduce that a little as it relates to the brokerage. But again, we haven't made decisions where we're going to deploy.
Walter S. Berman: So it's 7 40 to begin out. We have inflation of the things coming in. And certainly, in different investment opportunities as it goes there. But that's a reasonable base to start with. But we have a tight focus on our expenses.
Walter S. Berman: Okay, let me -- as I said, not to get into exact forecasting, but we said that we are going to target 100% -- approximately 100% of our earnings in 2013 plus the $375 million. So last year, obviously, we were way beyond that. And so I don't want to get into forecast of what our earnings are, but the issue is on that basis. I would think that the level that you saw in the quarter probably would be a reasonably good trend line.
Walter S. Berman: Okay. As we relate to 100%, the 100% is really both the dividend and the buyback, and the $375 million goes on top of that.
Walter S. Berman: As I recall, we were indicating certainly, as a company, retaining on a permanent basis, the excess was not in our strategy and we would start then as we look at different opportunities, start evaluating returning it. I think we said, for 2013, specifically, we were targeting, at least at this stage, to do the 100%, end year cracked. And 90%, you get that differential on the 90% of base to free cash flow, but -- plus the $375 million, as at least our thinking as of this moment. And then we're evaluating if there's going to be anything else based upon circumstances as we look at different situations. But that, we want to give everybody at least that level that we will be going out with. So it's not really -- this is not like the start of the down payment in my opinion. It was just consistent with what we said at this FCM [ph].
Walter S. Berman: It's actually changed a little on that basis. Should figure it's about in a $70 million, using that after tax, around $75 million.
Walter S. Berman: I would say it's a little higher than $60 million, $65 million, but not much. It's in that range, $65 million, $70 million.
Walter S. Berman: Listen, we certainly had, that's an opportunity if we chose to do it. The block, as we said, is not strategically part of our go-forward. We are evaluating, we are certainly increasing. But at this stage, we are constantly evaluating in discussions, but it's nothing there, really has gotten to the point where we feel we get the value for it. And it is something we could use it for, but certainly we feel that we don't have to. But we are continuing to evaluate. And certainly, as the interest rates start improving, that will change the entire situation, which we indicated. But at this stage, I think right now, it's in the best shareholder interest to continue where it is, because we've seen nothing that make sense to us.
Walter S. Berman: Well, the annuity, we are basically shifting or shifted, and basically looking out deferred tax assets. So there's a couple of adjustments. I think there was just about $100 million coming through on that line. We are, and I think as Alicia said, we are evaluating all aspects of that. As Rick [ph] says, there's a lot of moving parts. There's no strategic business change or any, it's really just adjustments coming through. And in the first quarter, we'll come out with a more comprehensive look at it, but it's directionally. There's certainly a valve, but there is nothing of any consequences related to an underlying factor that drove it other than adjustments with DTA and some of the reserves that this came through. And you are correct. In the AWM, it was clearly the bank adjustment there.
Walter S. Berman: Yes, we looked at that. Okay, I got it. We looked at that. We don't feel really that's an effective use at this stage. Certainly, we have a very large debt maturity coming up in 2015 and we have a small one in 2014. We feel that certainly, the carrying course or appropriate where it is and to attempt to go in and actually go into market, it didn't make sense to us at this stage, and look at the premiums and other things associated with that. So the answer is we will -- we're evaluating capital structure, we're doing interest rate situation, but we feel pretty comfortable where we are right now. And so the short -- I guess, the answer to deploying our access against that was something evaluated and decided it didn't make sense from shareholder standpoint.
Walter S. Berman: I think, directionally, your numbers are right. It's certainly on that basis as you did the math. I believe that we were saying, for 2013, we were giving that sort of guidance where it would be, and that we would then reserve the right to start accelerating above that. But as we talked about the for the quarter, for the year, that, that would be where you should think would be the amount of purchase going there. Because certainly in 2012, we were way beyond the 100% and we were just saying we would -- you should assume we'll go back to the original guidance we set on time we would do, which is 100%, and then we would add the $375 million on to it and then evaluate the options to really see if we would want to accelerate it. So I think -- I personally think I'm consistent with the FCM [ph], but I will certainly -- that's the way I intend it to come through.
