Walter Berman: Yes. This is Walter. So the answer is yes you should, with our CGs, continue to see that sort of trend line. And certainly -- and you'll see in our bank, we are going to develop new products with and have them coming out in 2020, which will also enhance the capabilities for our advisors and their clients to certainly navigate this situation on interest rates and giving them choice. And from a deposit beta standpoint, looking on sweep, we are certainly -- we are up. We are certainly being competitive from that standpoint. But we are offering a wide choice, and we see good significant opportunities as we move forward.
Walter Berman: Sure. So it's Walter. What we achieved in the fourth quarter, we certainly see as sustainable and as it relates to 2023. And certainly the cash side of it is contributing to that, but we're also having strong productivity and growth in our basically core activities. There is a shift and going with us going to basically the bank generating the earnings and certificates joining. So if the Fed does pause, we think we are well positioned with the sustainability of that profitability that is now basically has a duration play that will take it over multiple years. So we feel comfortable. Obviously, it will have some impact. We have to evaluate as it looks not just what the Fed is doing in the short end, but what happens on the long end, but we feel we're in an excellent position as we grow those two activities to ensure that sustainability and profitability.
Walter Berman: Yes, so we certainly started the investments, and we weren't completed in the fourth quarter. We still have some ways, a little ways to go in first quarter. But yes, we will see that probably what you're estimating the run rate that we talked about, the $180 million, but it's probably with that improvement that's taking place with the yield. There's always areas going in and out. But I'm comfortable with I've seen people being in the $200 million range, but it's over a one-year cycle. So I would say more like the $800 million range for the year.
Walter Berman: Are you saying certificates on bank or yes. Okay. Clearly, the bank has a higher margin than the certificates. And that's where certainly we're concentrating our growth, but we are getting very strong results, and we have very good margins in the CD business. And so the answer is, we feel we have the capacity to grow those two. And it is going to take a larger and larger percentage of the profitability that's being generated. Certainly, we will be generating good earnings in the sweep activity, but the real growth potential is coming in a primary bank, and we will get a lift in CDs. But the margin is better in the bank versus the CDs because of different investment strategies and liquidity strategies.
Walter Berman: No, I don't have it, but I'm just telling you, it is better at the bank, and we can take a look at that and see if we can give more insight onto that.
Walter Berman: Yes. So the short answer is yes. We will be continuing it. It's obviously a matter of equity and cash closing. And it is considering and we have the capacity to do that. And it's really, from our standpoint, it is giving us very good returns.
Walter Berman: Yes, possibly. Listen, for the longest time, we've kept short direction case where the third year was. And now we're taking advantage and both in LTC and with the protection. So we are lengthening out duration, but it's we're running the business from that standpoint, and you can see we're garnering good profitability, both on the claims side as we demonstrated in the fourth quarter and certainly now with the investment capabilities that it's providing us. So no, if something comes along, that's great, we'll take a look. But right now, we're managing it and we're taking advantage of the opportunity that's there.
Walter Berman: It's an interesting situation at this stage because of the dislocation is taking course, especially as you look at the equity markets, you look at the fixed income, depreciation and foreign exchange. So -- but there's a lot of actions that we're taking. I'm managing through, but it's -- the margins are -- from that standpoint is deleveraging, just like the industry is. But I would say that at this point, as we look at it, it's heavily dependent on certainly things we don't control. But the things we do control, like you mentioned, BMO synergies and other things of that nature, we are on track. So we feel comfortable from that standpoint. So I think there's a lot of variables now, but we are certainly cognizant that the margins breach through, but that's related to a lot of market activity that we are now managing.
Walter Berman: No, [indiscernible] with that. That does not contemplate LDTI. We're still evaluating that. And from that standpoint, so it does not. And we'll obviously settle on the approach that we're going to take before the quarter. As it relates to the -- why it's lower, again, we're on part of that profitability improvement was lower sales. And so we're looking at activities as it relates to that. And so that gives a positive PTI in that situation, plus there was some anomalies as you basically look at what the changes and the huge change in equity markets and other things that took place, it gave a lift on SOP, so from that standpoint, we're -- I'm just saying we're comfortable with the -- what you guys are indicating in that $800 million range for the year, and we'll continue that when we're getting that lift. There's no question about it for the investments that we repositioned.
Walter Berman: No, it's the continuation of the volume of it. But actually, at this stage, since that point, certainly since we're still investing, the spread has come down from that, but we still feel very confident in the ability to generate whether just on the $800 million for the year.
Walter Berman: Okay. So let me answer that. The answer is back about a couple of months ago, there was certainly -- you couldn't give deposits way. Now clearly, at this basis, there is more demand, but we are evaluating what is really -- from our standpoint, what is the appropriate balance for balancing cash and bringing it back on balance sheet. So we have a very good relationship. We've been doing this for multiple years through promontory, not promontory [indiscernible]. So our relationship banks, when we do have a combination and laddering of long and short. So there -- we are assessing it, but it's a good situation from our standpoint, both from the demand from coming on the suite and our capacity to bring more back on to balance sheet and the fact we are still attracting good balances in.
Walter Berman: Into the [indiscernible]. We have -- are very cognizant trying to give our clients the capabilities there. So that trend has been going and been evaluating as the Fed makes it ships and other things and alternatives. So you're seeing that. And yes, we will continue to do that. But the important thing is we're also building that capability very shortly into the bank, which also gives a different set of alternatives for them to really look at their laddering as I mentioned. So you're just adjusting and certainly having the product capability and the capabilities to grow either our balance sheet, our balance sheet and on balance sheet in the bank and insert.
Walter Berman: Okay. So yes, we have about $3 billion maturing during the year. So right now, we are thinking in the range that will be 200 to 300 basis points, so we'll pick up from it. I don't have the exact, but I'll have stepping to get back, but we will pick up reasonably good spread from what's maturing versus what we can invest at.
Walter Berman: Yes. Listen, we manage -- I think we've always managed, we're very disciplined in managing our expenses to ensure that we are investing for growth. At the same time, analyzing the margin capabilities as it relates to it. So we will remain disciplined as we go and we look at shifting and where that is from that standard and getting the efficiencies that we are constantly evaluating. So I would say the ranges you've seen is the ranges that we believe will certainly be sustainable, but it's situationally driven as we manage our expenses very tightly.
Walter Berman: Well, the majority isn't fixed. But and like I said, it's in structured. The majority of construction, high AA rated and certainly at the highest levels of the security ladder.
Walter Berman: Sure. So yes, in the quarter, we had a combination of basically, as you indicated, a strong continued claims performance, along with basically the effects of our benefit programs and basically a premium increases. And -- but there was this one-time catch-up because a vendor did get behind. But that was not -- that was about half of it, but we are seeing good trends as it relates to the claims. And it's typical to forecast, but we think we have all the foundational elements in there. It's been within our expectations for multiple years. And so we are feeling that comfortable where it is, and we do again get the continued benefits of the programs that we have in place to basically contain and manage that effectively.
Walter Berman: Sure. So it's Walter. We have -- and certainly, as we look at it, and I mentioned as related to the earnings that certainly related to '22, 2023. We will manage and keep our obviously a ratio. And so we feel very good about the dividend capability coming out of RPS, but the thing with the change and certainly enough growth going on in AWM, the bank, the stability of that. We also have an opportunity -- and that increase in the flows of dividends to this parent from AWM and still get dividends coming up because even though they're under pressure for Asset Management, they still are dividending a reasonable amount. So our cash flow coming out of the various segments, including RPS, is really -- we are feeling very good about its capabilities in 2023 as a source of funding for us at the parent.
Walter Berman: Absolutely. Yes. I think we do expect and we will probably experience the same seasonality and that's been part of our overall planning. So it's -- we don't see any change.
Walter Berman: I think, again, we'll go back to is geared towards making sure we get the payback on that with discipline as we focus. And so we'll manage it relative to the revenue and the growth opportunities we see, but we will be very disciplined in it. And I think it will be in ranges that you've seen in the past. But again, it's situational.
James Cracchiolo: So this is Jim. We are very much focused on continuing really around having the advisors engage with the client through this market cycle and really providing the advice they need. Part of the journey really is how do you think about achieving your goals over time, not just based on a quarter or the market situation in the current time. And so that engagement and the tools and capabilities that we provided to help them do that, I think is paying really good dividends. And so as you saw last year, we had a record amount of client inflows for the full-year. And the fourth quarter was really strong at $12 billion. It's actually the second highest quarter we had. The highest was actually fourth quarter of last year, and that was only $0.5 billion more. So we want to continue that journey around that advice value proposition and the engagement and helping the advisors really do that more consistently over time.
James Cracchiolo: We see -- I mean, listen, again, we don't know if it will hold enough, but you've seen some pickup on the international market front as far as appreciation occurred as well as the improvement in the Pound, et cetera. So we think that's a little of the headwinds have relieved a bit. That will be helpful. And we're not changing our range as we move forward.
James Cracchiolo: So as we look at it, we've been one of the highest returning companies out there in capital and even last year was very strong. So as we look forward, we have flexibility. But as Walter said, we're continuing to grow the bank, which is going to require some additional capital, but the returns are strong as well as our certificate company, which are all good uses of capital. In the past years, we have freed up capital. We used some of that to purchase the BMO as well as now growing the bank tremendously. So we think that we're going to generate continuing good free cash flow that we will return to shareholders. But as far as the percentage and rate will depend on how we utilize that both our core investments in the business, as we said, as well as return to shareholders. So it is coming down from where it was because of those other growth opportunities, but will still be a strong return. So I'd leave it at that at this point in time.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. So Erik, I think as we -- Tom, as we look at the business, okay, we've had a bit slower flows into wrap but still good flows, but you also had the depreciation of the markets, which impact the wrap overall fees for the firm. And so I don't feel that, that's permanent. As I said, we also had some transaction volume being down on the commission side. So I would probably say, if markets settle as they are, you'll continue to see part of that going back into the wrap programs. You'll also -- depending on what happens with market, you may see some appreciation of that, which really was a negative in the last few quarters. And regarding the brokerage activities, we will hopefully see some pickup in the commission side based on getting back into some of the contracts that people have again been more conservative investing in right now. So I can't really like piece together exactly what that shift is. But I would probably say there's a bunch of dynamics occurring over the last few quarters in that regard.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. So over the course of the year, as you would imagine, and started last year, you would have a higher level of cash from clients as they move things to the sideline or et cetera, that put it fully back in the market or even in fixed income. And so went into money markets, went into broken CDs, went into other short-duration products, just like we have the cash here going into some of our certificates. The amount of cash we're holding pretty much on transactional is pretty at the consistent levels. It's not where that has built up tremendously. We just had more client flows coming in and that just as a percentage. And then we got a piece of that into our own certificate program as an example. And now when we actually launch some of the preferred savings and deferred deposit programs within the bank, we'll start to capture even a bit more, hopefully, of that. But new cash has come in, and that has raised our levels overall, but there's been sorting all through this going into those other instruments as well. As our advisors look at what that balances, what's positional versus transactional. So that's why we feel like those levels are pretty consistent because things have already sorted as through the year.
James Cracchiolo: Well, in our case, as I said, I think if you look at certificates, which is actually investing out a bit, and you just look at the amount in our cash sweep products, et cetera, you're actually less than 5%. And so that's consistent with our history based on the level that clients keep for both emergency and transactional activity. So I -- that's why I said, I think money has already been in all these different positional areas to garner a level of interest that the clients want with the advisors. So I actually feel comfortable. Now some of that, I think, will go back when they feel comfortable putting more back into RAP and investment programs as well or longer duration products in the fixed income market.
James Cracchiolo: And we've been able to now start investing out, which is garnering a higher spread for the portfolio, which is good.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. So as you saw in our Asset Management business, we have brought expenses down, and we will continue to really manage expenses tightly there. Now we are making good investments in certain areas. We see opportunity like in some of our real estate and other areas and responsible investing. But we have tightened the range a bit based on the appreciation of the markets. And we feel that is necessarily inappropriate. Now on the other side, like the Advice & Wealth as we build up more capabilities in the bank, we're making some investments. But overall, for the company, we've managed expenses quite tightly, not just the current year but over the years, and it is actually favorable. Now we're going to have merit increases, other things, et cetera, but we're going to look at areas of opportunity to tighten if necessary, based on the market conditions. But Asset Management is one of those areas that we will be a bit more disciplined then.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. So we did add -- it's a little less than the previous quarter, et cetera, but there's always timing with year-end and activities that occurred, as you would imagine with market conditions, the volatility there with advisors. But I would say the advisors we added actually had very strong productivity. So actually from a production perspective, the amount in total was higher and what we brought in. And the pipeline looks very good. So I think as you see some of the advisors being added, they're really coming over because we do have a really great integrated technology platform. We give a lot of great support. The types of -- they're even coming because they trust the firm and the quality of the firm. And they really think that that's really a benefit for them for their practices. So we feel very good about what the opportunity to continue here.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. So as we looked at the environment, et cetera, in the market, let me put it this way. I mean, you probably saw a thing that was reported out even this week. RiverSource has it's like the second highest and ozone up by a few basis points, second highest return out there of any insurer -- a large insurer. And so I think you got to look at it in a sense as Walter just said the free cash flow, how we de-risk the business, how even what we have on the balance sheet with guarantees is coming down. The products we're selling are lower risk appropriate for the client. And we have a lot of other alternatives on the shelf for the client. So we feel like this is a good hand that we have. And now that the spreads have gone back up we're able to invest out a bit more and garner some. So listen, there may be some opportunities that come along, and we will continue -- we'll look at them as they do. But this is a comfortable hand to have as a complement, particularly with depreciating markets.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. I mean, AWM this year, remember, we had a bounce back in meetings and other travel and T&E, again, coming back from a pandemic sort of thing where we cut all those things out as well as we may continue to make good investments in the growth of the bank and bringing in advisors, et cetera. So you're going to have merit and other things that are there. But I think on a balance basis, our expenses will be managed pretty well. And we don't see that accelerating in any way. But as Walter said, whatever we're making investments, we'll get good returns on, but I don't think that will be at a high level.
