Walter Berman: Okay. So yes, the answer is yes. What we are seeing in that -- certainly, we are looking at the way the sweep accounts have performed that we have the opportunity to shift more into the bank, and we'll be evaluating that because of -- basically, the way that it is performed right now, and that will give us additional yield as it relates to that. And also -- we also see on the search that we will -- based on timing, we will also see that the spread will increase in that. So we guess the answer is absolutely, yes, both from shifting additional funds into the bank, which has a higher profitability and also the asserts (ph) as we look at the spread increasing from a timing standpoint as we adjust. So yes, the answer is yes.
Walter Berman: Okay. So on the first one, yes. So as we look at the [indiscernible] and certainly, in the first quarter, you always have the tax, but we -- clearly, it is performing the way we thought and is slowing, and that gives us the opportunity. We're evaluating that. But we do have additional opportunity with [indiscernible] everything we have in our sweep accounts to move more in, and that's what we're evaluating -- so that would -- is a distinct possibility.
Walter Berman: Well, I think the way we look at it, listen, we are probably at one of the highest margins out there in the industry, including the big wires that have, had banking activities for a long period of time. But money is, as I said, so sitting on the sidelines and cash, we are holding up with $66 billion, some of that money, not necessarily from transactional activity at the hold for expenses and other things. Some of that money will go back into wrap. I mean, what’s so positive is we brought in 12 billion of client flows. We’ve been bringing in record numbers for us over the last some many quarters and that hasn’t been deployed yet. So as they put money back into transactions and contracts and wrap a business, that will also earn us fees. So I can’t tell you exactly what that margin is, but I would say, it’s an excellent margin and our business has some good opportunity that continue and so from my perspective I think it was a very positive quarter building on a positive VA last year.
Walter Berman: We think so, because we are – our advisors are engaged. We’ve help them with a lot of tools and capabilities and support. Even in this climate, we get them a lot of information and appropriate of communications for their clients. Our market volatility, we help them really help our clients stick with their goals and what they need to achieve overtime balancing out of volatility. We are engaging and bringing in a lot good new client flows and deepening. And we are also adding highly productive advisors. So we added another 83 in the quarter would have very good [indiscernible] of business. We have a good pipeline. So yes, we see it. Continuing, we are adding news capabilities like our e-meeting things that’s going to help our advisors actually conduct even more meetings very efficiently. So we feel good about how we are situated in this climate.
Walter Berman: Yeah. So we’ve added a number of financial institutions over the last year. Now I'll comment was a bit larger so we -- it was a little bit longer to orchestrate and more comprehensive based on the nature that they had their own broker deal et cetera., but we've been winning business for other banks out there in that financial institutions. I think now we're opening it, so that we can work with a bit larger institutions like Comerica. And I think we are in a good situation. We bring a lot of good capability. They like our service. They like the ability of what we can do to support their advisors. They like the gold-based solution we provide to their clients. So this is something we think we can build upon as we move forward. So again, I can't sit here to tell you exactly when deals get orchestrated but we have a good pipeline and we think we'll be adding more business there as we move forward.
Walter Berman: Yeah. So no, our numbers in franchisee is very strong and stable. Retention is very strong. As with anything I mean we have 7,000, so it doesn't advisors there. So you have some turnover in some of their -- assistant advisors you also have some retirements that occur in the first quarter, but there's nothing different than what we've seen in the retention rate is quite strong and the assets are here. So we're not concerned about that as we go through succession planning, et cetera. As far as the pipeline, we feel is very good. One of the things that people have told us is they value very much what we do and what we provide, but they also value the strength and the integrity of the firm and how we're positioned. I've mentioned a few accolades about how clients trust us. But when you have a very stable institution like Ameriprise, that is able to really navigate these market circumstances when I would stand-by their clients that's what advisors are looking for as well.
Walter Berman: So it's a mix of handsets as an example, advisors hold various assets that invested in the market, there is a combination of wrap type of assets, those funds, other things like that. There is insurance contracts. So it's -- and what we've been able to do is show of what we can do to help those advisors and that client deepening and expand that base and add more clients to their base for the bank. So we feel very good that the $18 billion will transfer with that. There is an opportunity for us to help them grow that and that's what they're looking to do.
Walter Berman: We believe, actually, it will be higher based on the investment strategy and the other elements within it. So we were actually pick up the yield on that.
Walter Berman: I think the best we can give you from that stand, looking at the sweep, it is totally -- it is -- the [indiscernible] is totally slowed from that standpoint. And so -- and as I indicated, we have now -- for 100,000 and under, its move, if you look at the end of the fourth quarter, it was something like 52% of the percentage of it. Now it's almost 60% of it. So basically, it's very stable at that standpoint and we feel very comfortable from that standpoint that it's performing the way we thought it would. And so on that basis, the [indiscernible] and we are growing on certs from that. And certainly, as I mentioned before, we are strongly considering transferring more back into the bank once we finish our analytics on it.
Walter Berman: No. As I just mentioned, it's a seasonal element when you go from the fourth quarter to the first quarter because of the taxes. I can't -- I don't -- I can't give you the exact 2% or whatever, but it's certainly -- there's outflows related to that.
Walter Berman: Yeah. So that's an interesting point because as we mentioned, we have somewhere in the area of $2.5 billion rolling off and certainly, that is going to the previous question, increase our base lease spread as it relates to it. And right now, as we assess it and certainly looking at the supply, we continue with that same strategy and mix that we will -- we currently have, which is the 3.1 year duration. So we feel very comfortable with that. And -- but that redeployment of the maturing will certainly increase the yield.
Walter Berman: The reinvestment in the bank, yes. So from that standpoint, we are -- I'm not sure I understand the question.
Walter Berman: The reinvestment yield in the quarter was 6%, I believe, in the first quarter, as I indicated and we're tracking at 6%. Sorry, I didn't get the question at first.
Walter Berman: Yeah. So listen, you are seeing it certainly increase from that stand because it basically gives the clients as you get into the three and six, primarily in the three and six months. It gives them that opportunity to basically meet your objective set. So we see it still increasing there. But as Jim mentioned, we will certainly be offering the brokered products in the bank, which will certainly provide us additional yield. So I would think it will still grow and from that standpoint as -- so I think it's tracking what you see based on the alternatives that we provide to our clients.
Walter Berman: And we've clearly seen a pattern from basically what we call the cash reserve, which is the short term. And more cash basically going into the three and six months. So people are taking advantage of that opportunity because of the competitiveness of the rates and [indiscernible].
Walter Berman: So obviously, as Jim mentioned, the cash is up in total. And so yes, you're exactly right, we pulled into the bank. And certainly, a portion of that went into the certs. So the issue is some of that went into brokerage. But the point is we have it. It's been -- within our basic overall, it's cycling through. So I would say and we feel -- and I'm indicating again, it is clearly, as we see the pattern, that sorting is basically slowing and it is basically within a range. And the base of the fact that we have 60% in the $100,000 below and the average account balances dropped from 8,000 to 7,000 is an important factor for us as we evaluate.
Walter Berman: I think, again, this has a short payback for us as you look it from a P&L standpoint. So the answer is, obviously, there'll be some cost, but certainly, the revenue will do it and we have a very quick payback on it. But it's a good economic relationship for us and for Comerica.
Walter Berman: I really can't give it, but I would say it's always been a stability factor for us that portion and the working capital and the balance there. So I can't give you exact -- as I said, it just dropped from -- if you look at the previous quarter, it's dropped by 1,000. So it is -- from that standpoint, we feel very good about it. It's been a stable element within it, and it did increase a lot, certainly, as we went through the cycle coming through, and that was again in the harder balances. So I just can't give you the numbers going back that far.
Walter Berman: I think this downside, it's a lot of variability in it as you look at rates and look at mix and you look at [indiscernible]. But certainly, the expenses are being extremely well managed from that standpoint. So that's the controllable factor in it as we look at it. And certainly, as we look at hopefully that we stop getting back on a better pattern, but we're certainly aligned with the industry where that is. And we certainly move into that 31% to 35% is basically you feel comfortable. But it's, again, a lot of variability.
Walter Berman: So I can't give you an exact range, but let me be clear. The drivers of it are clearly, as we indicated, the maturity element as it relates to the bank and shifting in there. So as we get maturities on those being risk, and that's going to take the interest rate up. We certainly see [indiscernible] really slowing down on the -- the bank transfer will certainly take that up again, as we get more comfortable. The certs, looking at the timing from the standpoint where the rate is increasing, we do see an opportunity that the net spread will increase there. So I would say, certainly, it will get stable to up as we look at the elements, but please, now you have rate movements in there. You have different elements, but it's that stability factor of what is embedded today. So if everything got frozen, yes, you should feel stable to up.
Walter Berman: We have a combination of floating rate, but we -- it is really structured and that's where we basically are and it's the highest quality. So we are being very selective there, but the yields are there, and we just -- we are patient, and that's -- but like I said, it's in the bank, especially its AAA, and we feel very comfortable, especially in this environment, sticking there. But those are the levels we are finding. We're certainly having the benefit of having CTI manage that and help us work through that. So it is strictly -- you should look at majorities in the structure.
Walter Berman: Basically a part of AWM and that is its cost of funds, and that's why we feel comfortable with that. And certainly, as -- if rates go up and down, we will evaluate the deposit betas. But yeah, that is -- you're exactly spot on.
Walter Berman: No, I do not believe -- again, this is like any deal like you asked basically upfront and you then get the paybacks that it work through it, and we feel very comfortable with the combination. So it will, as I said, make certainly from a P&L standpoint of contribution, then we look at the cash breakeven. So we feel very good of it. As Jim said, we'll have some upfront expenses, but it's a good economic deal for both of us.
Walter Berman: Yes. So basically, as we talked about, we're talking about in the 85% range, we will have not 57%, it was $57 million, we think will probably be the number that we will certainly not realize, but certainly achieve by the end of this year.
Walter Berman: I would say from looking at our direct contribution margin there is certainly within our range, and we feel very comfortable with it like I said, I distinguished the P&L and the cash but certainly from that standpoint, but the P&L side of this direct contribution is totally acceptable within as we look at this channel and it's strong. It's good. And like I said, but it's good because it's balanced between -- for them and for us and certainly what will add and the ability to grow that activity. So it's -- the contribution margins will not be denigrating to anything we have else that.
Walter Berman: Yes. I would say, thus, we are continuing to have that track pattern of really the quality of the AUM and the GDC, the trailing GDC is stronger, and we keep on growing that. So we feel very good about that. We're being very selective to ensure that they fit into basically our relationship and approach that we have. And so it's very much aligned on that. So it's -- we feel very good about the quality of them.
Walter Berman: So as we said, we talked about -- from our standpoint, we are building organically, and yes, there’s capital, but we have the capacity, and we feel that the -- we’ve given an indication that it will be in that 80% range. But we really had the ability to -- as we look at opportunistically to basically take it up. But we just -- we will evaluate the market and everything from that standpoint, but the 80% is a reasonable number at this stage, as we’ve indicated. And most people have built that into their projection set.
James Cracchiolo: Yeah. And I'll take your second question. So we just in March, launched a savings product. We'll be launching a brokered CD in May and then a high-yield savings account a bit later in the year. And we see the opportunity to garner more cash from clients of bringing it in from their banking institutions now that we'll have some of these products. But in addition to what we're holding ourselves and whether it's a sweep or either in our certificate, we have much more cash that our clients are holding externally in brokered CDs. They put money in that came into the firm or in money markets. And so we think we can garner some of that cash back in. So in total, there's about $66 billion of cash. We have about $44 billion. We actually think by offering the brokered CDs and things like that, that will garner some of that, that have gone out to banking institutions that our clients have put money in that we feel much more comfortable having them at Ameriprise. So we think there's an opportunity there for us as we continue to build out the bank. And we are also holding a lot more cash as general so that our sweep activities is only about 4%, which is really always been around that level for transaction of 4% to 5%. So we feel very good that there is opportunity for us.
James Cracchiolo: Yeah. So it would include our clients, advisors putting their clients in brokered CDs we have on the platform from financial institutions.
James Cracchiolo: Yeah. It's going to grow because we're bringing in more client assets, right? And not all of it's going to be deployed directly in the market. So there's going to be some that go into cash type of holdings. So some of it that clients will use for transactional activity and holding for emergency expenses will be kept in the type sweep accounts and others that positional cash will be put into things -- earning some of the yield that they're looking for. And a lot of these CDs are not necessarily long-term CDs, right, brokered CDs as well. So that's where the cash will grow. And some of it has been coming from the regional bank activity, I would imagine. So I feel like the certificate program can grow. That's why we're also going to offer our own brokered CD to garner some of that cash that clients want to move into the firm.
James Cracchiolo: Well, Suneet, I think the way I would think about it is that that's roughly around 8% of the total assets now, which is a bit higher for our clients, right? Usually, it's around the 5% mark or something like that. So there's more cash being held right now. So I think as we go through this cycle, and people are looking for some alternatives coming from their banking institutions, et cetera., we think that we can garner some of that other cash coming in as well from bank or even as some of these CDs and other things roll over that we're holding can go into our own banking institution. But I also think over time, that some of that cash will be deployed back into wrap type programs, et cetera, as the market volatility settles or as people feel more comfortable. So it's not as though money isn't being deployed into the market, it is, right? We had over $6 billion going back into wrap in every quarter. But that could pick up as well and other transactions can pick up. So it's hard for me to say exactly, but the idea is we're helping to bring more client flows in and then some of that goes into cash type products, which we can garner our piece and then others will, over time, be deployed back in the market. So we think it's an opportunity for us.
James Cracchiolo: Suneet, so you had, I think, 46 going of 44 (ph) part of that $3 billion from the $10 million went into the bank. And then you had, I don't know, a few billion went into search, but you also had some use of cash for tax payments and others -- okay, it's hard for us, but we have more client flow coming in, and then some of it might have went into brokered CDs or other things. So overall, I think we've held pretty well compared to what we've seen in the industry. And we had a positive of more client flow coming in as well. So -- and as I said, I think you can't necessarily box a number ideally, but it's a fluid situation regarding how clients use their money as well. So -- but it's pretty stable overall. So it's about 4% in total sweep and the $10 billion is mainly from a shift for the bank and other things. So I wouldn't look at that in isolation.
James Cracchiolo: Yeah. I mean you got onboarding expense and stuff and moving the clients and the advisers and stuff. But overall, we think it's a good arrangement and one that will work for both parties.
James Cracchiolo: Yeah. So if we have retail outflows, they are always of a bit higher margin than the fee rate than the institutional side. The good thing on the institutional, some of the flows we got in were real estate, which is very good fee rates. And that looks like we have a decent pipeline as well going forward. But of course, in retail is you're a bit higher fee rate. So that's where on the outflows, we're probably are net-net, a bit negative there. And so -- but hopefully, the retail will turn around. We look like Europe has actually slowed. It was almost neutral in the quarter, which is good. And if that picks up, that has positive fee rates even more than the U.S. So that would be positive for us there. But the U.S. is still a bit weaker on the growth side. But the redemptions has come down. So hopefully, we'll see a turnaround. And so I think that we see more stabilization occurring and hopefully, that will pick up as we go through the year.
James Cracchiolo: Yes, so we're tracking. We're getting some of them this year, and then more of them as we close out the year into next year because we're going through a lot more of the technology integration now. And then from that, we can then continue to do the middle and back office. And so -- and to your point, it does take a bit longer in Europe and the U.K. as we go through different legal entities, et cetera. So -- but we're on target to what we originally said.
