Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, so what we saw in the fourth quarter was a continuation of good engagement between the advisor and the client, and very clearly what we're focused on doing is helping the client sort of navigate this as sort of a bullet rather than an idea that they need to change what they're planning for. So, we try to keep them on target, on focus of what their longer-term goals are, knowing that the markets will be about a volatile, but we also try to work with them very clearly on their asset allocations rebalancing and diversifications that they have, and so that's what we continue to see. As you saw, there was a bit more pickup of cash in the quarter not necessarily from people selling out per say, but from new cash coming in that's been hold on the sidelines a bit. And as we went through the first quarter, we continue to see that engagement rebalancing occurring, et cetera, which we think is a healthy and good, but we are very much focused on keeping them focused on what their ultimate goals are rather than just the market, the volatility, that's currently here.
Jim Cracchiolo: So, we did experience in the quarter as you saw, the markets depreciated a lot on, and of course as that occurs, your fee revenue particularly from your equity product goes down a bit more as it had occurred. We also experienced some increase even though we've actually reduced expenses a lot. Our margins in Europe went down, mainly because of what we had to do in transferring the assets for Brexit and the number of the expenses that we had to fund there. So, yes, were still focused on maintaining those margin levels to a combination of things that we're working on, but it would be at the lower end of those ranges at this point in time, as we have start to see hopefully some markets recover a bit.
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, right now, again, we are tracking and we've indicated that in the couple weeks that we hope to have the approvals from both regulators the OCC and the fed. And once that occurs, assuming that occurs, we hopefully would be operational in the beginning of the first quarter or the end of -- beginning of the second quarter or the end of first quarter.
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, we are -- as you see, we actually think if you look at our make-up of 50% now is coming roughly from our Advice & Wealth Management business, which I think would have a differentiated PE from asset managers, that I think it should be factored more into our value. And as you heard from my opening comments, we're putting a lot of focus on the continued growth there and investments to continue to grow the client base, grow the advisor productivity, add more advisors, and even look at other opportunities to enhance our channel mix there by growing our central sites, our ACC, IPO which is working with community banks et cetera. So, we have an emphasis there regarding where we're putting a lot of our focus. And then and we go to Asset Management as we said, we've done -- we picked up a few other things were launching some other alternatives infrastructure funds and other things within the Asset Management. So what we're trying to do in the asset management is more of refine against the core areas that we see good opportunity, good growth that we can achieve good margins, expand in certain sections like in the international arena as well, and really right size that for what we're seeing in the marketplace regarding the sales and the activities. And we will try to complement that where necessary and appropriate for areas of opportunity that we can get good returns in the future. So, that's the way were looking at it today.
Jim Cracchiolo: Long-term care is available, but for this particular -- I would include, it's included. It's only been several million dollars.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, I would say and some of the things that you heard me speak about during the year and even here in the fourth quarter is that, we're continuing to make investments in technology, we are continuing to help on our advisors to be able to go deeper against their client activities with greater levels of engagement for the digital tools, the capabilities, the planning tools that we're putting in there, customer relationship management system as well as how they're marketing themselves in their own communities. So, we're really positive about the effects that, that could continue to have to help drive their productivity. We do manage expenses while the increases that you're seeing were mainly due to the type of the investments that we think will get some good paybacks on, as we continue to look to the future. The only other investment we're making beyond what I've mentioned to you that Walter and I've discussed is really the banking business, but we think the banking business will generate a very good margin that could be complementary like some of the other houses.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, Suneet. So, we're going to control expenses across the firm. At the same time, we're not going to stop the investments that we'd think it makes sense like the bank, et cetera. So they may add some incremental, but we look to manage all of the other expenses tightly along those lines, but those investments that were making should give us some good paybacks like the bank. So that's the way we look at it, and we have maintained our level of flexibility as we've seen in the past.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yet, so we're we are underway in our reviews there and so we will be working through that as we go through the first quarter here and so we will be getting back to you in the future.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, so, we have already laid the groundwork and really what we were needed to complete really as you would imagine because of Brexit and because of the way clients could be affected, we had to wait till we set-up our full align of C-cap funds and convert our clients in Europe from where they were situated in our OEIC funds in the UK over to our Lux domiciled funds. And that transition, we did the bulk of it in the fourth quarter. So, it actually showered sales of that because we couldn’t do it as we are transferring client assets, et cetera. And it was completed actually last weekend, which we feel very good about that will situate us well in a sense that would not cause any harmful effects to our European clients as the Brexit transaction or whatever occurs there in agreement in the future. So, now, we'll be able to start to ramp up our activities to drive some more sales activities and add our resources there to grow activities more in those countries.
Jim Cracchiolo: And regarding the current cash balances, I don’t have the latest numbers here, I would probably say that they've probably come down a bit, but they are still maintaining but on higher than they were prior to the fourth quarter. So, I think that will gradually seatback in as you saw. We still had good inflows in the fourth quarter into our wrap business, but some of that did maintain in cash. So as the client rebalanced, I think you'll see to your point as money go back in. It might actually go a little into equities, but also some fixed income now that they feel the rates are more stabilized.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, they were positive and nicely in the fourth quarter and throughout the '18, and we still are looking for them to continue in a positive trend as we are in '19 and that's where we're really focused our advisor retention on growing their net flows, but more importantly, engaging their client so that they can deepen those relationships with them.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, so we -- as you are aware and you mentioned, we did take that up fully in '18 because we do have a large UK European operation relative to our size in the asset management business, and that was absorbed. Having said that that did increase the expenses there that we had to figure out how to offset, and luckily based on what we were doing in our global transformation and technology and integration. We were able to really offset that rather than and it's the same bringing that further to the bottom line because of it. Having said that in the U.S. we are monitoring that, looking at that closely, I know one competitor came out and said they are looking to possibly do that. But again, this is a very large industry here. And when that occurs, it does fundamentally change what research -- the cost of research, how research is charged, et cetera, as it has occurred in Europe. So, I think it's more than just a player saying it. There is a number of other things across our industry that has to occur for that to be something I think gets moved forward.
Jim Cracchiolo: So, in regard to investment performance, as I mentioned, as we looked at the various equity markets, when you have some major dislocation, yes, we get hit with it and it does cause a material blip so to speak in those numbers for the period of the year. As I said, we think that will work through as we go through the next number of quarters January looks good already. The three year numbers we think will bounce back because the first quarter '16 happen the same way based on the volatility, that quarter will bounce off even though the new quarter came on, and so our numbers should bounce back in that regard. European was a little more in the sense of also we got hit based on the dislocations that you saw in October timeframe and some of the adjustments and that we think will also work through because we feel good about the investments we have there and you know, I think that is something that again. I know the investment teams are very much focused on we feel pretty good about how each of those portfolios are constructed and the quality including fixed income the quality of the credits, etcetera. So that something that they're going to be focused on making sure that, that gets back to the improvements and then maintaining the levels that they need.
Jim Cracchiolo: No. Consistent with your way you phrase the first question the answer would be, yes. We think they would.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, so, we -- over the last number of periods, we've actually added some really good talent to the global asset management group. Were making some really good changes both from how we look at the marketplace, how do we attack it from a distribution perspective, the areas of opportunity that we should focus our energy and resources. We've made a lot of changes and investments appropriate in the technology. We had to deal similar to others in the industry with a lot of particular regulatory changes, particularly across Europe and the UK that we've been managing very well. So again, it's not that we can't continue to improve. I agree a 100%, but we are working diligent against it. And I will continue to look at what are the right resources and talent necessary for us to do that. We will and have extracted very good shareholder return from this business. I know the flow picture doesn't look that great, but we have transformed from where we were proprietary sharp to a global provider and generate a very strong shareholder returns over the years in doing so. I do believe the industry has gotten extra hit and we are part of that as you've seen, but I do believe we have enough capability and ability to transform. The other thing that we have going for us very clearly is our expertise and how we reengineer and integrate pretty well. So, I think that's going to be of a great benefit going forward. As you see, people we are starting to feel the pain a bit more. So, we are very focused and I appreciate your question and I continue to look to ensure that we can continue to generate value here.
Walter Berman: Yes, this is Walter. We monitor this as we indicated on a weekly basis. Our whole group of peers to ensure that we stay competitive along the different segments of the dollar amounts of the sweep accounts. And we have passed on certainly some of that as we saw from the September one, but we are remaining competitive. And candidly, we're actually seeing, right now, there is a less competitive pressure in the areas of focus, but we'll continue to monitor it and certainly as appropriate pass that on.
Walter Berman: We've raised it at the upper end of it, that's where we saw a little gap, and it was -- I don't have the exact numbers, but it was only certainly in a couple basis points that basically passed on to allow us to be in that alignment with our peers.
Walter Berman: We're -- again, again, I don't want interpret because every time I do, I am wrong, but somewhere in the 65 million to 70 million range, it is something that we've talked about.
Walter Berman: It depends on life services. As you notice, so we are enjoying exceptionally strong and continually growing margins. It is slowing and obviously it depends on markets. We do generate a lot of productivities and certainly the interest rates improve that. So, certainly, we do see opportunity to increase. I can't get to exactly because we're dealing with so many variables on where we will get to 25, but certainly we have room to continue to grow that.
Walter Berman: Well, Suneet as you know, we've been quite disciplined and certainly appropriate in managing the business therefore managing the G&A expenses to ensure that we're being and quite effective, and but still investing for growth and appropriately and interestingly. So that is the plan, but we certainly continue -- will plan on continue to prudently manage those expenses and certainly evaluate the situation and have the flexibility, again to make adjustments where appropriate, but again looking at the market, there we feel will just continue to evaluate.
Walter Berman: Well, we have again, as Jim just mentioned the bank and other things of that and all of the growth investments. So, it would bar on that basis it is certainly we continue -- we're going to focus on trying to maintain the expense levels with those investments and other growth investments in this lower range dealing with the revenue situation.
Walter Berman: Again, it's the average from our standpoint, unlike some of our peers. We set rates on average basis, so you're getting not the full impact. So some people said, got the benefit or setting on October 1st. And candidly, we did have strong inflows while they are less than you know they drove off a little, but we have strong inflows. And so, it's tracked to going to our expectations considering the change in the market and the average.
Walter Berman: As it relates to the hike, as I indicated, we are adjusting to our rates and we feel we're evaluating now. So, we don’t feel we have to go to catch up. We'll continue to evaluate as the changing environment is, but it looks like right now, there is not a tremendous peer pressure on adjusting rates and were competitive within competitive ranges.
Walter Berman: It's typical for us, it's -- but we do see continues growth in our client assets as we look at the productivity, the new programs were running, and the ability to actually drive those activities with our advisor base and certainly bring in a new advice, but mostly because of the way we are driving our productivity, and again, it's going to be dependent and it has some influence on behavior points based on markets, right but we are seeing good strong client growth.
Walter Berman: Okay, so let me try to just answer it if that works. Within our -- since we've gone public, we have a focus program on reengineering. We are constantly evaluating and improving our processes and certainly getting payback for our expenses, and gearing that towards the asset business grows this is embedded into the way we operate, Andrew. So from that standpoint, yes, I do believe looking at all of the elements of investing in the business the business is usual, the streamlining of those fences, we have a effective track record of us working as with the businesses to drive that effectively and leverage our overall activity. So I feel comfortable that we -- that will continue.
Walter Berman: Okay, Andrew, as it relates to the spread. I assume you're referring to the rate that we've already got and then have seeing that's going to evolve sequentially, okay.
Walter Berman: As I indicated, it's a process that we evaluate. Certainly, the competitiveness of our pricing versus peers and we have not seen basically changes taking place, but we are certainly prepared and but right now we just got engage with -- where it goes and meet -- and certainly be a competitive. On the reinsurance for us, I guess from our standpoint, we were quite effective as you saw in the quarter. Growth 62 million 12 net, and we will be continuing those programs into 2019. And again, we are constantly improving our product and certainly maintaining our insurance effectiveness.
Walter Berman: It’s a combination I think of course it have gone-up somewhat enable to adjusted terms but we still feel an effective mitigation.
Walter Berman: No, I don’t have the exact. I know it's not double-digit it was good negotiations, and I think we feel there's been a change, but it is still a very effective program.
Walter Berman: I think right now we are committed it gets certainly we have the right capital ratio so we are certainly committed to the product. And certainly, when the time is appropriate, as we're indicating, we're getting improvements. We will evaluate reducing capital appropriately and staying within the record of the agency and regulatory framework.
