Walter Berman: Suneet, its Walter. The two things, we had performance fees and also the market gave us a lift and those are the two items that drove both the earnings up and the margin going up 40. 
Walter Berman: No. That actually happens throughout the quarters. And as we -- but that does happen throughout the quarters.
Walter Berman: As we indicated on the employee channel, that is certainly heading into the high single digits, and that is improving, as we talked about. And certainly on our franchise channel is performing in the high teens. 
Walter Berman: As Jim has indicated and we indicated, certainly we see that it could hit 70%. We see it going up. And we talked about 70%, and certainly again into that range. So, and it is tracking. We’re doing well in the two areas.
Walter Berman: We have a very good compliance model in place, good technology, good supervision. We have very good expertise, particularly in some of these alternative products that we offer. So we feel very comfortable about that from a compliance and regulatory perspective. We are seeing a good pipeline of people both coming from independence as well as from the warehouses into our channel. One of the things that we sort of focus on is making sure that we do a very good compliant business, but we also are very focused from our client perspective. One of the keys that we really look for is high client satisfaction. As we mentioned, we just completed our annual study there, and our client satisfaction is quite strong, both for the advisor and the firm. And that’s some of the things that we really focus on. And when we put the tools, the capabilities, the programs we have in place and the advice type of model. So that’s what we're looking to continue to attract here for new people joining us.
Walter Berman: I don’t have that off the top of my head, but I think it’s actually a bit lower than it has been in the past based on just the market situation for some of those products, less on the compliant end for us. That hasn’t been an issue. It’s just more on the type of product in this market environment.
Walter Berman: Okay. Obviously we continue to evaluate the situation. But we certainly are committed to returning to our shareholders. And right now we’re close to 110%. It is lower than it has been. As Jim said and we’ve said, we will certainly manage it as we see the stock price, as we see the situation and being optimistic about it. But you see the trend line increasing as we indicated going forward, as what they that. So it will be something that, again we will continue to evaluate, but certainly it should be on a good trend line.
Walter Berman: Just on the impact from the equity markets, we have not seen any material change in regard to the retail business at AWM or in regard to asset management in general. What we did see and did talk about was a little more of the European slowdown from the volatility or the concerns that were in Europe and so that we have seen as a little bit of an effect, particularly on the retail flows in Europe.  
Walter Berman: It’s Walter, Alex. It’s in certificates. Short term certificates and it so it will have an impact as the markets go up and in given us better spreads. But again, it’s in the calculation. It will not be as rapid as certainly a big sweep accounts, but certainly we'll get benefit from it.
Walter Berman: You mean sensitivity, obviously they’re in three months, six months, nine months maturity depending on where they in the cycle and depending on where the rates go, that's where we will pick it up. It's less reactive than sweep.
Suneet Kamath - UBS: Okay. It just seems to me that we could push above 70%, particularly if short-term interest rates start to give you some help.
Suneet Kamath - UBS: Pretax earnings, okay. Then I guess on the annuity business, particularly the variable annuity business. I guess if I look at your capital allocation, it's only about $564 million or about 0.7% of account value. That just seems like a very low capital allocation versus what I'm used to seeing from other companies. And I know your mix of business might be different from other companies. But I guess I'm just trying to understand how you get comfortable with only allocating that much capital to the business? That certainly has tail risk as we've seen in recent periods.
Suneet Kamath - UBS: Pretax earnings, okay. Then I guess on the annuity business, particularly the variable annuity business. I guess if I look at your capital allocation, it's only about $564 million or about 0.7% of account value. That just seems like a very low capital allocation versus what I'm used to seeing from other companies. And I know your mix of business might be different from other companies. But I guess I'm just trying to understand how you get comfortable with only allocating that much capital to the business? That certainly has tail risk as we've seen in recent periods.
James Cracchiolo: The margin opportunity, as we said, we were in the ranges of the upper 30s, and I think that again is a market driven and other things, and certainly as the products take on, you get mix shifts also coming between fixed and equity so there’s a lot of moving parts to it. But certainly staying in the upper teens and 40 range is certainly something that is possible. Again, it’s subjects to market, so if the mix shift as it relates to where it's fixed or its equity.
James Cracchiolo: Well, what we see, this is Jim. What we see right now is we still have a good strong pipeline and institutional business. We’ve been expanding some of our mandates on a more global basis, and winning business there. We are building new products and capabilities, both our global as well as our asset allocation, risk parody, et cetera. And we see flows starting to come in, in that type of area. Probably as we go into the 2015 and the quarters in 2015 that that would hopefully start to add to our flow picture as those products come more online and we build up the sales channel for it. The retail, we see some improvements. Retail sales slowed a bit in the third quarter because of Europe. I think you'll find that across the industry. It’s more of a slowing on the sales, but that has bounced back in the past as things settled. So we’re expecting hopefully that over the next number of months to continue to turn around again. And if we look at the U.S. side of it, we think there is a large opportunity for us to get really focused. We have a new leadership. We are really looking at our various channels and our products right now. So hopefully we’ll gain some traction. We see some traction being gained, but unfortunately we had some additional outflows that we experienced in the third quarter from some of the DCIO et cetera that we think is starting to stem. 
James Cracchiolo: Again, we it’s one of the focuses is, Alex, of the way we manage the business both to invest in the business and reengineer, and that continually is being done. So we do look at that as something that we manage and contain relative to the opportunity and relative to our revenue growth. So you should see it being controlled going forward as we look into 2015. 
James Cracchiolo: This has been consistent as we’ve evaluated our strategy of offering product, and certainly the way we hedge the product, and certainly as we’ve gone into a more macro hedging. It has been something that has been. I would say the cornerstone of how we approach this business, which does distinguish us, I believe, from others. So we have evaluated the situation using the approach that I told you, multiple stress, looking at it. But you have to take a look at the product construct that we have, both the historic, and then just switching to the managed file, now more nonliving benefits and certainly the stability of the network and solution sector and the hedging that we’ve deployed again. So we actually do feel very comfortable in evaluating and we’re taking down from 500 to 250 looking at the situations. And we’ve been very consistent. I do feel very comfortable with it.
James Cracchiolo: This has been consistent as we’ve evaluated our strategy of offering product, and certainly the way we hedge the product, and certainly as we’ve gone into a more macro hedging. It has been something that has been I would say the cornerstone of how we approach this business, which does distinguish us, I believe, from others. So we have evaluated the situation using the approach that I told you, multiple stress, looking at it. But you have to take a look at the product construct that we have, both the historic, and then just switching to the managed file, now more nonliving benefits and certainly the stability of the network and solution sector and the hedging that we’ve deployed again. So we actually do feel very comfortable in evaluating and we’re taking down from 500 to 250 looking at the situations. And we’ve been very consistent. I do feel very comfortable with it.
James Cracchiolo: Yes, that’s part of it. And I would say the other part is a small portion of the debt that we just issued, went into that too. Because again, as we talked about, we are planning on certainly taking advantage of the rate situation and to use that for future maturities, but it is that and a small piece of it is the debt.
James Cracchiolo: It will have somewhat of a negative, but again, looking at our hedging strategy, looking at the other elements within it, it is certainly manageable within that. And so when we look at it, and I’ll candid, taking it down from 500 to 250, we’ve looked over -- nobody can predict everything, but we looked up for multiple periods to ensure that we’d be able to feel comfortable about that. 
James Cracchiolo: Yeah. On the Auto & Home, it was within ranges, a couple of main dials, but it was pretty close with what it would be.
