James Cracchiolo: Okay. So Alex, I think we've continued to have very good client flows quarter-to-quarter. This quarter, they were up 10% from last year. But remember, in the second quarter, you always have some adjustment because of tax payments. So if you look at even where we had some of the cash sorting in the second quarter, a significant amount was due to those tax payments coming out in April. And that also then hits your client net flows on a consistent basis like the cash. Having said that, I would say we continue to see that client flow activity being good. Our client engagement is good. But to the point you just referenced that we mentioned, consistent level has gone more into cash as a holding because of the current yield, right? Now this market has maintained itself a bit better than people expected. I think there was a surprise. Now how the market has climbed so much. Now it's starting to broaden a bit rather than just based on a few stocks. And so if that does continue, and there's a settlement in a sense of even fixed income yields feeling like they're not going to continue to rise at this point. There might be a shift back as we're beginning to see into fixed income products other than cash for a longer duration as well as in equities. And so now where does that money come from, our belief is that we've never held this amount of cash balances before, right? And so $70 billion is up to like 9% of our total assets here. And some of that will come back from those positional cash areas.  Regarding the sweep per se, we all hold a certain level of cash in those accounts because of usage just like a checking account and certain things like that. So we're not thinking that a large amount or the significant amount will come back. In fact, we see the cash sorting slowing as we go into -- down through the beginning of the third quarter here.  And so my belief is that it will come more from position of cash. And because of the size of the balances we're maintaining. Now I can't -- I don't have a perfect crystal ball, but when money comes back in, then more is actually held in a sweep for transactional activity that occurs. So that's really how we're thinking.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. So what we're really focused on is -- and I think if you looked at the second quarter, G&A was actually down 2%, but because of the share price appreciation and the plans, et cetera, it ended up 2%, but the underlying was actually down. And we expect that to continue. And we're taking a much more concerted effort now that we've gone through some of the major integration activities that we had to do in Europe even though that's not complete. Now we can take a more holistic view of our global expense base, which we are across all areas. And we think there is some good opportunity for us to really target for a reduction in expenses as we move forward and through 2024, and that's really our focus.
James Cracchiolo: On certificate side, as we would say, we sort of match us sort of like based on the yield we provide for those things. So we sort of look to sort of keep a certain spread on that based on when they -- the money coming in or where we look at it when it's matured.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. I can't -- listen, I can't predict the third quarter per se, but we're not changing that targeted rate, and we definitely believe that we can be within that targeted rate. I can't tell you about a quarter. But I would probably say, yes, we feel comfortable with that as we go to the second half, but into '24.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. So we did soft launched a brokered CD in the second quarter, and that's starting to take hold here. We also put out a base savings product. Again, that's beginning to take hold. And we have plans for the third -- the end of the third quarter to actually put some incentives type activity there to bring in new cash from outside the firm. . And also a preferred type of savings product in the fourth quarter. So we're sort of getting how they are positioned on the platform and then how we sort of rolled that out from soft launches, et cetera. But yes, we will have a set of those type of savings products as we go through the rest of the year into next year. We will then target to bring in more cash externally.
James Cracchiolo: So what I would say, first of all, you got to separate the suite, which is a different animal from various savings products, but I'll let Walter...
James Cracchiolo: So I think what I would say is I think good amount could come back, but not just into our own savings type products, but more importantly, into the wrap type of business again. If you recollect before the sort of period where people got a little more concerned, we had roughly a majority of our client flows going into wrap. And so I believe right now, we're at a sort of a low point of the amount of cash being deployed into wrap. And I do believe part of that went to positional cash. And that position of cash will start to come in. And remember, I think the investments in fixed income is much lower than it's been in a long time because of the yields going up on the duration and people not wanting to get whipsawed. And so that money will come back in, and that does go into wrap accounts as well because it's more of a balanced portfolio that they utilize.
James Cracchiolo: No, Suneet. We're already -- for instance, we're already bringing high net worth clients nicely. But we have not made that a more concerted effort in the franchise yet. But now we are putting more deploying around that. And we do have most of the capabilities, if not all of them. I mean there's always some bells and whistles we add, but we have added to a product platform, our alternative platform, et cetera. We have now -- and the advice part of what we have actually worked very well for high net worth clients. And what we found is when we did our research that we are considered up there for high net worth clients or prospects similar to any of the private houses out there that cater to them or the major wire houses that cater to them.  So we don't have a disadvantage there and it's one that we're building out the focus of our advisers to really understand and see that so that they can target it more. And then on the millennial side, we've made a lot of investments in our digital capabilities and the engagement way of doing that we will also be really starting to focus more on for bringing in younger clients either through some of the younger advisers we bring, but more even direct in some of our things because we have remote channel set up to work with clients that way. And so I feel very good about those opportunities, giving us further expansion efforts.
James Cracchiolo: I would -- let me start and Walter can complement. So overall, for the firm, when we talk about G&A per se, I would say it's relative -- it's going to be relatively flat. Remember, you got merit in creating another things that are part of that, but it will be relatively flat overall based on what we're looking to do. If you think about where there may be a little more versus a little less or maybe a little more in the AWM because of the growth of that business and maybe a bit less on the asset management side, meaning that there will be expense reductions. But overall, if I look at that across the firm, including all the various groups, it will be relatively flat, absorbing the inflationary expenses that occur while we continue to make good investments in the business.
James Cracchiolo: Yes. I mean, we haven't gone through an in-depth of what's recently occurred and what may happen in the market. I think from our perspective right now, we have a very solid business there. We have a very low risk profile for that business, as Walter said, it's going to continue to generate roughly $200 million of PTI a quarter, $800 million for a year. Most of that is free cash flow for us. So that's how we think about it. But if there are opportunities that arise, we'll always have to entertain them.
Walter Berman: Well, in July, yes, we saw -- it has slowed the way we anticipated, we're just observing now, but we feel comfortable with the slowing that we're seeing.
Walter Berman: So it's Walter. As it relates to Comerica, it's still on track and the activity levels and certainly the assets that we announced at the -- when we made -- consummate the arrangement is on track also. And it's characterization, yes, cash is a component, but it is within the ranges of the transaction. So we feel very comfortable with it, and we're targeting for the fourth quarter.
Walter Berman: So if you mentioned certificate, I would probably focus more on the bank because the bank is really where we have now the advantage of investing and having duration. As you've seen our yield right now is 4.6%. We certainly see that increasing as we have maturities and other things. So we feel quite comfortable that as the environment, I don't know where it's going to go up. I don't know it's going to go down, stay the same, but we are well positioned to have that stability of earnings there and that the yield that we see at the bank, which is the majority of where we've gone out under -- for investing will prevail as we look over the near term. So we're in a very good position from that standpoint.
Walter Berman: Yes. And the spread, as I indicated, increased because, obviously, where our investments are catching up with the rate, and it's short duration is 1 year. So from that standpoint, we will adjust it both from the rate crediting rate and certainly our investments, but we feel very confident with the spread there as it's incorporated.
Walter Berman: Yes, it certainly. We'll maintain a certain degree of spread. But obviously, just as rates go up and down.
Walter Berman: The margin, as we have certainly a reserve count that at search and the margin in the bank is similar. It's a little harder, but the margin is good. And then we're competitive on each one of the products as we look at the CD and obviously, the rates there are certainly being driven by regional banks and others, but we will remain competitive. But the margins there are lower as you would expect. [indiscernible].
Walter Berman: Yes. I would say, you're right. It will probably -- you saw [indiscernible] 4, 6 range. With that, we're getting in the ranges 5 -- high 5s, low 6s. And so that should go up. Yes, I can't tell you where rates are going to be. But if it's great to stay where they are, actually move around 50 basis points -- 40, 50 basis points by the end of the year.
Walter Berman: So again, from the standpoint on rate going down, we do have. Since we are now having some substantial amounts in the bank, that would give us insulation from that standpoint for the portions that would be subject to short-term of the Fed fund reductions, that -- on that basis, you can imagine it's a straight calculation for every percentage going down. So it's factored into our analysis and we've seen the cycle going up and going down, but the mathematics are -- on that basis, we have $6 billion, $7 billion sitting in -- on off balance sheet. You can do the calculation on a 1% change.  As it relates to the certs, the certs really to adjust. It's a matter like on the way up, we lose them until it catches up and the way down, we'll gain. Because we'll have the investments there, and we certainly have the liquidity to cover it. So therefore, it's a positive to us on the cert side when it's going down because of the investments. And just like we've had to catch up situation now when it's been going up.
Walter Berman: I think it's a matter of certainly the situation as you look at the FACA Board and what they felt about with the regional bank situation would they really want to now expand into a state. And we just felt the probability was done not there. And we're quite confident with the FSB at this stage. So we withdrew it, rather. And it was just -- again, they were working on decisioning it, and we just felt that we would withdraw based on the clients of circumstances. It will l till -- we still have -- again, the capability, so it doesn't really affect us, but that's the story. With the regional bank and the other situations, the environment just we felt was not there.
Walter Berman: Yes. So from our standpoint, as part of our steady state planning, certainly, the differential. No, if anything, you probably would have a tick up on a state situation, and we certainly understood that. But no, the short answer to the question is no. We do not because of this situation with the state or with the FSB. We quite -- we do not anticipate other than the Fed is evaluating, right, based on the situations that they've seen. And we would be just like anybody else in our -- what the size of our balance sheet impacted for that level.
Walter Berman: I think that more importantly where we stand with holdings. Certainly, we feel very comfortable with what we have. And as we look at it and then yes, certainly evaluated situations. As we've always said, we've looked at it, many of the stuff in the past has been distressed. Yes, we've seen some changes there. And certainly, we are not going outbound, well certain inbounds come in, we evaluate them. So -- but we are very comfortable where we are right now.
Walter Berman: Certainly, we've seen changes shifting with the books that are going. But again, we don't do a detailed analysis and we actually evaluate facts and circumstance as it relates to us.
Walter Berman: Yes. The interest rates will tight, but listen, there is a balance between the equity markets and in the interest market. So we -- from that standpoint, our -- looking at our available cap, that's why we came out of a ratio, looking at it because you're looking at it from an LDTI standpoint and from our standpoint, that's why we've determined it is not the driver of it. So the element is statutory from that standpoint. So we feel comfortable that the market is there. The interest rates, certainly, we -- you've seen our position and our excess capital has not changed sequentially. So we right now, it's -- we are navigating the situation, and we feel very confident with it. So as rate -- as environments change, we have the ability to certainly absorb and adjust for it. And yes, if we get benefits, we will evaluate certainly our positioning.
Walter Berman: Well, yes, listen, fixed annuities has certainly gotten back in favor from that standpoint. And we will evaluate it. But it also has implications from a balance sheet standpoint in surrender out of surrender and certainly portfolio. We feel very comfortable with, like you said, with the reinsurance situation and there, but we are constantly evaluating. We'll go back to manufacturing or not. And right now, I think we're comfortable where we are, but certainly, yes, there are advantages to it and it ebbs and flows. We do know that, right? As rates go up and down, you have implications from a liquidity and other standpoint with that portfolio. That's why we basically felt very comfortable reinsuring it. But it's certainly -- we continue -- RPS Group continues to evaluate and make a recommendation on it as we look at it. But we are -- I can say right now, we're good.
Walter Berman: That factor -- that was -- I was giving you actually the asset earning rate on that, going. And -- that was the question. That was what I was referring to. Or as that, we would just add to cost of funds for the bank as we look at the situation where it sources, which is primarily coming out of the sweep accounts.
Walter Berman: If you look at it from that standpoint, the large bound on certificates in the bank should be comparable. And yes, we have built up. And we just -- as Jim indicated, we launched our bank certificate product. So we will certainly have that offering to people. But right now, we're not anticipating big shifts coming in, but we're certainly giving them the capability within a short product.
Walter Berman: Listen, we have a very robust valuation system that goes on to ensure we offer competitive rates in that and we are now evaluating -- the team is now evaluating, yes. So you will have see, as we look at the competitive environment and landscape that we will evaluate then the -- our deposit beta and increase rates accordingly to ensure that we offer our clients competitive rates. That's a very focused program we have.
Walter Berman: Well, right now, we established this year, we said our target for this year is going to be 80%. Obviously, you can go up and down a quarter from that stand. And we're still comfortable with that right now staying with that guidance.
