Jim Cracchiolo: Okay. Yes. So what we saw in the fourth quarter was that we had actually some good flows in our fixed income consistent with the industry. So we’re like right in there with the industry average, which we’ve been able to gain share, which is one of the things we want to do. And we actually see stronger opportunity there as we move forward based on the funds and the performance of the funds and some of the categories that we know are in demand. So I think that will be positive. In equities, there’s been some rotation that occurred in the fourth quarter, value growth, et cetera, a little more volatility, a little sales slowed. I think you saw that in the industry. Our total sales were about industry average when we were above the previous two quarters. We actually feel pretty good about the fund line-up, the performance of the line-up, which is very strong and the number of funds that we’re selling now versus what we did in the past. We had a little reduction in some sales as we soft closed our dividend income fund. We wanted to temporarily look at that as we got a lot of activity into it to digest it. But we’ll be reviewing that as we move forward, and that has been a good sales driver for us. So I actually believe with the line-up and what we will do there and the continuation that equities will be in demand. I feel good about that as we move forward.
Jim Cracchiolo: So on BMO, we do expect a few billion more, I think, will come in, in the first quarter, something along those lines. On the breakage and we started to see a bit of breakage in the fourth quarter, as we said, probably of the $1.9 billion out from BMO we can estimate is probably around 40% to 50% or so. Now some of that was LDI, et cetera. So we actually think that there will be – I mean we always have to plan for a level of breakage. However, we saw that last year, clients stayed in pretty well. They really did like the assumption that we did of the business and what we’re doing in regard to putting it as part of our makeup. So we’re not really in any way disrupting some of the investment areas, et cetera that are important for that. But we’re trying to bring more capabilities to bear, greater technology, et cetera, et cetera, that would also be helpful. And so we will experience, I mean it’s an institutional business. So there may be up for review various things that they have to go through their processes. So we have assumed the level of breakage, but we will be reporting on that as we go through. But that’s all in the assumptions that Walter mentioned as we look at the business and what it will generate.
Jim Cracchiolo: So, so far for the first few weeks, retail activity has seemed to hold up pretty well. Again, it's always depends on what our expectations as we go forward and what the disruption may be. But I think there is still the opportunity for clients to appropriately allocate in their portfolios to add funds where necessary, et cetera. So, we haven't seen a dramatic shifts there. I would probably say, again, it depends on what they might be putting money into that may have adjusted a bit. But this market pullback may be an opportunity for some people. It depends on whether the projection out will be more of a more disruptive volatility versus one that people feel comfortable with. But so far, so good.
Jim Cracchiolo: Okay. So I'll handle part of that, and I'll have Walter handle the capital side of it. So as we said, we will continue to fine-tune our book to where we think both the products that are appropriate for clients in this environment, but also appropriate of the company as far as the risk return rewards and the economics overall. And so we have continued to shift from living guarantees back to our RAVA product that has no living guarantees in our structured product. Those were actually – the RAVA product was the core part of the business before guarantees came into favor. And we feel that they are very appropriate for a certain segment of the clientele base particularly in this environment and structures is a way for us to give people a little more of the steady state that they're looking for in the variable side of the business. So, we feel very good about that and the shift away. In fact, you saw our sales in total actually went up last year rather than down as we started to shift. And we don't feel an issue that we need to provide those guarantees. And there are other providers on our shelf for those guarantees. And the same thing in the insurance side of the business. We have turned up the Dow for variable universal life or disability products as we get focused a little more on the younger part of the population. These are products that, again, were the core of our business a number of years ago and that we're putting more emphasis on as we actually turn off the dial on some of the universal life-type products in this interest rate environment. So, we feel very good about that. They're good products for the clients. It's good for the company, good returns as well and ones we think are appropriate for the environment. And it does help us de-risk any tail risk for the future. So with that, I'll let Walter handle the capital. And I'll come back with the idea of how we're thinking about the books going forward.
Jim Cracchiolo: So overall, for the books, again, what we tried to convey to you last quarter and some of the information we released as well as some of the details we provided in the past, we actually have very good books of business. Our at risk is very low compared to what you've seen in the industry for various books in the VA category as an example. And so this just continues to add to that differentiation, per se, as we manage to maintain these books. Now in the environment we're looking, there's been greater levels of activity. They've been namely as the start, just like we did in our fixed annuity reinsurance, mainly moving assets for the general type of account that people want in VAs. They've been deeply discounted books or unique capital requirements that have been sold recently. Our books are very well managed; very low risk, very capital efficient, very strong cash flow generators. So, we are having conversations. We're reviewing as the market evolves. And there's more of an interest strategically in the quality of book that we have in what it will generate for the future for earnings and cash flow for a provider or even from a sales perspective. So, we will continue to monitor the market, have discussions where appropriate. And it might be, if there's a strategic or a value creation opportunity, both economic and from a shareholder and appropriate for the buyer as well as for us and our clients, we're very open to entertain that. But I would say that we continue to have very differentiated books, very strong cash flow. Our at risk [Technical Difficulty] capital position or even the call that there might be possibly on the capital, which wouldn't be that significant. So, we feel really good about it.
Jim Cracchiolo: So from a production level, the quality of our recruits are pretty consistent now with the averages that we've given you. So we have a mix of those advisers, but we also, as part of that mix, have $1 million-plus producers. Teams are very large coming over. But on average, across the entire recruitment spectrum, I would probably put it in the average of our production levels right now, which is good. I would also say that the survey we did of all the recruits we brought onboard come from a combination of wirehouses and independents, and it was very strong. There's a long detailed list of the questions asked about technology capabilities, tools, thought, branding, marketing, client acquisition, deepening, all that stuff. And very clearly, it was 90% or so in some areas, 90% plus, 95% of how well we were able to support them, give them capabilities to grow, the use of the technology, the technology itself, et cetera. So we feel really good. And it was from a wide range of people joining us from very good firms as well as independent firms.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. So we continued – and I'll let Walter get to the actual expense rate. But we continued even last year and the year before, et cetera, to invest strongly in the business. And with the technology, with the capabilities, with better analytics, et cetera, with robotics with AI. So we've been doing a number of things across the firm. We expanded our product set. And so we really feel good about what we've been doing. Yes, we have a level of investments that we will continue to do moving forward. You have to always sort of keep up and involve, enhance with the digital capabilities of cybersecurity, things like that. But we feel very capable of managing that. Maybe the level of investment we do this year might be a little less than what we did last year, as an example, that will offset some of the expense that we do see from inflation or wages. But we think that we'll be very well able to manage that expense against the revenue growth that we have. And we will modulate it. If we feel like the markets have come down a bit, if there's some compression that way, we will look to manage the expense base in a similar fashion. We're doing a lot now around what will the workforce continue to evolve to be, what's hybrid, what's not, what level of travel needs to come back versus not. We know that working digitally and through video does help in various sessions and reduces some of the T&E activities in the travel. But we also feel that is necessary face-to-face meetings and support and group activities. So some of that, yes, will come back in, but we think we'll be able to modulate it okay and have a reasonable expense picture.
Jim Cracchiolo: So what it is, is really these are both retail and institutional accounts. And the clients themselves have made that choice to move over to CTI. In the retail areas, there were some mutual funds adopted. The mutual fund boards made that decision as well. And so clients had a choice. There were other assets and activities that did not move over or that we didn't feel appropriate to move over. But we feel for the ones that we had very good lineup, very good investment capabilities as well as assuming some of theirs that would be great for the clients and good for us. And as far as the revenue type of arrangement, Walter, I'll let you handle that.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes. And that was mainly driven by an offset to, so [indiscernible] for what they had to do in their current business activities to wind that down, et cetera. So we feel it was very appropriate for both parties.
Jim Cracchiolo: I think it's reasonable. It's certainly – I'm asking, I don't want to get into the terms. But it is certainly, I think, a good transaction.
Jim Cracchiolo: What I would say there is that, first of all we've listened to you as the analysts, investors, et cetera. I spoke to my Board. We're doing a thorough analysis in regard to evaluating our business. What we love about the business and what we tried to explain to you as the analysts and investors that this is a very good business built over many decades, very solid books of business, very consistent books of business. Mostly all to my clients, who actually take these solutions against their planning activities for their retirement, et cetera. And so we are very comfortable with the books. We're very comfortable with the risk profile. We're very comfortable with the economic returns. I mean when you generate a 50% ROE and you have this balance sheet business and a strong excess capital; you can see how those returns are quite good and don't negatively impact the business. And with that, the free cash flow we use to buy back stock, which helps us just like to generate the free cash flow from the other asset-light businesses that go along with that. So it's not a – where some others had to get rid of this business, they needed capital. They had a long tail risk that they needed to get out of to invest in their other businesses. That's not our issue. So what we're looking at is to say, this is what we have. If that can add and someone can do better with it, we manage – we invest it short. If they can have other opportunities with their capital structure, with their investment structure, that's appropriate. If in a certain sense that they're interested in growing the business or want those capabilities or this would add a quality dimension to what they're doing and the values there, we're very open to explore that. In things like long-term care even, we haven't invested out in that book. There's a lot of opportunities for someone coming in to do something like that if they wanted to other types of investments they could make. So that's what we're exploring. Yes, it will take probably a while. But I think the market is continuing to evolve. There's a lot of money out there and there's some strategic players that might be interested. So we're having conversations. We're very open to that dialogue, and we'll explore it. If something is there, we will proceed. If it's not, we feel very comfortable maintaining the books.
Jim Cracchiolo: So you're 100% right in your sort of look at the idea of what's been sold out there or what's been done so far. And we would definitely be on the quality end of the any spectrum. Now having said that, what I would say is I think there is an interest as people think about long-term flows and where they want to put money to work over many years and having that quality as well. But it's a little different. It's not deep in the money, discount at it's not just the general account, there's variable accounts, et cetera. But I actually believe that as people start to evolve their thinking or appropriate – or strategic players have more of an appetite again, I do believe there might be some good opportunities that could be a win-win. But yes, I think those things are forming. That's why we're having conversations as the marketplace evolves and as people get a better understanding of how to differentiate. So that's what I would say, but that's a positive. That's not a negative. And as I said, I think you looking at our returns, our cash flow, et cetera, that's more of – we will make the right decision for shareholders. If that comes along tomorrow with the next day, we'll see. But I feel good about it.
Jim Cracchiolo: So Andrew, as we would probably say we do feel like we are and have been able to generate more flows through our client base and our adviser. Our adviser productivity has picked up. Our capabilities are we feel very good and very strong even as I've mentioned, in advisers that we recruit in. We've been able then to really get more clients appropriately, move up market actually to deepen those relationships quite well with the technology and the capabilities and the relationship management tools we've been giving them. We're actually adding to that as we go forward with the use of AI and capabilities looking at further opportunities, segments of the book that they can even focused on even more appropriately. So we feel good that we have been helping them pick up a level of that activity. And that has translated to the flows that you're seeing. Our client acquisition was up strongly this year, including in the segment that we really wanted to grow, which is the $500 million – the $5 million category. We're starting to work on moving even further up market to higher net worth. We're also focused on some of the younger generation as we bring in through the remote and the digital capabilities that we've been investing in. We're also – as we develop our product solutions, our integrated wrap programs and how they can move money and do it across multiple types of their portfolios for our clients and how we're looking at that. And we're developing a new retirement solution for the long-term for them to optimize returns for the clients and longevity income. So I feel really good about what we've been able to do is help advisors grow and the flow picture that, that will result in. Of course, yes, as I said last year, markets always helped a little bit when there's a positive environment. So that's part of the base. So I can't tell you regarding volatility and other things, whether that will slow down a little bit. But I think the base of activity is much stronger than it was two years ago and three years ago because of what we've been doing.
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, it wasn't that they weren't that happy. What we had asked them is across all these dimensions. So that's why I said there are a number of things that were above the 90%. And above all the things we asked them, whether we gave them and the capabilities to support the brand, et cetera, help them grow better, work with clients better, help them get better client satisfaction, all those things, grow their businesses. And so that's like an unbelievable. So that's nine times out of 10. Now there might be certain things in certain firms, but certain of those activities might have been good or the technology for that capability might have been good or solutions that they provided. So it's not like we're going to be best in everything. But when you get nine out of 10 across a whole bunch of dimensions, I would say we were very pleased. And I think that you'll find – I don't know if you'll find that with other firms recruiting people in – so I'd be interested. What I would tell you is as we look at the business, we do feel good about our ability to continue that along those lines. Now as far as the number of people, there are people out there that have been buying up networks and growing in advisors. And it doesn't matter what their productivity level is, it doesn't matter what they – how they want to do business, et cetera. We don't really want to play that game. We feel if we can bring in good quality people, if we could help them grow their productivity and if I can grow to productivity across 10,000 advisors and I can replenish that and grow at 1%, 2%, 3%, I'll do really well and I'll continue to give a very strong client value proposition. My client satisfaction is 4.9 out of 5. I mean that, to me, makes it a branded value proposition is adding value to clients, adding productivity to advisors. And I got a really good branded company that I think is valued more than just an independent or someone on a process or a network and giving them technology support. So that's really what we're focused on.
Walter Berman: Sure. So obviously, with the markets dropping did a correlated reduction in expense as it relates to third-party compensation. So that’s going to happen. As it relates to developing, we have strategies. We have not certainly been implementing. We’ve had this event take place in 2019 to 2020. You want to make sure we stay on track to get profitable growth and still invest in the business. So we’re engaging this situation. We feel comfortable as we navigate, we have our strategy. We’ll address it. It’s a leveraged business, but – good about that. And as it relates to inflation, we looked at our expenses on certainly, there is inflation on some of the wages, but it’s totally manageable and it’s been incorporated into our plan.
Walter Berman: G&A growth, we felt was going to be, again, in our targeted range, excluding BMO, of course, because that’s add-on from that standpoint. We’re normally in mid-low digits. And so again, at this stage, we feel a little comfortable from that standpoint, and we’re just evaluating where the market is going. But this year and as pointed out, we anticipate we could get a benefit coming from the Fed on interest rates, which would mitigate some of that.
Walter Berman: Sure. Okay. So a 400 basis point increase, we will keep the majority of that as we look at it. But again, that’s subject to doing competitor comparisons, but that’s been the normal trend line as it relates to that. And in that range, you should think about as we publish it, we have basically off balance sheet right now on the most affected is late. That has been in the mid-20% range. And then we also have our search, which will be – we’ll get benefits from it. So that’s the sort of math of it that we would get.
Walter Berman: Okay. It’s Walter. The answer is yes. The good assumption is still a good assumption about and you should assume in the range of about 25% should occur in 2022 and the balance beyond that mostly in 2023.
Walter Berman: Thanks, Jim. So on capital, yes. And obviously, in this environment, a base environment, it will certainly reduce. But the real reduction will come as you're selling less of benefits in stress situation. So it does certainly modulate that from a stress situation a lot more. But that – and we did stop the sales.
Walter Berman: Yes. I would say, as Jim has indicated, certainly, people recognize the quality of the book and from that standpoint – had been given. And from the standpoint, yes, people do look at distribution deals to some of them from that standpoint. So it's a whole potpourri of variables that have gone into discussions.
Walter Berman: Sure. So we certainly have the ability, and we certainly have a plan to increase the amount of transfer from balance sheet to on balance sheet as – and with the current environment and looking at this and especially with the anticipated Fed increase, you can get investment – high-quality investments the way we do it and go into 100%. So that's an opportunity. But you also now have the situation because you'll measure it even though we have the capacity; we'll be getting lift coming in on the balance sheet. So – but yes, the answer is we have capacity, good picking up of yield curve. But now you also get the variable of having higher earnings coming from the off balance sheet on the Fed fund side. So it's going to be an interesting evaluation point. But certainly, it is a positive for us in all aspects.
Walter Berman: Yes. So it's Walter. Yes, the answer is yes, certainly, from the standpoint of long-term care. I'm looking at basically our own book. That would certainly increase the attractiveness that standpoint as people go into – are you at the base and then the potential of the base. And people – certainly, it's a lot of people's thinking.
Walter Berman: Yes. Obviously, listen, these are leverage businesses if you look at asset management, equity box will have an increased impact. This year, I think, because of what's causing it, the Fed and certainly the potential increase in interest rates that will certainly give us window back on rep accounts and on surge and certainly on yield curve. So that is the other aspect that would be beneficial within it. But that's the area that we would see offsetting it. And then, of course, our ability to adjust our expenses, as Jim has said – previously done. But as far as yes, people shifting into sweep or in cash and the Fed increases the rates that will certainly.
Walter Berman: Yes. So obviously, on that standpoint you're right on the 30 basis points in that approximate range and there is revenue. But it's economically profitable for us. And we feel comfortable we're certainly taking care of that. But it's good really intent. They've certainly signed on to be with us. And I think, as Jim said, capabilities that we provide.
