Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, I mean we are reviewing almost a 1,000 pages of what the rules says but from our review and interpretation variable annuities will continue to be sold as would other investment products that are proprietary or affiliated. Of course consistent with that like we do today, everything would have to be appropriately disclosed. There would be no difference in the sense of let's say if we are offering one mutual fund versus the other compensation differences or anything like that which we do today. And the big exemption does allow for it in that regard. And even if you look at annuities today, we do a very detailed review before every -- any annuity is sold whether in the qualified or the non-qualified to ensure that it meets the standard as appropriate in regard to that there are real appropriate benefits that are the right solutions for the client versus alternatives. And we will carry that in to what we do here moving forward, and maybe some other disclosers that the rule would want but having said that we feel very good about the business we are currently doing and it is permissible as we read it under the rule going forward.
Jim Cracchiolo: The short answer to that is, yes. As an example I know one of the questions you have is around the cost of implementing and making these changes. And as I said and I can elaborate is that we have a tremendous level of resources and foundation built but as an example a company like ours we have about 400 people devoted to this right now. I doubt very much that a small broker dealer or even independents in general our advisors on their own are going to have the means by which they can navigate this, both from a legal, a regulatory, a compliance, a technology, a support, a serving, and education, a training, we have mobilized our field resources, the company resources, we’re going to be doing extensive training with technologies underway. So we have the ability to do this and we will and it's not just incremental cost we’re devoting and rechanneling our resources so that we redeploy to get this done appropriately. And I would just say it will squeeze others in the industry unless they have those capabilities and the means.
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, we’re reviewing, of course we have various funds that we sell across Europe. We have the different units by which we sell them on this so there will be some conversion et cetera and there will be the establishment of course that they do separate. So it will require work on behalf of financial institutions on what that is. But we think if it did come about there’d be a time frame and we in our initial reviews think that we could very easily or more appropriately accommodate those changes.
Jim Cracchiolo: I think it will continue, I would probably say that we had about 4 plus million, 4-5 million in first quarter as Walter said. And we will have incremental expenses but what we are doing is if we didn’t have the type of resources and the capabilities we have then it would be a tremendously greater amount but since we’re redeploying out of our internal resources to deal with this off of other various activities et cetera, we think we could accommodate. I mean if you look at the project itself and said you took the total it would be probably expensive. But if you look at it where we’ll add some incremental that will need in the time frame. Having said that, the redeployment would actually say the incremental would be much smaller than what would be required if we didn’t have what we have in place.
Jim Cracchiolo: Right, so the way we look at it is that we sell a combination of funds and share classes today with different reasons. We’re doing two things, one is under the big and appropriately if you’re doing a transaction oriented sale of course again that’s permitted and allowed under the belt and therefore a loaded fund is still appropriate and those funds still which will be ones are appropriate. And again it's as typical that you have to evaluate because everything will be into investment advisory is not necessarily a right as appropriate even from the SEC's perspective and the bit does allow it. Second, regarding our various activities and platforms, we are actually and we have been underway for this for last year and a halfbefore this even occurred to actually build our lifetime account infrastructure and what that will allow us to do is across all the various platforms on our investment advisory that we can have one seamless way of operating and therefore we can actually as the various share classes are introduced appropriately move and migrate -- give our advisorsthe ability to use the most appropriate and for the type of investment that'sout in the market place. And so we are migrating that anyway, we think that’s an appropriate longer term and based on our ability to do that would satisfy the DOL's regulation of what they are looking for from a sea and leveling and transparency. So that’s underway and that’s a very large investment but we have that underway to begin with and it's good that we have the infrastructure that we will going to be completing in '17.
Jim Cracchiolo: We don’t break it out, but it's probably in the low double digits and might that -- and it's being more ramping up as we have continued to introduce various ones that to do diligent affords etcetera.
Jim Cracchiolo: No in the fix carrier, particular with based on the environment we are in, that’s very little in sales anyway so we haven't introduced. And if that changes overtime, we could easily do that.
Jim Cracchiolo: Well that was actually I think more driven by the interest rates situation. And so from our standpoint as we look at in both with the hedging and everything from that standpoint, it was on that basis and we also declared a dividend out of the company in a normal course and on an ordinary dividend.
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, it's in the rounding so I would say it's certainly less than $0.5 billion. Again if you look at the earnings, look at what we did, basically pay out, it's less but it’s the way we express it because we are trying to get to the again 2 billion approximately then 2 billion plus. So I would say it's in the rounding of it and it's probably in the 0.25 billion range.
Jim Cracchiolo: The answer to that is, yes. And we are doing that as well as I said because not just we have the market volatility which we always plan that, you don’t know the perfect signs so whether that’s going to end or not. And second of all we have made a number of things in our reengineering that we think we could continue to move forward it as appropriate. And that actually helps free us up resources that we can deploy towards the DOL without incrementally increasing our resources where unnecessary.
Jim Cracchiolo: So when we look at our sales and across the business and then Walter into qualified, as we said to you before, Columbia is one of our strong providers in our channel, but as I always said to you it's low double digits in total sales across qualified, non-qualified the whole house. Within that we also [we didn’t]qualify have a very large substantial business and investment advisory and Columbia is part of that as they are in individual sales for a transaction on the brokerage side. But it's no more in qualified than it's across the house per se. And the percentage is small. So if you look at what may go on within the big side of it or the transaction side of it, you are talking about low mid-single digits. And so it's not that -- and it's no different thanother large providers in our system. And again Columbia has some excellent product with excellent performance and their fees are below average in general.  Then when you take and I'll just because the next question whether from your or somebody else will be annuities and similar so let me answer that one for you. Annuities is roughly in the qualified business of the total sales we do across the Ameriprise family here within the wealth management is only in the mid-single digits. So, if all annuities went away from -- we’re talking mid-single-digits of sales, but it's not going to occur because based on the reviews we do today and how substantial they are in preclearance we think that will continue. Now could some of it ship the next question from an upfront load to a level load, yes, and we have the ability to do that those products are there. So if the advisors as you said wanted to shift some behavior and they want to put an upfront load, they have the ability just like on the wrap do the level load. And so to our perspective we don’t think there is a substantial and even if it changes by a few percent I guess I heard from many of you over the times as why am I in the annuity business. So if it shifted away I’ll just go into investment advisory and I’ll still generate good profitability and good margins. So, we’re not concerned. We like the solution of the annuities because it fits the solution set for a confident retirement and longevity of income and that need will still be there and our advisors will still determine appropriately whether it's fixed. So whether it's Columbia product or it's annuities as an example, we think there is a critical need Columbia has excellent product, we don’t sell it differently, we don’t pay differently. So, we actually believe that and the big does allow for. So if we didn’t have what we had in place the due diligence, the disclosures, the review processes, appropriate compensation, we would probably have a different concern but we don’t in this case. But again we will adjust and if there is a migration and anything, we have different alternatives and we make those adjustments and I think from a perspective we’ll be in good shape.
Jim Cracchiolo: We are reviewing the various exemptions and the various options. And so we haven’t made a determination yet on what we will utilize for the advisory and the various programs within it. So that's under review right now but there are the various exemptions and we’ll see what’s most appropriate as we move forward.
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, very clearly again under the rule it allows for various levels of cost reimbursement and services for [indiscernible]. And we can well support what those are and the amounts that we collect in it. And we feel that as we move forward consistent with that based on the services rendered, the price of those, et cetera, et cetera, that that will continue on. There may be some adjustments as we look at it and review it but we don’t think that would be material.
Jim Cracchiolo: The payments we get are all for the cost reimbursements necessary for the services we rendered that are well support and appropriate for what we do.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, because remember there is qualified and non-qualified. So qualified let's say half of the total and then within that you get a bit more into the investment advisory than you even get into the brokerage on a transaction side. And that’s continuing to shift as we continue to grow our investment advisory flow program. So I think that’s a natural shift that’s occurring anyway and we will continue to do so.
Jim Cracchiolo: No because if [identical] you said it was 12% overall sold in my system and let's say you then take 50% of those sales being in qualified and then you take more than 50% of those sales being sold within qualified and investment advisory then you are less than a quarter-of-quarter-of-quarter in brokerage.
Jim Cracchiolo: Well, I’ll put it this way again and we are all doing our view, but the rule does not prohibit IRA rollovers, it requires the higher level of analysis, documentation and disclosers to determine that's in the best interest of the client. And today we do something very similar, roll over are now considered part of the fiduciary revised, so formerly it's required that you do a number of things necessary to truly show what that is. And it builds upon for us what we already have in place is very strong comprehensive roll overeducation and discloser materials and we think those whatever we need to enhance to them would meet some of the things, but that review process would be necessary. We have a program in place called leave it or roll it over already which evaluates the various options for retirement plan assets. And we will then enhance those where appropriate. But I would say that the rule does not prohibit but it does make sure that your [analyze it] appropriately to make sure that that is appropriate for the client for a number of reasons. And again I think that is some of the things that we do today and will continue to do and if that enhances we will be able to accommodate.  What's that does longer term to behavior, I can't sit here as I said, I can't predict what happens longer term and why, but I would say that the client needsthe ability to determine whether they should be managing the assets differently, they should consolidate them, they should develop the various ways to get in streams of income, what does a plan does provide that to them or not, those are all things that will have to be evaluated on an individual basis.
Jim Cracchiolo: What we were doing is very clearly, we weren’t waiting till the rule came out to start the work necessary and thinking about what would be required. Since the rule came out, what it said is that the period was extended a bit and it was less onerous to some of the requirementsparticularly that you would have to do with calculations and data and all that stuff. So as we now look at it some of the incremental that we thought would even ramp up a lot more is not going to be as necessary. But the expenses we are talking about are incremental as I said internallyparticularly in AWM but in other places in the company we are the -- redeploying significant resources that is within the AWM's expense base. So even though we tightened expenses we could have probably tightened them bit more but we are now ensuring that we do that, but I would consider that more of a redeployment rather than incremental. There will be some more incremental Walter is working on what that would look like and we’ll give it to you in the second quarter. But as we said, a lot of it will be from redeploying what we do.
Jim Cracchiolo: Yes, what I would say Suneet is this, and I wish I could give you more perfect signs, I can’t. I would say this, I know people that looked at us and said we are going to be more significantly impacted from the industry et cetera. We don’t believe that. We think that some other people will be impacted a lot or in general across the industry. So what I would just say is we will be impacted. There is no doubt about it. This will cause a level of disruption change focus on moving and migrating when necessary, changing people’s behavior a bit. But we will get that done. Now what that will probably mean is there’ll be some adjustment and whether there’ll be cost or revenue in some fashion over a number of periods, but it will work its way through. I would not say that it would be significant that’s why we say manageable, but I can’t say it won’t be anything. Along the term, we do feel that we have a good value proposition. There is a real need for our services. We will put in place the necessary things appropriately to help our advisors continue to build their businesses. And with that we will get back on track to the margins that we said we were targeting. But more important than the margins the growth of the business and from the growth of the business the margins will occur. So I can’t sit here and tell you that no we changed the strategy, we haven’t and I can’t say that we see something that would take us off of our cost longer term but I could probably say that maybe just the seamless idea that you’re going to continue to do everything in the next periods where that’s not going to translate to some change I can’t say that at all. Longer term we’ll see what happens but this is an environment that does change. But Ameriprise has the capability, we have good value proposition, good foundation and that’s the way we are going to navigate. So I am not here to give you a perfect sign, what I am telling you is we’re not falling off the cliffs. We are in good shape. We have the means. We have the ability. We have great client satisfaction. We’ve got terrific advisors that know their business well and we are already operate in a very compliant way.
Walter Berman: I believe its again with market saying that we should recover back up to the 38 and up range in that we were in previous quarter, again it's subject to markets and certainly we are being disciplined on our expenses. And so we believe that will definitely occur.
Walter Berman: And on the financial side, obviously, we have dividend flows and other things which we are looking at putting in hedges and we’re just evaluating that right now.
Walter Berman: Let me take a shot. In the first quarter we incurred couple of million dollars as relates to. But again that’s in the context of the original publication on the regulation, which was lot more comprehensive in the time frame so a lot more compressed. When the final rates came out, we are reassessing that and obviously that would we believe result [indiscernible] time frames and less basic change factors that we are assessing at this stage we believe are there that that number will be adjusted. But that is the process that we’re going over. And I would say at this stage and again, please take this in the light of we are still in the midst of that, the expenses will probably be spread as we look at it and probably a reasonable portion of it and again don’t know the number yet will be in the 2016 time with some spillover into ’17.
Walter Berman: Well, again in fact we certainly as Jim indicated when we took a -- and we evaluated our expenses base relative to revenue growth and certainly looked at the areas that would again non-inhibit growth and certainly allow us to deal with the DOL announced but we do believe there is still room to manage those expenses very effectively as we go forward.
Walter Berman: That was again as I am looking it of course to enterprise it, that was around $4 million, $5 million, yes.
Walter Berman: Well, actually again as we look at that expense, it is a onetime expense because it affects most of the segments. So actually we are picking it up in corporate.
Walter Berman: Suneet, it's Walter. We’re scratching our heads also I’ll be candid about it maybe because people think we have both sides. But certainly as Jim has said both on the annuity side and on the Columbia side, these are all numbers within ranges that are certainly not concentrated at such levels. We have demonstrated adjustment and if these products are within acceptable exemptions and things like that and they are solution driven. So we’re scratching our head also, that’s why candidly we are -- so basically purchase what we purchased in this quarter because we do believe we’re undervalued.
