Britt Vitalone: Yes, thanks for that. As it relates to M&A and the impact that we expected to have, as you know last year, we completed a number of acquisitions and in the fourth quarter, we completed the acquisition of RxCrossroads and I would remind you that we provided you an accretion estimate by the end of year three of about $0.25, but we completed a number of acquisitions that we are excited about, we think that they are going to add to the overall excitement and RxCrossroads is a good example of that.
Britt Vitalone: Sure. Thanks for that question. With ClarusONE, we are certainly working with Walmart, but also our other customers to understand where we have opportunities to leverage our scale collectively with our customer base. OTC is certainly an opportunity for us and it’s one that we have discussed among other, many other opportunities at Walmart. So clearly looking at how we can help our customers and how we can leverage scale across ClarusONE and our customers to deliver across multiple categories is certainly something that we are talking about and considering as we move ClarusONE forward.
Britt Vitalone: I would add to that, John, that, clearly the focus is not just on the customers as we think about the growth of specialty we work very collaboratively across our customers and our manufacturing partners to find the value not only for our customers, but our manufacturer partners if you think about our specialty business which we have invested in, we have a range of services and capabilities that we can help provide our manufacturing partners as well. So our focus here is obviously to get the right compensation for all five categories, but we do that looking across collaboratively on manufacturing partners and our customers.
Britt Vitalone: Yes, thanks for the question. I would say that our ‘19 guide is really reflective of some of the customer loss activity in transition, but Rite-Aid stores that we mentioned during our prepared remarks, but as we think about that business, specialty has been outlined for us as one of the key pillars. We think we have a lot of services and capabilities that we can provide not only our customers, but our manufacturing partners. And we think that’s going to position us well to participate in the growth of specialty from a dollar profit growth perspective. We have also made a number of acquisitions that we outlined through FY ‘18 that we believe are going to continue to strengthen our position in not only specialty, but the manufacturer services component of that business. While we have some near-term headwinds as John outlined, the business we believe is well positioned to take advantage of growing specialty marketplace.
Britt Vitalone: Yes, sure. As we mentioned in our earlier remarks, we are in the preliminary phase of our operating model work. We have outlined for you an expected set of restructuring charges for that preliminary base and we have also outlined for you that we expect that these savings that will generate will be modest in FY ‘19 as we build through some of these capabilities and some of these cost programs that we are looking at. So, we are in early phases of it. In FY ‘19 you should expect to see some investments and some savings that will help fund those investments that will really benefit us as we go into ‘20 and beyond.
Britt Vitalone: No, well, thanks for the question. As John mentioned, we fully factor in all of the upcoming renewals into our guidance. So that’s already in there. I think what we are reflecting here is as we talked about before we have a couple of customer losses through consolidation in transition with Rite-Aid that is providing a little bit of a near-term headwind for us, but we continue to invest in the business through some of the acquisitions that we have outlined before and we believe that those acquisitions will continue to add value and be accretive to us over the longer term. So I think our guidance on the flat to down mid single-digit as you identified is really reflective of couple of customer losses that we talked about earlier in the call.
Britt Vitalone: And I would just reiterate as I talked about the generic environment, we do see a continuing competitive environment, but a more stable environment. I think that’s an important factor to just remind you of.
John Hammergren: Well, that’s a good question, Lisa. I would say, our history is that we maintain these relationships for very long times. The contracts might have duration of let’s say an average 3 years, but many of their relationships go decades and our typical pattern is to renew those relationships or extend those contracts in a form that’s very similar to what it’s been in the past. So, I’d say most of them don’t renew exactly on the expiration date. They usually sort of a rolling process of renewals before they expire to the standard to move forward with the relationships. So, your point is accurate. I can’t give you specific time, but these things would renew usually in advance of their expiration date.
John Hammergren: Absolutely. I mean, our guidance fully reflects what we anticipate will happen in fiscal ‘19 and reflects the contracts that are expiring in our anticipation of not only the renewal, but also likely financial impact of those renewals. So, that’s fully included. Now, clearly, we could be surprised and we don’t anticipate that we are going to lose our customer base and that our assumptions are built into this forecast.
John Hammergren: Well, Britt helped us build ClarusONE, I will let him address ClarusONE specifically, but obviously one of the things we are trying to do also is to get more and more of our customers to buy all of their generics from us and that compliance to our generic purchasing requirements continues to expand. So that’s part of the value that we derived both for our customers and for ourselves is getting more and more people into sourcing all of their generics from McKesson. As it relates to going beyond just generic purchases, Britt, maybe you can talk about future opportunities.
John Hammergren: Well, thanks for the question. I think as we have indicated and we began this process several years ago and as our contracts have renewed we have been very successful in working with our customers to provide specific pricing to the five categories of product purchases that I described. I think we have been quite successful and I would anticipate we will complete this process throughout this fiscal year and perhaps slightly into next fiscal year. I think what you are seeing in our business is a continued focus on driving value for our customers on many dimensions. Certainly, the specialty business is focused on the clinics, the U.S. oncology business, the things we do outside of the hospital continues to perform very well and grow rapidly, but there is also a growing portion specialty that’s inside of our standard U.S. pharmaceutical business. That mix change continues to be reflected in some margin pressure in our business and that’s what we have been attempting to alleviate when we renegotiated these contracts, having said that, there is incremental profit being derived from the sale of the specialty items even in these hospital settings. So I think the margin expansion opportunity that we have achieved in the past has been partially driven by the move to generics, it’s certainly been driven by the efficiency in our operations and now it’s going to increasingly be driven by our ability to become more efficient in our operation to offset a little bit by the mix change that we are seeing.
John Hammergren: We haven’t been very specific on the timing, I think because we are continuing to evaluate when the best time is for that company to go public. It’s going to be dependent on our view of the synergy and the flow of the synergies that we outlined at the beginning of the business case, obviously, the revenue projections for the business and then clearly market conditions. So I think stay tuned as we get closer to picking a date, we will certainly advise you, but the plan remains as it has been to take the company to an LDO – or excuse me an IPO process.
John Hammergren: Well, certainly, the exposure we have in specialty continues to grow and we have put the company in a position where we think we can benefit through this new growth cycle. A lot of the innovation that’s coming from the pharmaceutical industry is coming as you mentioned in the specialty categories in particular in oncology. And as Britt was talking about a few minutes ago, some of the acquisitions we have done on the internal development we have done has been to provide incremental services to pharma manufacturers, particularly those that are focused on specialty launches and what can we do to support them. So we have an increasing revenue and profit stream coming from the manufacturer services part of our business both in medical and in pharmaceutical products and we continue to increase the exposure the company has and the opportunity we have to support those launches with the manufacturers. As it relates specifically to reimbursement, clearly, we are following that very closely. We do, our customers in particular, had some exposure to what type of reimbursement models the government might put in place, but I think clearly everyone would agree that service provided by community-based physicians provides not only better access and convenience at people, quality, but it also does it at a much lower cost. And so I think that certainly ourselves and other people that are involved in the channel would clearly recognize and the payers as well recognize that community-based services of these specialty products is the place that people should go. So I am pleased with our footprint and I think we will continue to grow nicely as these products come to market.
John Hammergren: Well, you can see some of it played out in the acquisitions that we are doing. And as we have talked about the acquisitions in last year and the years prior, we are obviously trying to increase our exposure to specialty in the manufacturer services which we have talked about. We would see us continuing to invest in our Medical-Surgical business, MSD is a good example of that and you have seen us continue to expand our ability to attract customers through innovation from a technology perspective. So I think you will see us continue to invest across some very good dimensions and we obviously have done some acquisitions in our U.S. pharmaceutical business as well that have performed very well. So, I think it remains opportunities for us to continue to expand our service for our customers.
John Hammergren: Well, you mentioned manufacturers in the middle of it, so we do have obviously contracts with providers.
John Hammergren: Well, I certainly think on many dimensions it will. In some cases, we have exclusive access to products that we might be shipping to do our specialty pharmacy businesses. Clearly, in the medical side of our business, we have special arrangements with lab supplies and others, so that our customers would have a difficult time finding the complete set of solutions from another source and so that would be part of it. I would say that the services we provide to our customers in our biggest business, our U.S. pharmaceutical business continues to be driven by our ability to innovate and help them deliver value beyond just the cost of goods that we provide. So you have seen this grow our business significantly, for example, with Health Marts over a decade now, over close to 5,000 stores and that’s driven largely not just by the price of our generics as an example but by the value we can deliver to the store, improving their profitability, improving their access to patients and putting them into these narrow networks and making sure that they are getting a consistent supply of customers and new customers and growing the way the relationship can become over time through a more fulsome set of capabilities and we are doing the same thing on many dimensions with our largest customers. And that’s why our renewal rate with our customer basis has been so successful. We mentioned in our prepared comments that we have renewed or continued or expanded or pushed out our date of expiration on these large independent GPO customers. So, almost all of those now have been renewed and have been expanded. That happens because of the total value that we are able to deliver to our customers. I mean, if you back and look at our customer retention across even our largest most sophisticated customers, we largely retain those customers unless there is something disruptive that happens in the marketplace. So I think we are quite confident that we will continue to build these relationships and continue to expand in it. That doesn’t mean that we don’t have price pressure in it. We don’t have to renegotiate and get back some of the efficiencies we have derived over years in serving the customer, which will provide obviously some downward pressure on our margins, which is reflected in our guidance. I think we remain pretty committed to adding value to our relationships and expanding them.
John Hammergren: Well, we don’t talk specifically about generic pricing. I would say the way we think about generics, that was when we want to be the best buyer of generics in the marketplace and we believe we are today or currently equal to everyone that’s sourcing generics, our scale is quite significant. ClarusONE has performed exceptionally well and our customers benefit from the scale that we provide and certainly the manufacturers do from the share we are able to deliver consistently to them through these relationships. On the sell side of our relationship, we are committed to making sure that our customers retain or I should say obtain a competitive price and we know where the market price is for our customers on a molecule by molecule basis and we are committed to making sure that they remain competitive. And in the middle, between those are the spread or the return that we get for the work that we do. So, I think we see a more normalized generic market as compared to the recent past and we are confident we continue to manage that business on both the buying side and the selling side appropriately.
John Hammergren: Well, thanks for the question, Ricky. Clearly, there is – unless the government decides to impose some type of price methodology and price fixing or some type of price controls like we have in other socialized countries, but the gross to net discussion is really one that is in some control with the pharmaceutical manufacturers. And as we analyze what’s being said and we think the question of middleman is primarily focused on people outside of the pharmaceutical wholesaling business, the people that are heavily involved in receiving and/or processing rebates, incentives etcetera. So, we don’t think the focus and the discussion is really wholesalers’ business model and so that will be a part of my reflection on the question. And the second is that you can imagine that at the net price it’s realized by pharmaceutical manufacturers is a derivative of all of the discounts that they are providing and rebates they are providing to many, many different customers. And if you were to think about how they would move to a single price and what effect that would have on their profitability, it will be quite dramatic. I don’t think the manufacturers would be inclined to move to a single price for all of their customers and to not use – to go forward without using some type of rebate in their incentive programs to recognize the various discounts that are required to obtain business from different players in the industry. Having said all of that if they were to pursue some type of an environment where our business model has changed and the economics would change for us, we would do what we have done in the past, which is to sit down with the manufacturers. I reflect to them what their change in behavior has done to our profitability or could do to our profitability and we recoup that profitability by reorienting our agreements in a different fashion. We did this in the past when we went from a purchase process where we were focused on price inflation to a more stabilized environment through fees and we would do a very similar process with the manufacturers in this environment where we attempt to recapture the dollars that are involved here through a different mechanism. And I think we will be successful as we were before. No one in the supply chain has indicated an interest in getting rid of wholesalers and no one is focused on taking away our slim margins. No one has talked to me about the fact that they can find better utility in some other fashion. In fact, it’s quite the opposite. Our provider customers are using us more and more. They are relying more and more on our service. They order more and more of their products through shutting down their own warehousing. They are dismantling their own purchasing activities. So, they are focused on partnering closely with us. And on the manufacturer side, they are doing the same. They are more and more dependent on our national redistribution center and more focused on our manufacturer services in fact going more and more away from their own operations and using McKesson as a valued partner. So, although there maybe some disruption certainly concerns in a process of the transition that would be significant, I think we would emerge on the other side where we are today are better.
John Hammergren: And perhaps, Ricky, what folks have missed is that there was a very large acquisition in the grocery business that affected us negatively and we don’t typically talk about specific customers or contracts and maybe some people measure that transaction and its effect on us as well in other grocery operators. We had a couple of transitions last year that we had not anticipated and really do largely to consolidation and we don’t anticipate that going forward, but you see it reflected at least partially in our guidance in addition to the loss of nearly half of those Rite-Aid stores.
John Hammergren: I think as I mentioned the sell side environment is competitive as it always has been, but it’s a very stable environment now as opposed to what we saw in fiscal ‘17.
John Hammergren: Well, thanks for that question, Eric. I will start off with that as we have outlined in our guidance here, our revenue is expected to grow low to mid single-digit. Now, that is reflective of some of the headwinds that we have already identified in our U.S. pharma business. Specialty is clearly the fastest growing product category in the marketplace today and while it has an impact on our margin rate, we are still participating well in growing margin dollars as a result of that specialty growth. And add to that, some of the things we have already talked about our position in specialty and some of the investments that we have made in specialty, it helps us to really leverage and capitalize on those opportunities to grow with specialty. So I think what you are seeing in our overall segment guide is a reflection of the headwinds from the customer losses, but specialty continues to grow nicely and we are continuing to participate in that op profit dollar growth.
John Hammergren: Thanks for that question. I think as we think about the range, there is a number of factors that can drive it. I have given you an idea of what our assumption is on branded pricing environment, which we expect to be similar to FY ‘18. So, certainly if the branded pricing inflation environment is different that could certainly impact it. We are very excited about the contributions from ClarusONE we think that we are making great progress there. We certainly have a lot of other opportunities in other product categories as we have talked about today and so that certainly is an element for us that we think that can help us continue to grow and to help our customers grow. And as specialty continues to grow and we continue to position ourselves well with some of the investments that we have made, I think that we are well-positioned to continue to take advantage of that. So, these are few of the factors that I would point out that could help us to get to closer to the top end of that range.
