John Hammergren: We had a – Ricky, this is John. We had a very large - we have a very large customers in the mail business that had some significant year-over-year progress in terms of customer winds. You saw us benefit from a revenue perspective that help pushes into the double digits in addition to the launches of some of these specialty drugs. So the combination of those two events were probably the things that propelled us from the revenue perspective. The 7% from my perspective at least now is more consistent with what we think the market underlying growth rates are probably running out today. Obviously, there are some minor changes in what we might see from a mix perspective and I think to James' point is probably little premature for us to talk about FY17 revenue forecast. But I think we're probably going to grow like we are today in line with the market. It's just a question of any customer changes that might happen during the year either customers of ours that are winning or losing business or when on occasions sometimes we lose a piece of business like we did with a large mail to customers just recently.
John Hammergren: Well, I would emphasize our view around a generic price inflation was normal, so not zero, but certainly modest – certainly significantly down from when we came into this fiscal year with much higher expectations.
John Hammergren: Well, it is early in our work. Obviously, this is something that we did embed within the preliminary guide that we offered a couple of weeks ago for fiscal '17. But we're going through the detailed work now. We do think that there is opportunity and I've noted before that that opportunity would likely drive a one-time charge in Q4 of the current quarter. And will be able to hence provide an update in May. But certainly we feel that there is some opportunity.
John Hammergren: I think you have to net it for ZEE that's probably the thing the most people miss when they look at those numbers. So we don't adjust those out. They are in our adjusted numbers with you and your reflection.
John Hammergren: These things come through in unforecastable and sometimes lumpy fashions. It's really is just a single settlement. It's quite large by comparison to others that we receive and certainly by comparison to other years, so I think that’s really it.
John Hammergren: Well, I'd like to say that the majority of that $0.85 has being driven by generic price increases changes.
John Hammergren: Well, thanks for the question, it clearly - we try not to feel pressure on any dimension because it may cause you do something that doesn’t make sense. Having said that, as our balance sheet is become healthier and we paid off some of the debt and made the commitments that we said we would make relative to de-levering after Celesio, we are very aware of the fact that we now have expanded opportunity to deploy our balance sheet in a portfolio way and we planned to continued to do so. I would say that, the fluctuation and evaluations does make some opportunities more attractive than others and clearly even some of the private companies have might have dreamed of IPOs et cetera may be more available to a conversation with us than they might have been otherwise. And as it relates to putting leverage back on the company, I think the fact that we were able to lever up and then de-lever again give us creditability with making our commitments a reality and I think that the issue of another leg on the stool or transformational deal and clearly we look at any deal that make sense to its financially and strategically. I don’t think we push anything away from the table. But having said that, synergies are usually more possible on deals that in more line of side on deals that are in one of the segment that were currently participating in. And so I would tell you that our buyers is to go into businesses that we currently understand and operate as suppose to something that’s for a field when the synergies are based on some expectation that the markets are going to be more attractive whether going to grow faster and we use we can add lot to those values if we don’t have synergies to bring into the transaction.
John Hammergren: You may recall that we talked about generic inflation in the past, we talked about the fact that is driven by a small number of molecules from a small number of manufactures that have inflated to very high degree and I’d say that our current experiences at some of those out layer increases have diminished significantly. But overall if you think about the portfolio overtime it has been in more of a deflationary mode so we talk about inflation. We really talking about the net effect of inflation on our business driven by those molecules not the overall portfolio inflating or deflating because that typically deflates. We think that its – we’re in a period now where we’re going to have modest inflation that’s what we’ve been experiencing, that’s what we talked about in January 11, and that’s what we anticipate for the rest of this fiscal year and into next fiscal years is modest generic inflation.
John Hammergren: Well, clearly we have made significant progress in helping our customers procure generics more affectively and use our distribution channel to bring them to their stores at a more cost effective way as well. And so I think we’ve have seen progress you mentioned our hold and Albertson's Safeway and many of our independent customers have continued to join us in the generic procurement side and have become more and more reliant on the customs ability to help them reduce their cost and improve their performance. Our Health Mart stores are now above 45,00 stores and that program has been extremely successful in driving generics and our proprietary generics programs are still growing in healthy double digit kind of ranges. So overall I think we continue to make progress. Some of our largest customers still procure some are all of their generics on their own, through their own distribution network and do their own sourcing activities and we continue to have conversations with those customers about the value of using McKesson’s combined power with their to do an even better job and those conversations obviously are important to us as we think about the relationship of these customers. It would be premature for me to talk about specifically which customers we think might provide the most opportunity but I don’t think the table isn’t run yet relative to opportunity for us.
John Hammergren: Our initial expectation was at the regulation, regulatory process would be extended and follow about the pattern that we have seen before in this country and I think we’ll remain extremely optimistic that these transactions are examined through their process that we will stand a very good chance of accomplishing the acquisitions in large and reform that we had expected when we announced them. And then answer to your earlier question also Lisa relative to procurement, I might also point out that the opportunities for us extend beyond just the U.S. and many times customers look - you look at customers that you know of in the U.S. that are buying on their own but there are also customer buying on their own in other important markets for us where we and they have the ability to dispense to generic that we’ve sourced together. And so I think that we remain very optimistic with our global activity and our procurement programs will continue to grow.
John Hammergren: It's difficult Dave to comment on pricing because it's sort of in the lands of where we are currently doing business and where we’re competing for business. I would say that overall the business remains competitive but stabilized. I don’t see a lot of customer changes that would drive one to believe that there is something going on the materially different from a pricing perspective out in the marketplace. I can speak for McKesson's strategy and that is we continue to focus heavily on our selling efforts within our existing customer base trying to find ways to add more value to those relationships and through that value added create a relationship that has more stability but it also provides a better profit for our customers and better profit for McKesson as we evolve these partnerships. And so I think our principle focus is in the area of expanding our footprint with the existing customers and helping them perform better.
John Hammergren: And I'd also point out to this obviously, there is no effect on the operating control we’ve already established with Celesio. There is really no effect on our financial statements other than this potential cash liability but the - we consolidated their earnings, we operate the company and to James' point, this outstanding share are remain outstanding and can be put to us when they decide they want to put them to us.
John Hammergren: First off I’d remind folks that on early January I've made a comment about this business we believe will be retained by McKesson in its current form through late in our fiscal 17 numbers. And so with the guidance we’ve given you for fiscal 17, that range includes that we would - or assumes that we’d continue to enjoy the Rite Aid business in relative its same relative form through that end of that period. Obviously, we could be off, plus or minus depending on what your view of the process by which Walgreens will complete the transaction and how that may actually take shape. I'd say that we were reluctant to ever comment on what a customer might do when the decision is in their hands. I’d say however, you’ve seen certain customers of ours, value the incumbent relationship and continue to enjoy a relationship with McKesson going forward like you do at target at Omnicare where the relationship change from a mix perspective but we are able to retain at least a portion of the business. I would not take that speculation and apply it necessarily to Walgreens but I’d just point that out as certainly an alternative that has some possibility other than that not much I can say Ross.
John Hammergren: I've read the whole thing several times and highlighted the areas of most interest to me. Obviously, it's still very early to understand all of the implications and to understand the ability of the states to implement this rule. I think that it's likely to be pretty limited in the states that have already largely moved to manage medicate program in recent years. This really is a state medicate fee for service kind of an application and I guess our initial assessment is that we expected to have a fairly limited impact in the supply chain as we see it today.
John Hammergren: Well, I'm reluctant to make an industry call. You guys are and others are well positioned to do that. Clearly, part of what you have to look at is the amount of generic launches that come out, what kind of price inflation you're going to get on the branded launches. What kind of specialty drugs might hit and when. So there is lot of complexity. I guess what I was attempting to describe was that the relative higher rate that we had in advance of this quarter was driven by some specific customer wins that happen to flow through our P&L and that lapping affect of that success by that customer is what – is comparative that we’re chatting it outside. That makes sense to your - 
John Hammergren: No we really haven't seen any change of any significance in the branded side and I'd say that the results are aligned with our expectations.
John Hammergren: Well, it's also is difficult to speculate on what the drivers are. We are not the ones making the decision on the generic or the branded side is relative to inflation. I would say the political discourse that's taking place and the congressional inquires relative to pricing practices, I think are obviously going to have people at least pausing perhaps to consider whether now is the right time to take price increase. There obviously are other circumstances related to pricing associated with supply disruption, availability, new product launches. I mean there is all kinds of things that probably play into the calculus here and I would say – I think the political discussions really, clearly and the media discussion probably has some impact to speculate on how much it would be difficult.
John Hammergren: I believe the performance of branded pharmaceutical companies is probably easier to forecast give that it has been less volatile in the last decade than perhaps the generic industry we've seen more volatility. And that volatility certainly is partially driven by supply and disruption. So I would say that if you could forecast what supply disruptions might occur in the future then you might have the ability to at least have some inclinations to what happens with branded price or generic price inflation. I'm really reluctant to speculate on how things may play out. We clearly have given you guidance for the rest of this fiscal year on that dimension of inflation both branded and generic. And we've given you our thoughts relative to fiscal '17 our guidance on those two dimensions. And I think that we stand by our current speculation on that, but it's just that - those views are amongst other views we have to take every year and what might happen throughout the year and we just want to be transparent with you about what we're thinking so. I think that's probably the most I can say about it.
John Hammergren: I understand that we don't have any additional questions in the queue. I know we hit a lot of these subjects in early January and I appreciate all of the attention that you've paid to these matters and others and for your time on the call today. As we entered the final few months of our fiscal year and I look to the future, I'm excited about the opportunities I see for us to continue our lead from an innovation perspective and how we can help our customers meet the many challenges they may face. The fundamental strength of McKesson has long been our ability to constantly adapt and grow during times of change and by staying focused on our customers and through to our core values. I'll now hand the call over to Erin for a review of upcoming events for the financial community.
James Beer: So there is really no change in what we said to you on January 11. Things are coming through as we had sort of expected.
James Beer: And Robert, I think it's probably fair to say that looking at our SG&A without all of the acquisition noise that comes in and goes out and certainly currency fluctuation are really – if you look at our internal numbers in our calculations, our SG&A is normally growing in the low single digit kind of range. So we typically don't average at 10% increase in SG&A that would be way outside the boundaries if you look on base core expense kind of trajectory it's nowhere near that. So I think you might see some abnormalities occasionally because of M&A and how that flows through, as well as some of those currency stuff that I think overtime you should expect our SG&A to grow more that single digit rates, once we get passed at some of this work we're doing today on administrative costs.
James Beer: With medical surgical revenues, we updated our guide quarter or so ago to be low to mid single digit revenue growth and that was driven by our sale of ZEE Medical. So we talked also about the strength of the primarily care business within medical surgical. And there were some challenges on the extended care side, but overall we're very pleased with the continued development of the business.
James Beer: No, not really. And we've seen a little bit of weakness in flu, but that's not going to be something you're going to see dampen our overall revenue to significant extent. It really is the sale of ZEE.
James Beer: Yes. And the case is quite far along, which is why we felt it was sensible to make an assumption that we would enjoy that $140 million benefit in fiscal '17.
James Beer: I will say the opportunities not in significant and many of you have talked to us about specific customers that you know are continuing to procure a large majority of their generics on their own. And so I think it's not an material impact in front of us if we’re able to persuade these customers with the data that we have that our procurement activity would be beneficial to them. I’m hesitant to describe it in innings, including customer count. We’ve got a lot of customers using us today but in customer value based on the size of their generic spend their significant opportunity left for us.
James Beer: Well, first of all, we own around 76% of Celesio and for the other 24 points or so of the ownership, they have a put to us. We do not have a call on those shares outstanding. As to the news these past few days related to suit that Magnetar had brought that we had previously seen dismissed at the local court level if you will, back in December of 2014. That decision was appealed by Magnetar. It did get overturn just a few days ago. We are planning to appeal that decision and I would expect that process to play-out over a year or more. And given the issues specific to this case, I think it is unlikely that McKesson will be required to pay what some have been extrapolating as the substantial liability, the case at hand related quite narrowly to a few shares that had been put to us. And so the court decision related to around €260,000 total. We see an extrapolation from that figure up into the €370 million range. I would not expect given the specifics of the case and the process around German law, that we would be looking at that sort of payment.
James Beer: Well, I have been pleased with the operating margin trends in technology solutions in recent quarters and I think it very much reflects the work that the team there has been doing to reorient our focus to specific businesses around our peer solutions, around our transactional type offerings and also our imaging business, as well as our revenue cycle management businesses. So we've really shifted the focus to those areas where we think we have nice growth opportunities and we have solid margins. And that has flowed through in combination with good cost control to allow us to record much stronger margins with the comment that we think for the full year will be in the low 20s. About one point of that margin benefit of course, remember comes from the sale of our care management business a couple of quarters or so ago. So that's really the story on the technology margins. Overall, in constant currency the margin number itself is 20.5%.
James Beer: I don't think we will be interested in buying the stores. To the extent stores are divested and we would not be interested in buying them. That's not the business we're in in the U.S.
