Britt Vitalone: Mike, thanks for that question. I'll start and let Brian add on to that. We're very pleased with our performance in our U.S. Pharma and Specialty Solutions segment in fiscal 2020. We finished the year with full year adjusted operating profit of 6%. We had strong revenue growth throughout the year. And as we talked about, we expect that the first half of the year, we're going to have some more sharp impacts on our Specialty Solutions businesses, which will impact obviously the full year operating profit. As we talked about, we expect that to continue to improve throughout the year. And as we get to the back half of the year, that gradual improvement throughout each quarter will lead us to get back to growth for the second half of the year. And so I think that as you think about this, there's going to be gradual improvement across each quarter. As we get to the end of the year, we're going to be exiting on a growth basis again, and feel good about the prospects from that point forward.
Britt Vitalone: Yeah. Thanks for the question. Let me just step back to your first question. Again, as we talked about, in our U.S. Pharma and Specialty Solutions business, it's a broad business, U.S. Pharma distribution, but also a broad-based specialty set of businesses, which includes our multi-specialty provider businesses, which as we talked about have been more severely impacted in April and early May, and we expect to have a greater impact through the first quarter with just gradual improvement throughout the balance of the year. So as we think about that second half of the year, it's really going to be that continued improvement of not only volumes, but profitability across both of those businesses. And we feel comfortable that getting to a 0% to 3% growth in the balance of the second half, again, with that gradual improvement sets us up well to returning to that 3% to 5% as we go forward. We won't recover all of the volumes this year. We'll recover it gradually throughout the year. But again, I just would point out that our broad-based specialty business, which includes our provider business and our practice management business are more impacted and are going to gradually improve over the balance of the year. The $45 million that I referenced earlier on that was across all of our businesses. It was, as Brian mentioned, to pay bonuses to frontline workers in each of our businesses as well as donations that we made across communities as well as cost to set up remote work environments, again, in our corporate environment, but also in our businesses. That's obviously part of the year-over-year comparison that is included in our FY 2020 Q4 results, and that will be included in for comparison purposes in FY 2021.
Britt Vitalone: Thanks, Eric. Let me start and take the first one off the table and then turn it over to Brian. As I mentioned, in the fourth quarter through the exit of Change Healthcare, we retired 15.4 million shares. And we've given you a guide of 161 million to 163 million. Our capital deployment program will include broad-based, balanced approaches we always have, and that will include M&A as it presents itself on strategy and with good returns, but it will also include continued to return capital to our shareholders which could include share repurchases, and we do have $1.5 billion remaining on the authorization, and we'll continue to use that to return capital as it's appropriate.
Britt Vitalone: Yes. I might just add that our guidance really assumes that health care demand will return. We've seen that in prior recessions like this. And our guidance really assumes that it's a gradual build over the course of the year. We're already seeing some -- as I mentioned, we're seeing some evidence of modest increases in May that's early obviously, but we do expect that health care demand will return, and we do expect that we'll be well positioned for that and really in all the different settings that we participate in.
Britt Vitalone: Yes. And based on the way we've described our expectation for volume to come back gradually over the course of the year and based on what we see now, you did call out that we built into our assumptions is that there is no major insolvency event now our assumptions play out correctly based on our conversations and what we are seeing, that will continue to be true. So risk, we'll monitor very closely over the course of the year.
Britt Vitalone: Maybe if I would just add on. Our German business, as we talked about previously, is relatively immaterial to the overall European results. It is included – we did include Germany in our FY 2021 plan. But again, it's relatively immaterial. I would just point to the fact that our second half European results in FY 2020 were quite good and we exited the year with pretty strong performance. And as we think about FY 2021, really gets back to what we've talked about with many of our other businesses, that there is a temporary shock that is more severe in the first half of the year. And as Brian mentioned, mix matters a lot. How do countries open, one by one, they'll open at different rates in different times. And that mix is really what you're seeing flow through our business and our 2021 outlook.
Britt Vitalone: Thanks, Ricky, for that question. Let me start with your first question and then let Brian take it from there. From a generic perspective, we continue to have a very strong sourcing organization, which has really benefited us well as we've gone through this period. The relationships that we have with manufacturers, our ability to continue to secure supply in a very stable and consistent manner has played well for us. On the sell side, we continue to see a relatively stable environment. And so there's competition, but pricing has continued to be stable and competitive. And so that's allowed us to continue to earn a spread on our generic products. And I think it really – it starts with our ability to secure that supply in a consistent manner, and because one been able to do that very well over the last several years, honestly, and we expect that to continue into FY 2021.
Britt Vitalone: Thanks for that question. Again, what I would come back to here is and I've tried to give you a little bit more detail into where we're seeing the impacts on our business. And in particular, if you just talk about our medical business for a moment, that medical business has an adjusted operating profit – rate of over 800 basis points that is one of the most severely impacted of our business. And we try to give you a little bit more detail in the sense that our primary care business, where we have lots of capabilities and services that we provide there, about 60% of that medical business is primary care sites, which have been the most severely impacted. So what I would say is, it's not necessarily a cost issue. And we have additional cost for protecting our employees, and sanitation and cleaning in our distribution facilities. This is more a first half mix issue, particularly in our provider businesses and our medical business which as you know has a higher adjusted operating profit rate.
Britt Vitalone: Yes. Thanks for that question. Again, I would come back to what we're seeing is within our business, our specialty provider businesses are most impacted. So that's certainly having a big impacted in the first half of the year. We've called out very similar types of mid-single-digit branded price increase rates that we’ve seen over the past couple of years, especially not an impact, renewables are not an impact we talked about, we've been able to renew our – three of our largest customers without an impact to our guide. So I'll just get back to -- as you think about where the recovery and the shape of the curve in our business is most severely impacted is our physician sites, our specialty provider sites, those tend to be higher growth and higher-margin businesses for us, and that mix is really what's impacting the business. There's nothing fundamentally or structurally going on within our business. Our business continues to be very, very fundamentally sound. This is a matter of a temporary decline in revenue and really, a mix issue of where that revenue is coming from, but there's nothing fundamentally changing within the business itself.
Brian Tyler: Yes. Those are actions taken really early part of March as we assess the impact this would have on our teams, and frankly anticipated the impact on our communities. And we thought it was just an important part of who we are as a company to take those actions. Obviously, as we look to the year coming ahead, there will be some incremental expense to support social distancing, workplace reengineering, protection of customers, and employees, and will be continued to be committed to make whatever investments we need to, to take care of them.
Brian Tyler: Yes. Let me maybe take up the U.S. oncology question. So we worked very closely with our partners in the practices to respond to this unprecedented time, and it's impacted all care providers. The U.S. oncology patient visits have certainly declined as social distancing guidelines were implemented, and that impact is really varied depending on what kind of oncology, what kind of answer you're experiencing? You see in the very fast-moving aggressive cancers, patient volume has not fallen off so much and some of the solid tumor cancers where progression is slower, people are more hesitant to go in and get testing, get diagnosis, may feel they had some time to delay. So we have seen a bit of visit decline, but the revenue decline has been less than the visit decline, which is encouraging to us. We've also taken actions to implement things like telepresence or virtual consultation services, and we've ramped up that pretty significantly in the last few months. So overall, I think, I'd say, we feel good about our positioning, oncology of all the ologies or specialties has probably been a little more insulated as you think about diseases that's probably not unexpected. But we continue to work closely with our practices to think about all the ways we can help feel make patients feel more comfortable to returning to their care.
Brian Tyler: Great. Thanks, Eric. Appreciate that question. Our medical business does have a significant footprint in primary care, which we include the ambulatory surgery center in there. And within the kinds of practices, and we serve basically all different kinds of practices from general practitioners, OB GYN, even up to special – more specialty-oriented practices with medical products. And so there's been a pretty wide variation in the way specific specialties or focuses of those practice would have responded. And as you're well aware, we have a very broad offering to these practices. It is PP&E, which is tends to be a pretty small, historically, a very small part of these practices. Obviously, in the last months with social distancing and all the changes we've all experience, the PP&E demand is up significantly. But we're also in specialty Rx, Rx, lab, equipment, reagents, I mean, we've very, very broad business. And what I would say to you is that, we see patients volumes decline, and as Britt reviewed the metrics that we've seen there. I mean, really, all of those various elements have been impacted. And as patients begin to return to the practices, we think we'll begin to see those volumes all rebuild over the course of the coming year. It's obviously, from a vaccine perspective, it's a little early. Vaccines are not on market. But I would remind everybody, we have quite an extensive footprint in the distribution of vaccines today. We do distribute vaccines through the medical business to all of our practice areas. We work with CDC and their Vaccine for Children program as a supplier of those vaccines. Many years ago when H1N1 hit us, we worked with public partners to facilitate a program to manage that vaccine. So we're very engaged with all the various agencies that will have interest in this interest in this with our manufacturer partners to make sure we're availing our insights and our knowledge and our capability. And I suspect that as vaccines come to market, acceptance ramps up, we'll have to look at what is the production, how does that production scale up and how fast? but we would expect to be very engaged in those discussions.
Brian Tyler: Sure, Lisa. I'd be happy to. I mean, probably goes without saying that our primary focus the last weeks and months has been on responding to COVID-19, supporting our communities and our customers in that response. And I'm sure the same has been true for a lot of the public officials that have been involved, I guess, on the other side of this opioid issue. I really don't think there's a lot to add to the opioid issue. I really don't think there's a lot to add to the commentary we provided last time in terms of the specifics of the settlement discussions. I mean, we continue to be engaged we continue to be hopeful that a broad resolution can be achieved. We do think that one of the drivers has always been for us, the recognition that people and communities have needs, and it would be great to get the resolution for them and those needs are probably greater now than ever.
Brian Tyler: Great question. We've -- our business has been through many economic cycles over its history. Fortunately, Britt and I have been here for all of them, but we were here for the '08, '09. What I would say in general is, I think our business model is pretty resilient to an economic recession. And I think if you look back over history, you would see that to be the case. I will say this situation is a little bit different, though, because it's an economic recession, but it's really driven by an underlying health pandemic and so in my mind, the way the business will respond is a little bit more about how we respond to the health pandemic than a “Recession”. The faster patients get comfortable being out of their homes, the faster they get comfortable going into health care settings, the faster social policy, testing, tracing, all these things we're talking about in the business and the public community as these comes to place and our confidence resumes, I think that's really what's going to tilt the trajectory. And so for me, it's much more about how healthcare demand comes back than the general economic climate. I mean, there's always puts and takes with are you uninsured with no coverage? Do you go to the Medicaid? But those are -- we tend to be a little insulated from that. So I think it's really all about how quickly confidence comes back in patients consuming health care services.
Brian Tyler: Thanks for that question. And it's a really good question. And we've been working with our customers since the pandemic really started, and particularly those customers who have had to shut their doors on a temporary basis. We did record a small incremental reserve in our medical business in the fourth quarter, and I called that out. It's really more a mechanical adjustment. We've been working very closely to try to understand when they -- when these customers would reopen, what the demand is in each of their businesses. And to this point, our customers have either been able to go out and get loans or access public funds that are available, we work very closely with us, and we've been able to help them and really understand what their situation is. So we've not really seen a degradation in credit quality to this point. We'll continue to work very closely with those relationships. At this point, I think our customers are very resilient as well, and we're very close in working with them to keep them as credit resilient as possible.
Brian Tyler: Generally. So start with the German JV. I don't think this will be material to our fiscal 2020 -- fiscal 2021. It is in competition review right now. We think it's continuing to progress on the timelines we expected to. So not really a lot to add to that. As it relates to the fiscal 2021 impact on Europe, I mean, obviously, we're dealing with 13 countries that are going to have – have had 13 different kind of degrees of challenge and reaction with associated social policy to that challenge. And so, when we look at an aggregate level, it's going to depend a little bit on how these countries open and what their response will be. I will say that in the U.K., our largest country in Europe, I mean, they have been one of the more severely impacted and have had some of the more severe social restrictions implied, and that's what you're seeing really flow through our numbers.
Brian Tyler: Yes. I think from an overall perspective, I mean, it's been pretty good performance industry-wide in terms of supply availability. And obviously, we began monitoring this very closely. I mentioned we set up our critical care task force in really the end – very end of our fiscal 2020 to continue to monitor this, frankly get very detailed updates every week on that. So I think, generally, we still feel okay. I would say we've seen anything, I would describe the material change in pricing or ability to supply and things of that nature. I mean, to your last question about will generic supply come back to the U.S. or will – I think the broader question is, how will diversification and how will the supply community think about being a little bit more buffered for future events that may look like this. And that – those are – it's very early. I think there will be a lot of good questions asked, a lot of good work done. We do think anything done diversifies, availability of supplies creates kind of a insurance mechanism if you will.  We are supportive of that. We also have to recognize their trade-offs in that. I mean there are cost trade-offs and figuring out how that cost gets funded and whether that's working capital or cost of the product. We'll have to navigate ourselves through, but we're involved in many of these conversations, but I'd characterize them all as very early stage right now.
Brian Tyler: Yes. Thanks for that question. Certainly, each of our businesses is a little bit differently positioned in terms of fixed versus variable cost. And I think the challenge that we're having in our first half of the year in particular, is that the revenue declines are quite sharp and so that kind of revenue declines really putting pressure on the overall cost position. I did talk about the fact that we've implemented mitigation plans across all of our businesses and across all of our different cost categories, and this is an extension of what we're already working on with our cost savings program. So we're certainly making great progress on that. We do have some things in our structure that will remain the same year-over-year in our material, like that will the opioid litigation-related costs, which we expect, which we expect to continue to be $150 million. But generally speaking, our variable costs will adjust with the volumes that we're seeing. But because some of our businesses have more significant and severe declines in volumes over the first half of the year, there will be some deleveraging that occurs in our businesses over that period. And as the year goes on, cost savings initiatives that we put in place, not only our cost savings program, but these mitigation activities will generally start to benefit our businesses and lead to that growth that we're seeing over the second half of the year.
Brian Tyler: Great. Well, thank you. Thank you, everybody, for your participation today, for your interest in McKesson and certainly, your great questions. I want to thank Lashana for facilitating this call for us. Obviously, this was a little longer call than we typically have, but we thought it was very appropriate given the environment to try to provide a little more detail insight into what's going what's going on in the business. McKesson has navigated challenges many times before. Our industry and our countries have navigated these kinds of challenges many times before. I think it's fair to say, I know I and we all probably take great inspiration from our frontline health care workers and our essential workers like those in McKesson. I want to thank the 80,000 members of the team McKesson for their dedication and the inspiration they provide me every day. I am confident that, we're well positioned to emerge from this experience as a stronger business and in strong communities. On behalf of our team at McKesson, we wish you and your families good health and wellness. We very much look forward to seeing you soon.
