Britt Vitalone: Yes. Thanks for your question, Lisa. Certainly, we will bear some cost for freight. We've been able to pass that on to this point in time, both our pharmaceutical and our medical business. We are responsible for the freight from our distribution locations to our customers. And to this point, we've been able to manage through that without any material impact.  And our guidance for the rest of the year assumes that that will continue. We did call out the incremental labor impact, the investment that we're making to make sure that we have continuity through the rest of the year. But as it relates to freight, we are responsible from [Indiscernible]. Operator, can you get on with the next question please? Operator, can you go ahead to the next question, please.
Britt Vitalone: Hey, Mike. This is Britt. Thanks for hanging in there. Let me just get back to Lisa's question just to finish that up. We are responsible for the freight from our distribution centers to our customers. To this point this year, we have not had an impact in our financial statements as a result of increased freight and we don't expect any of that in our guidance as well, so just to be clear on that. We did call out for you, investments that we're making in labor in the back half of the year, so that we can ensure the holiday season in the back half of the year for our customers has continuity.  As it relates to your question, Mike, what we've really tried to do here is provide you some clarity on those items that are related to our distribution of COVID vaccines and ancillary kits, as well as the increase that we've seen in COVID test kits which have varied quite a bit from quarter-to-quarter over the last year. We've tried to isolate those for you so that you can have a good view into the operations of our core business. I would remind you that the first quarter this year was lapping a very low quarter from the prior year, which was really the first quarter post the COVID pandemic.  So, the growth that you're seeing this year while strong, includes the first quarter which lapped a very low quarter due to COVID in FY21. We'll provide more detail for you on the core components of each of the segments at our Investor Day. We're very pleased with the performance that we've seen thus far, our core business has performed well. But again, I just would remind you that in addition to that, we did have that low quarter for lap in Q1 of last year.
Britt Vitalone: Thanks for your question, Eric. Maybe I'll start and take the first part of that question and Brian can maybe respond to the policy piece. You're right. We've continued to evolve our business over really the last several years in terms of tying the services that we provide to our customers and for our manufacturers to the pricing and the agreements that we have. And it is less -- the brand inflation is less impactful than it has been in the past. We've talked about that a lot over the last few years. As it relates to really the policy piece, Brian, I'll maybe let you talk about that.
Britt Vitalone: Yes. Thanks for the question, Brian.Yeah, we're just going to guide to date Fiscal 2022. We thought that this was an investment that was important for our frontline associates, for our delivery drivers in others, to get us through 2022 with continuity. We're not guiding anything beyond that. So, I think you'd just take this as an important investment to make sure that our customers have the continued service that they would expect them to constitute a holiday season in the back half of the year.
Britt Vitalone: And I think what you're seeing your by our actions is a focus on return on invested capital, really making sure that the -- where we allocate capital, it finds the highest returns in the Company and our actions thus far that you've heard us talk about the last couple of quarters have been focused on investing and moving capital away from lower returning assets to higher returning assets, and Brian's point are right on strategy.
Britt Vitalone: Yes. I think similar to Medical, we are pleased with the performance of volumes, they are approaching pre-COVID levels in pharmaceutical prescription volumes as we expected. So, I think as we look to the rest of the year, we expect that these prescription volumes will get back to what we guided originally in May, which is in line with those pre-COVID levels.  So, we're continuing to see improved performance and improved volumes across all -- both brands, specialty and as well as generics. We expect that that will continue in the second half year.
Brian Tyler: What Michael was -- just about the vaccine and kitting operation. We continue to run that operation at the direction of the CDC in accordance with the schedules -- the production schedules that they give us. It's obviously been quite dynamic over the past months. We are prepared and we'll continue to run that operation as long as the CDC sees value in it and asks us to do it.
Brian Tyler: Thank you for the question. Look we're -- we continued -- this business is responsive to absolute levels of activity relative to prescription. volumes in the market. We continue to see benefits from the prior investments we've made and these technology services offerings, we do see a good underlying growth across the portfolio.  Clearly, we've benefited from the recovery in COVID-19 related pandemic volumes. And honestly, some of the policy decisions payers would have made around the way they manage prior authorization, we're really seeing that market return to pre - COVID level conditions and requirements coming out of the payers.  So, we believe as patients continue to start new prescriptions, this business is well-positioned to support -- and support the access and adherence to those medications. and we will continue to invest from that. We are seeing returns on some of the investments we highlighted for you in previous calls and things like AMP. And then we are components of this business that we haven't talked much about, like 3PL and we saw strong 3PL growth in the quarter.
Brian Tyler: Yes, thanks for that question Kevin. Let me just maybe point out a couple of things. First of all, we're pleased with the continued performance of our U.S. Pharmaceutical segment, the momentum there is really good. There’re a couple things that we called out for you or I called out for you in my opening comments.  First of all, the investments that we're continuing to make in our oncology business and Ontada, called that out as a $0.20 headwind year-over-year. And then, as I also talked about and you referenced, the labor investments that we're -- that we made into our business, our U.S. distribution businesses, those two things really had an impact on the growth of U.S. Pharma.  And in our Medical business, we're really pleased with not only the performance against the U.S. government program, and the increase in COVID test kitting, which is really reflective of the strength of our Lab Solutions business. But we're pleased with the performance of our Primary Care business and the core business underneath our Medical business, in addition to labor investment that I called out.  So, both businesses continue to have good momentum. In the case of our U.S. Pharmaceutical business, continuing to invest in oncology, as well as the labor investment in our medical business. And really continuing to leverage the strength of the Lab business, and the investments we made there. And we're seeing good performance in our Primary Care business.
Brian Tyler: Yeah. Just to build on that comment before we move on, I think 1 of the tenants we've always held through multiple changes in dynamics in the industry over my career here is our services provide real value. And regardless of how, what sorts of mechanisms get changed in the marketplace, we will continue to be paid fair market value for those services.  As it relates to the public policy debate and it's as dynamic now as ever, I suppose, I think the main issues that we're discussing are issues that frankly have been long discussed. We are active at the Company with elected officials on both sides of the aisle on key policy priorities.  We track these discussions very carefully. We're always advocating for the role of care being provided in the community. We obviously have very strong presence in the community channels, but we believe that fundamentally that's where you get the best access, the best care, and equally good quality. We have been at the forefront in many of the experiments, I suppose you could call them.  Think about USAN and our value-based care. We've had robust participation in the oncology care models that's delivered substantial benefit to CMS. So, I think the mix is -- it's really -- it's not exactly clear where this will go. I think we have a lot of assets. We're engaged in the discussion. We'll find a way to navigate through them as they unfold. I mean right now, I think these are issues have been long discussed and well-discussed.
Brian Tyler: Well, I would start by saying that I don't think our overall capital deployment strategy has changed. We take a balanced approach to capital deployment. We want to prioritize strategic growth. We think we've got a really clearly defined strategy. We've laid out what we consider our strategic growth areas. And assuming the alignment to those strategies and assuming they meet our disciplined financial review process and are -- create value for our shareholders, we would love to be deploying capital against those strategies.  We obviously always balance that against returning capital to shareholders through stock buybacks and our modestly growing dividend. But we think we've really identified -- we had a set of differentiated assets in good markets focused in North America that when we execute against, we'll deliver as the long-term growth that we're looking for. So, it's strategic alignment, financial discipline. That's really what drives capital deployment.
Brian Tyler: Yeah. I mean, I will start and Britt can add some comments if he'd like. Obviously, we think about patient visits, we think about elective procedures, you think about Primary Care versus specialty. I would say generally we have been pleased with the market recovery. It's recovering in line with how we expected it to at the outset of the year.  It is -- we think it's continuing to strengthen, but is -- we'll reach in the second half of our year what we call -- I guess people call pre - COVID levels. So, we think we're more or less right in line with our expectations, and we're really pleased with the performance of the Medical-Surgical business.
Brian Tyler: Britt, as it relates to Investor Day, we are really excited to be able to have an Investor Day. We're going to host it December 8th in New York City. Probably would've done it sooner, but it's been quite a crazy environment for the last 18 or 20 months. In terms of -- well, what we hope to see is we really want to bring some more members of the management team, the executive team that have been leading the results that we've had a great chance to review with you.  The team that's been responsible for developing these strategies, we want to provide just a little bit more insight and granularity into each of our growth strategy, and some of our core distribution businesses. And we plan to begin to outline our long-term growth prospects. So, we think it's going to be a great day. We hope you can all join us.
Brian Tyler: So, your first part of the question I think answers your question. We are not including -- we have provided guidance based on what the CDC has provided to us. And at this point, that does not include boosters and pediatric vaccines.
Brian Tyler: Okay. Well, thank you, Sarah. And thank you, everyone for the great questions and for joining our call. I want to conclude my remarks today by just underscoring that we're hosting an and Investor Day on December eighth, and we hope everyone will get a chance to join us and tune in, we're going to have our leadership team there.  The team that's been responsible for building the momentum and the business, and executing the strategies that have been put in place. We will spend some quality time on our oncology and biopharma strategic growth pillars.  I think it's going to be a great day. We're really excited to be with everyone and see you. I also don't want to let this call lapse without thanking the McKesson team for their incredible work and their dedication as we round out the first half of our fiscal year. That's where the real work gets done and I'm so proud of them. So, thanks everyone. I hope you have a great evening.
