Brian Tyler: Yeah. Eric, it's Brian. I'll jump in and then Britt can add any color that he'd like. I mean, first off, just in terms of kind of overall market trends and expectations, I think I'd characterize it as pretty stable. I think that the volume in terms of prescription transactions that we've been seeing is in line with what we expected at the beginning of the year, probably slightly ahead of where we would have been pre-COVID. I mean there are parts of the market that are still recovering, but as a general characterization, I would say it's pretty stable and pretty good growth. As it relates to some of the McKesson-specific assets, we've spent the better part of 15 years building up our differentiated capabilities in community distribution with particular strength in oncology. And I think as we look at the growth of the oncology pipeline, we think that, that continues to be a strength, certainly supports our growth. We have pretty robust value propositions for our community providers and our hospital partners. We think we bring them solutions to help them do their business better. And so I would just say it's probably a combination of all of those things that are supporting our growth. Biosimilars, while still early, has certainly helped support that growth. And we think we're well positioned to continue to benefit as that trend continues to unfold.
Brian Tyler: Yeah. Sure, Michael. I'll take the first part of that question, and then Britt can take the second part. So relative to the hiring, there is a annual component to some of these programs where we have to reverify patients' eligibility and such. And it is, I guess, you could call it seasonal or a spike, if you will. We don't expect it to be temporary. It's recurring every year. Candidly, as we came into this period with the labor market looking like it was looking we were probably aggressive in trying to make sure we could secure those resources ahead of time. And frankly, we didn't treat as much as we'd want. So I think is a good reflection of McKesson as an employer of choice in the marketplace. But those two things pinched us, but we think we'll work through that over the coming quarters.
Brian Tyler: Let me take those in reverse order. So relative to CVS, we're obviously very pleased to extend what's been a long-standing relationship. It's obviously a big relationship. A ton of complexity supporting a customer as sophisticated as CVS. The services that we're providing will largely be unchanged. We're still doing the fulfillment for their mail-order pharmacies for their forward distribution centers for some of their stores. So that's largely unchanged. In terms of the financials associated, we don't comment on the specific customer financials, as you might expect, for lots of reasons. But I will say that we've contemplated the renewal and the guidance that Britt walked you through earlier. And then as it relates to the flu, we are seeing flu season develop. We expect it will probably be more like a pre-COVID flu season than what we've experienced in the last few years. The impact of flu in general, there's various components, three probably. There's the flu vaccines themselves. There's the flu testing and test kits that go around the flu. And then there's any incremental office visits or front-of-store sales associated with cough and cold kinds of medicines. So we're well positioned against each of those. The vaccine component is probably not as important as the flu testing, to be quite candid. But as you know, we are very capable and scaled distributor of flu vaccines, and frankly, all vaccines. And materialize, we think we'll be well positioned to capture that.
Brian Tyler: Hi, Steve, this is Britt. Thanks for the question. You are correct. We did talk about first quarter prescription volumes on average about 7% year-over-year. When we talked about prescription trends at Morgan Stanley, we were really giving a flash view, and that flash view was predominantly our view on July, which did end up being pretty much an anomaly. It was the lowest point that we've seen for prescription volume transactions in the first six months of the year. On average, in the second quarter, year-over-year, total prescription volumes increased about 4.5%. That's well within the range that we had in our guidance at the beginning of the year. As I mentioned at the conference, we were still seeing transactions in -- within our guidance. So it still remains within our guidance.  And as I talked about, the first quarter was just slightly stronger. We were seeing an illness season extend into that first quarter. So 7% on average year-over-year in the first quarter and the second quarter on average, about 4% to 5%. And July ended up being really the low point that we called out at the conference.
Brian Tyler: Well, I think it's probably the confluence of all of those things. We talked earlier about the presence of flu in the marketplace for the first time in a while. That certainly helped support the growth there. There's -- the last several years have been quite dynamic, obviously, in terms of missed procedures, electric -- elective procedures, things of that nature. What I would point you to is that the medical business is a very broad business. We have reached into all the alternate-site markets. So it's not just physician office narrowly defined. It's urgent care clinics, it's retail pharmacy-based clinics, it's ambulatory surgery centers. Really anywhere a patient might present in the community to consume medical care, we have reach and support into that customer base. So it's kind of a follow-the-patient kind of strategy. And obviously, as illnesses circulate in the community, that tends to support that business segment.
Brian Tyler: I mean, generally, I would say -- you asked about PPE. I would say, generally, we think that's been pretty stable. Britt, correct me if I'm wrong, I think we're well into the kind of the massive spikes in the presence of COVID. And so I think that that's been relatively stable. I think it's definitely a portfolio of products. I mean we're supporting pharmaceuticals, we're supporting lab, we're supporting commodity, medical supplies. We obviously have a large mature private brand program, which helps underpin and support our growth as we continue to grow and penetrate that. So I think it's probably all of those factors, no single factor.
Brian Tyler: So I'll start with kind of the business model. I mean in our portfolio today, we have a mix of really transaction-based -- think of it as a click every time a transaction goes through. We have more programmatic models, where you pay for a service over a period of time. And then the Rx Savings Solutions model specifically is more of a subscription-type model. So we really got a nice mix across the segment, and we're quite pleased with that mix. We're really excited about adding the Rx Savings Solutions to our portfolio. They serve about 17 million patients. It's really on point for access and affordability for patients. And we think there's a high complementarity between some of the programs and services that we offer in the legacy business that we can use to augment the value proposition Rx Savings solutions has and use their technology and AI and their really analytics to help support some of the legacy McKesson programs as well. So we're super excited about that, of bringing these assets together.
Brian Tyler: So I'd say that Britt talked about the mix with 3PL, and I think he rightly characterized that as there's some -- I don't know the word he used, wasn't volatility, but there is some 
Brian Tyler: Lumpiness, yeah, that's the right way to describe it. There is some lumpiness in that business. When we look at that business, it's really driven in large part by underlying script demand. We're happy to see growth come back there. It's driven by, in some cases, brand launches and our ability to convince brands that the value propositions we have to help them find patients break down the barriers to get those patients started on therapy and then to keep those patients on therapy, we think has a really great ROI.  So historically, we've been able to grow our portfolio of brands and relationships and it's multiple, multiple hundreds now. So that's an important component of that business to keep that growing. And now with RX Savings Solutions, we think we've got a chance to continue to grow the population or the number of people accessing that platform through expanding relationships with payers and expanding relationships with manufacturers to run more sponsored programs.
Brian Tyler: Thank you for the question. We're really encouraged by the great feedback we've got from the oncology community broadly, including the biopharma manufacturers who are deep in oncology. We think through the combination of these two clinical research networks and really their underlying data and analytic capabilities that this is going to enable us to bring greater efficiency to the drug development process. And we also think, importantly, it's going to help more cancer patients access newer life-saving medications. And oftentimes, in absence of a JV like this in the community setting, it's hard for people to find out they're eligible for a clinical trial and they might be able to benefit from a trial that's going on. We know the uptake in the community setting is much lower. And so we're really excited when we think about the impact this can have on people's lives and helping get communities that are often underserved communities and get those patients enrolled in these programs. So we think this is about enhancing the quality of care by increasing access to novel treatment options. We think it's about helping accelerate the commercial or getting these on new exciting oncolytics to market. And we're excited to have a JV and a relationship with HCA around this. I think one of the things that we would signal to everybody is we've got a very clear strategy. There will be times where we're going to invest organically to activate that strategy. There will be times where we'll do acquisition to activate that strategy, and there are times where combinations like this become, we think, the most effective way to get at activating our strategy. And so we'll have flexibility. We look at every deal on its own and its own merits in terms of its alignment to our strategy and our financial expectations before we decide to move forward with something. In this case, we feel really excited about the partnership with Sarah Cannon and U.S. Oncology Research Network.
Brian Tyler: Thank you, Britt, and thanks, everyone, for joining our call today. Appreciate the thoughtful questions and your support of McKesson. And thanks to Jenny, our operator, for facilitating the call. McKesson delivered a solid second quarter, really driven by continued momentum in our underlying businesses. I remain confident in our ability to consistently execute on company priorities and to drive sustainable long-term growth. I want to conclude today's call by once again just acknowledging all the great work of Team McKesson. I want to thank each of you for your dedication and what you do every day to help our customers, partners and patients. I'm really proud to be a member and the leader of Team McKesson. Thanks again for joining our call. I hope you all have a terrific evening.
Britt Vitalone: Eric, this is Britt. Maybe I'll just make a comment on the investments. We have been investing in this space, and we talked about investments that we were making specifically in Ontada, which has become a really important part of really the breadth of assets and capabilities we have in oncology. And Brian referenced today a strategic alliance that we're forming within Ontada with BeiGene, which is a good example of making investments for future growth.  And we're just going to continue to do that and lean into oncology. We think that we have differentiated assets and really the breadth of services and capabilities we have from distribution, data and analytics, our Ontada business and now with the Sarah Cannon Research joint venture, we feel well positioned to continue to lean in and make investments there.
Britt Vitalone: As it relates to the question on revenue, as we've talked about previously, a large component of the revenue, at least within this segment, is related to third-party logistics services. And that business can often be lumpy quarter-to-quarter. And so as we think about the third-party logistics business for the full year, that is really a key driver to the reduction in our revenue. That is lower-margin business, and we've talked about that mix impact in the past. And so as we think about the underlying technology services and programs that we run, the revenue there is still strong and the margins remain quite solid.
Britt Vitalone: So let me just see if I can translate this a little bit. The decline is in our AOP. It's a very modest decline from the previous guidance. We're still showing 11% to 15% growth excluding COVID-related items. So that's well above the long-term guidance range that we gave at our Investor Day. So we feel very comfortable with that. There is no FX that runs through the medical segment. So our guidance still remains very solid. Our AOP guidance, excluding COVID-related programs, 11% to 15% is still above our long-term targets that we provided you.
Britt Vitalone: Yeah. Thanks for the question. As we've talked about from the beginning, we take our guidance really from the government, and we factor that in both from a vaccine perspective and as how we support the building of ancillary supply kits. And so as we've talked about at the beginning of the year, we anticipated that the volumes for the program would continue to decline versus the prior year. That is, in fact, the case. They haven't declined as fast as we had anticipated, but they are down year-over-year. They are continuing to come down from prior -- from the fourth quarter. And in our guidance for the rest of the year, we anticipate that the second half will actually be lower than the first half. So we are seeing that the centralized program is beginning to slow down. And we would expect that as our contracts expire, our medical contract expires in January and the vaccine distribution expires in June, that, that will return at that point to the -- not from a centralized program back into a distributor model.
Britt Vitalone: The one other thing maybe that I would add, just as a reminder for this JV, we will have 51% of the earnings of the JV. And so we'll be recording that. The $0.10 to $0.20 accretion that I referenced is related to that 51% ownership that we have, and it's specific to the combination of this JV and the JV's activities. There are probably a number of synergies that are unrelated to this. There's a flywheel effect of having it and combining it as part of the overall oncology ecosystem that we're not including at this time. So we'll continue to watch this over time as the JV comes together and forms and some of these synergies really come into play, but we're excited about what it's going to bring to the overall oncology business at McKesson.
