James A. Beer: Well, in terms of the three headwinds UK, EIS, and Rite Aid, so in the UK, I would say the figure is higher than what you were mentioning there. So, we'll update you as time goes by. With EIS, as I mentioned, feel as though the EPS impact in FY 2018 of the buyback roughly offsets what we would have benefited from EIS in our back half of the year. And for Rite Aid, you can think about the original guide that we put out of $0.20 to $0.40, effectively, we're going to have about a 10% effect of that in the balance of the fiscal year. So, hopefully that helps give you a little bit of direction around that.
James A. Beer: That's right, because, again, the three items, the UK, the EIS, and Rite Aid, obviously, two of those are embedded within the Distribution Solutions business. Those are, in essence, being offset by share count, tax rate, and FX assumptions.
James A. Beer: Well, I would say, as you think about the progression of Q3 and Q4 and the relative contribution of those quarter to the full year, I would see Q4 generating a number of percentage points more than Q3 will. And, indeed, I commented on that, that trend pull forward into Q2 from Q3. So, I think that, hopefully, helps a little bit on the sequencing of the quarter.
James A. Beer: Yeah in terms of the branded compensation, as I mentioned, where – we do have these timing elements from Q1 to Q2, Q3 into Q2, but for the overall year, we're not expecting a change in the branded comp that we would receive. In terms of ClarusONE and their work around the generics, we've been very pleased with how that has proceeded. I mentioned in my remarks that the NCI line reflects the progress that ClarusONE has been making at sourcing pharmaceutical at lower prices than we had expected at the outset of the year. So, our COGS are benefiting, our Walmart's colleagues COGS are benefiting from the progress that ClarusONE is making.
James A. Beer: Yeah, that's certainly one driver of it. Obviously, tax rates has come down as well. We've updated our full year guide in that regard. And I did note that Q2's results were slightly ahead of where we had planned to be originally at the start of the year.
James A. Beer: Well, in terms of generic deflation, as we've discussed before, ClarusONE is doing an excellent job. We're purchasing pharmaceuticals at lower prices than we'd expected when we first put the plan together. Now, again, as we've discussed, that equation of optimizing our cost of goods sold is quite separate to the economic equation on the sell side, where I mentioned in my prepared remarks that, suddenly, the environment is still competitive, but with less pricing volatility than we would have been looking at this time last year. In terms of our Distribution Solutions operating margin guide, I felt appropriate to really direct you to the lower half of that original guided range, based on the UK situation that we've been discussing at some length. And then, of course, there'll be some effect on the P&L that will impact the Distribution Solutions operating margin from Rite Aid as well as those stores transition at a yet-to-be-determined rate.
James A. Beer: Well, I think when we talk about ClarusONE, it's important to think about the two places on our P&L where it drives the benefit. So, the first place is the cost of goods sold.
James A. Beer: So, think of the cost of goods sold line as the line that receives the primary benefit from the work of ClarusONE, then the NCI line is – as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, it's fee income. So, think of that as the fees earned by ClarusONE, which is a contracting entity, in many ways. And so again, in the text, I mentioned that the future guide for the NCI line is really underpinned by the fact that, as ClarusONE continues to have more success than we originally planned for in its sourcing capabilities, then there'd be a lesser level of fee income enjoyed by ClarusONE. So, I think that's an important distinction to make between COGS and the NCI line, and then focusing on the NCI line as fee income from a contracting outfit.
James A. Beer: Yeah, yeah. There are multiple other drivers in the NCI line. So, those can drive volatility in any one particular quarter.
James A. Beer: Yeah. I'd say that our approach to the integrations of those various transactions that you note are going along nicely. We're hitting our synergy cases and so forth. So no, we're pleased. We feel as though those acquisitions fit very nicely with the strategies that we're pursuing across our organization. So, in terms of...
James A. Beer: Yeah. And one further thing that I would note, going back to how we were talking about operating expenditure for the full year, multiple of those transactions, those acquisitions fall into either the retail arena or the technology arena. And in those types of businesses, you tend to have more operating expenditures as a percent of revenue than would be the norm for our traditional business.
James A. Beer: Well, perhaps, one thing to note is that as we proceeded to be close to the sale of EIS to Allscripts, that transaction closed on the first day of Q3. But in terms of the way our accounting runs, we put it as held-for-sale in Q2. So, that might be one of the items that you'd want to focus on.
James A. Beer: Well, I wouldn't expect anything material in terms of the rate and pace of change in depreciation. But we can certainly follow up with you...
John H. Hammergren: Sure. As you might expect, the management team and the board have a very rigorous process of, not only talent development and talent review and sort of talent planning, but also a lot of work is done, particularly at the higher levels, in terms of succession planning. So yeah, Paul and I have worked together for an awfully long time, and one of the priorities we've had together for that entire tenure together has been the development of a very strong bench. We announced very quickly a replacement for Mark Walchirk upon his departure, and we're really pleased at, not only the contribution he's made to us over his career, but the fact that he landed in an important job, and it shows that McKesson executives are sought after and that they're well-trained and that they can take on big responsibilities. So, I think that's the good part of that news for him certainly, and we're excited that we are able to replace him, in the new combined responsibility for both our U.S. Pharmaceutical business and our Specialty business, with Nick Loporcaro. You probably met Nick on occasion on our Investor Days. Nick runs our Specialty business now, and will also have the combined responsibility for our U.S. Pharmaceutical business. And frankly, I think Nick is very well-suited for this job. He ran all of our Canadian distribution and operations businesses in Canada. He knows retail pharmacy well. He knows hospital pharmacy. He knows independence and chains. He understands the manufacturing environment. He certainly understands what we think is a significant going-forward opportunity in Specialty. So, we're excited about his leadership and what he can do for us. And as I said, it's not as if Paul was going to be here forever and we've been always thinking about how are we going to make sure that we're well positioned in the event that he decides to pursue retirement. So, I'm excited for Paul, excited for Mark and especially excited for Nick.
John H. Hammergren: Thanks for the question, Charles. We have been in a consistent process with our renewals of our agreements with our customers and I think we've been quite successful. Our customer base understands that the pricing that we used 20 years ago, which were basically a brand and generic and even mostly brand if you go back that far, just doesn't work in today's environment. And having a more specific approach to pricing categories of products that are more similar to one another, we think, is better for us and, frankly, better for them as well. You're not mixing discounts between different types of products and different revenue and margin characteristics, and this provides better clarity for both of us. So, I think we've been almost universally successful in getting this accomplished, and we feel confident we will continue to do so as we finish this contract renewal cycle over the next several years.
John H. Hammergren: Thanks for the question, Ricky. To some extent, we were Amazon before it was cool to be Amazon. Now, if you think about our business model, largely it is an online order relationship. From an order processing perspective, it is very well functioning that has been in place for a long time, next-day delivery and a complete process from a logistics perspective. But it's also supported by field salespeople, return goods management, sometimes private trucking, and certainly things like controlled substance management, billions of dollars of inventory, and very significant back-office operations that reconcile the significant delta in various pricing strategies that are our manufacturer partners, both in medical supplies as well as in pharmaceuticals, rely upon with us in partnership. So, I would say, in some ways, it's very similar to what Amazon would do maybe logistically. But if you actually think about what's behind the scenes in terms of us taking credit risk, in terms of us processing invoices and processing returns, and then processing pricing on a regular basis, it's quite significant and more nuanced, perhaps, than it would appear on the surface. Clearly, we are also heavily focused on trying to make sure that our customers have the right tools and capabilities to help them with all of their – particularly in the independent side with all of their requirements in terms of patient relationships to make it more than just a transaction and make it a healthcare experience supported by a professional pharmacist that really understands the nuances of drug-to-drug interaction, understands what it means to dispense things like opioids and other products, and understands certainly the regulatory framework and the larger clinical issues that may be facing the patients that they're working with everyday. So, the easiest thing to talk about in the world of wholesaling is the logistics function. But I would say that that's probably the simplest part of our business. And clearly, we try to excel in myriad of other areas that we think differentiate us. Having said all of that, we don't take the entry of any competitor lightly and we continue to evolve our strategy so that our value to both the manufacturer and to our customers is unique and superior.
John H. Hammergren: Well, I think the best way to think about it, as James mentioned a moment ago, is really in two distinct buckets. Our ability to manage our costs across the board are an important aspect of what we do, whether it's a cost of our operations and the productivity improvements we get or whether it's a cost of the goods we purchase, driving those costs down to market levels or below should be our priority, and our focus has always been to buy right and to manage right and to be efficient. The second priority is to make sure that our customers are getting the deal that they need to continue to be competitive in the marketplace. And largely, that's determined on what the market price is for products. So, we have a completely separate team that decides what we're going to sell products for from what the team is that does the buying of our activity. And we're focused on making sure that we have the right data on both sides of those operations to assure ourselves of market competitiveness, and that's what we're attempting to do and that's where the margin comes from is our ability to manage those operations with, hopefully, solid execution. So that's the way we think about it. So, the more we overachieve the ClarusONE and the more stable the market can be, then more likely it is for us to get margin expansion over time to grow our business, and that should be our priority for it (50:21) to create value.
John H. Hammergren: Well, in a larger context, not even speaking necessarily about this particular issue, when you're faced with litigation or litigation risk, you usually find opportunities to try to determine whether or not there's any real risk there or any data that would support the alleged activity or risk that you may be facing. And you trade that off against what would it cost for us to not – to eliminate that risk, and the associated potential liability of that (51:37) if you're not successful. So, I think all of those decisions are made on their own and probably in isolation from one another. Are we concerned about opioid and the continued risk and things that are going on in the marketplace? Certainly, but we're probably more focused – as I tried to mention in my conversation at the beginning here, we're more focused on solutions that we think can make a difference. Frankly, lawsuits from various parties and settlements don't solve the problem. What solves the problem is thinking in a broader context and putting the solutions in place that can actually prevent this from happening. And when I mentioned physicians at the start of this, it really is related to how they think about the prescriptions they're providing to their patients and the quantities that they're writing in those scripts. Clearly, whether the script is legitimate or not when it shows up at the pharmacy, if we use electronic prescribing, that can make a difference. And third, if we have information about the patient real-time in the workflow at the pharmacy when they're doing the rest of their adjudication of the claim if they understood that the patient recently had four other scripts filled in the last two weeks from five different pharmacies across state lines, it might give them a little bit of a pause before they yet fill one more script. And that's certainly a portion of the problem and we think those solutions can be easily implemented. We think the technologies are available today and it will make a material impact, certainly on that source of the opioid diversion epidemic challenge. There's a whole other source. If you watch the news today, they talk about coming over borders. They talk about it being imported from other countries, and online ordering of these kinds of drugs that are packaged in different types of packaging to avoid detection. There's all kinds of sources of these products. And clearly, at the very start of this whole thing is, how do we help prevent people from becoming addicted to these drugs to begin with. So, it is a much larger problem. We're trying to focus on solutions. And some people ask me if this is going to be a tobacco overhang, and I don't think that's what we're going to face as an industry. Clearly, we have a role to play, but we don't see the patient. We don't prescribe the drugs. We don't dispense the drugs. We don't have all the data on the care, and I don't know how we can be responsible, solely, for this challenge.
John H. Hammergren: And maybe I can jump in there, because the NCI is really not an indication of ClarusONE's opportunity and its growth. It is an accounting-related matter that James will address here in just a moment. But we see a great opportunity with ClarusONE, frankly. Today, it's focused primarily on generics. And as James mentioned, we actually overachieved our objectives, in terms of the results of our sourcing activity, and it's being reflected in our cost of goods. And obviously, we're pleased with that. But beyond just generics, and beyond just generics in the U.S., we think ClarusONE can grow. Walmart is very satisfied with what we've done thus far, and our ability to expand into other product categories and other geographies in partnership with Walmart, we think, will be continued opportunities for us to grow the ClarusONE relationship and thus, the impact on ClarusONE's cost of goods into our businesses and other categories. And that may or may not affect the NCI line. The NCI is really an artifact of the current construct of the generic relationships we have and the JV partnership that we have. And it's an output, basically, from that relationship, as opposed to something else will be put into this category, OTCs or something else, may not have an NCI component to them.
John H. Hammergren: Well, I think it's most likely going to fall into FY 2019. We contemplated the closure of some of these acquisitions as we provided the original guidance, and we knew that certain of these transactions were going to close. But I don't think they'll have any material impact on our FY 2018 guidance. And whatever impact we do anticipate is embedded in our reaffirmation of that guidance today.
John H. Hammergren: As I say, that was going to follow more aligned with the kind of businesses that they are. So, the distribution-related businesses will have more of a distribution margin and the technology businesses, like CoverMyMeds, will have a margin rate that's much higher and much similar to the rest.
John H. Hammergren: It's probably difficult to speculate on what the annual deal spent would be. I think what's best for us to sort of reaffirm here is that we do prefer M&A. But as you know, we do this in a portfolio way. We're not afraid to do share repurchases. We talked about our share repurchases in the quarter and we clearly talked about our dividend again in this press release and we talked about M&A. The critical thing, from my perspective, is that the M&A has to make financial sense. And we focus on our long-term cost of capital and making sure that these acquisitions come in well above our cost of capital and that we get the kind of returns that are appropriate on these investments. And the answer to the other part of your question, we do have a pipeline of acquisitions that we actively work almost seemingly all the time. And sometimes, they come to be and sometimes they don't, for various reasons, but I think we're pleased there are still opportunities for us in various markets. I think we have time for one more question, Jessica.
