Britt Vitalone: Yes, sure. Thanks for that question. Yes, we did note here that we're going to be at the low end or slightly below the range. And I would attribute the to mix. As we talked about from quarter-to-quarter, we have a variety of mix between both products and customers, and I think that's really driving that comment. As we noted, it was an in-line quarter, but I would just point out to the mix of both product and customers.
Britt Vitalone: I'd say that we've had a pretty strong flu season, I would say, as part of the product mix that I've talked about, along with specialty products. So that would be a part of the range that we provided you.
Britt Vitalone: Sure, John. We're very pleased with the progress that we've made at Clarus, and we're very pleased that our partner, Walmart, and our customers are benefiting from that. And we have quite a bit of opportunity as we go forward, whether that be geographic opportunities outside of the U.S. or as we look at other product opportunities. And certainly, we have those discussions with our partners all the time. So we believe that we've really got a great foundation in place. We've been able to partner with a number of manufacturers and really develop a beachhead around generics in the U.S., and we think we have tremendous foundation to take that further, whether that be, again, additional geographies or additional product categories. So we are quite excited about the potential that we have there, and we'll continue to explore that over the coming quarters.
Britt Vitalone: Yeah, I would say there is no change to our expectations on cash flow at this time. It's, as I mentioned in my remarks, it's – where the end of the quarter finishes in terms of the day also has a big impact, and it's not unusual to see us have a strong fourth quarter for cash flow, and so for that – those reasons, I would say that we're not changing our expectations on generating free cash flow for fiscal 2018.
John Hammergren: Well thanks for the question Glen. Clearly, we've talked about the importance of our work in this area. And I think our customers clearly understand that the mix changes going on in our industry is more and more as these specialty products are coming to the marketplace. And so I think in the short term, it has little impact on us or our customers, but as we reposition in advance of what we see is a cycle of a lot of specialty product, into the marketplace, we think these adjustments are appropriate for us. And frankly provide better line of sight to our customers related to all these products flow through the supply chain. So we're making good progress, and we would expect to be complete with this, as you noted, these final contracts renew in the last section of this work.
John Hammergren: Well, I think you can break the drug pricing discussion into probably three large categories. Clearly, we continue to believe generic pricing and the related deflation we've experienced recently in that marketplace makes a generic product price very competitive. And certainly, as a percent of the total spend in health care, the price for these kinds of drugs or the treatment cost for patients continues to drop. And we think that, that phenomenon some of the pressure off the drug spend debate in this country and clearly, providing people with continued drug benefits also helps diffuse this. And for many folks that are on these drugs, the cost is somewhat immaterial to them on an annual basis. On the branded drugs, you've seen a significant drop in inflation, if you think about the trend in that indicator over the last several years. And likewise, we think that the level of brand inflation that we have now is acceptable and defendable by these companies as they continue to use the remaining product they have under patent to fund their increased R&D work. And the last category I'd point out is – are some of these new specialty drugs. And clearly, these drugs can be expensive, but, once again, when pressed, I think there's easy arguments to be made for how the use of these drugs and an analysis would show a decrease in the cost of health care for the patients that are on these treatments. And so in a value-based way, if people are thinking about health care spend and how to control it, I still think the use pharmaceuticals is the first and best place to go and get people on their treatments, get them to stay on them and adhere to the treatment and stay out of the hospitals.
John Hammergren: Well, you obviously have continued to see deflation in the generic side, and like I said, we've seen a significant reduction in the amount inflation on the brand side. And I think the area that continues to get some scrutiny are some of these specialty drugs that have a small population that are very expensive to bring to the marketplace and a more value-oriented request as pharmaceutical companies price these to compare what the other treatment might have cost our society or a payer. And so I think that there will be continued value-based discussions, but, frankly, I think the evidence will show that the spend on pharmaceuticals is an investment that's well made and one that pays a return compared to other alternatives. So I think, obviously, people that are in some of these categories, particularly the specialty categories, as a patient may find the debate interesting. But I think that as it relates to overall drug spend as a value, it continues to be one of the best values in health care today.
John Hammergren: Thanks, Ricky, for the question. As you point out, the Canadian business is significant to McKesson and important and has continued to grow nicely. And in the past, we have been impacted negatively from reimbursement changes that have sort of rolled through various provinces at different periods in time. It's probably early to size the impact of these most recent changes or what work we might be able to do to find reimbursement channels for the services we provide in retail or wholesale from the government or other offsets that we might find in the business as we continue to grow in the wide variety of businesses that we are in, in the Canada market. I would say the difference this time compared to the other types of reimbursement events is that this one is across all provinces, all at the same time, effective April 1, and not insignificant in its impact on that portion of our business, the generic business. So I think it's important for us to point it out. We'll talk about it more as we get into our guidance for next year and think about it as we work through the discussions we have with the Canadian government related to what services they want to reimburse us for, et cetera. So I think it's important, but it's something that we are used to, to the extent that we've had to deal with this in the past.
John Hammergren: Well, I think Britt has already outlined sort of his expectations from a tax rate perspective. We, I think, provided a range, and that should be helpful to you. As it relates to the use of the incremental cash produced by this very favorable tax law change, I think our comment was we will continue to follow a portfolio approach, and that's probably the most color I can provide you. You know that we do have a great track record of making intelligent acquisitions and not overpaying for them and doing a great job of integrating the acquisitions. And so that continues to be one of our top priorities, but you also notice that we've done relatively significant share repurchases this year. And we will probably continue to use both of those, along with our dividends, as a strategy to grow. I do think that we are beginning an innovation phase at McKesson that we're excited about, that is more than just the M&A side of things. And so although acquisitions have played a role in the past, I think that we will find a way to provide innovation and opportunity to grow organically inside of McKesson, and that's some of the investment that we plan to make.
John Hammergren: Well, thanks for the question. It's great to have Britt here at the table, given that he was the one that built ClarusONE and got it implemented on time and produced results that were not only at our expectations but perhaps beyond, and it's the same thing for our partners that have benefited. Britt, maybe you can talk a little bit more about the opportunities we see.
John Hammergren: Thanks for the question and thanks for recognizing what we think is really outstanding performance in our Medical-Surgical business. We have built a tremendous asset there that has been entirely focused on growing with our customers as they grow outside of the acute care health care system. And whether it's large health systems that are buying physician practices or whether it's long-term care centers or home care, we think we're extremely well positioned. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are expanding the product portfolio and the value that we deliver to our customers each day. And an example would be bringing lab and diagnostic into the physician office space. The – increasingly, technology is allowing us to do things right then and there in the physician office with the patient. The patient gets immediate results. The physician gets immediate results. Treatment decisions can be made immediately. And all can happen in a way that delivers better value for the patient, better care for the patient and, clearly, improved economics for the physicians. So there are several examples where we've extended our reach into these important markets, which expands our footprint. We've maintained and grown our business even through the acquisitions of doctors in the health systems market because of the value proposition that we deliver and our unique capabilities to service these disparate facilities in a low-cost, high-quality way, and we think the business is going to continue to grow. As mentioned earlier by Lisa, obviously, the flu market has been something that has also benefited us. Albeit not as profitable, it's an important part of the value proposition both in retail as well as in the ambulatory or physician office setting. So we benefited from some tailwinds relative to flu season. But I think our focus on the business and our great people there has also enhanced our performance. Next question please.
John Hammergren: Well, thanks for the question, Ross. You've followed the company for a long time as well as some of your colleagues on this call. And if you watch what we do, it typically is arraying a set of assets in advance of opportunities fully materializing so that we can capitalize on the right strategic positions in advance of growth. We like things that are growing in an accretive way to the base. We like things that are providing margin opportunities that are accretive to our margin, and we like to be positioned in markets where the total available market is significant and where we believe it's going to grow rapidly and where we can win. So whether you think about our movement into the generic marketplace or our movement into alternate-site Medical-Surgical, we try to think about a go-forward where the growth will be. Similarly, you've seen us array a set of assets beginning with OTN against the oncology business years ago, probably over a decade ago, than the acquisition of U.S. Oncology and a string of other things that have positioned us for the specialty market, the most recent being RxCrossroads, as you just mentioned. So I think it is important for us to continue to grow our businesses and the value we can deliver to specialty manufacturers, not just in the supply chain but also in the ability for their product to be launched effectively, to be reimbursed effectively and quickly. And for the patient and the physicians and the pharmacies to be supported as these products are taken up by the patients is an important aspect of what we're trying to do. And clearly, working on the revenue side of specialty pharma provides a lot of incremental value to our manufacturer partners. And so anything we can do to get the script in the appropriate hands of a patient and properly filled and taken and adhered to is delivering tremendous value to the patient to begin with, but also delivering tremendous value to our partners in the supply chain. So we're excited about the value proposition that we're creating.
John Hammergren: Well, I certainly read the announcement with some interest. We've been in the Generic business for a long time, and we've, obviously, built our NorthStar product line and great collaboration with the pharmaceutical manufacturers and delivered significant value back into the marketplace. I think that my interpretation of what's going on there is really related to availability, to a large extent; and to some extent, perhaps pricing. And probably those are two – those two things are tied together to some extent. I'm not sure that another manufacturer will necessarily dramatically improve the availability. If it's a raw material-related issue or just a capacity-related issue. It's difficult to bring capacity on and it's, obviously, difficult to get through all of the regulatory challenges associated with standing up a brand-new company. Having said that, there may be opportunities for these large and important customers, some of which are ours to work in a collaborative way with others in the supply chain to avail themselves of better product availability or supply and certainly to take their buying power and aggregate it in a way that gives them some price leverage in the marketplace. So we look forward to exploring opportunities, as you said, on these limited number of generic products that have been difficult to our customers and for the market and anything we can do to help them. I would say that I'm a little suspect of the ability to ground up a generic manufacturing company that's owned in a collaborative way and to compete with our largest generic manufacturing partners in a material way. I just don't see that as being a simple task.
John Hammergren: Well, as we have said in the past, we go through periods in these markets that sometimes can be a little bit difficult to predict. But as we see it now at least, the markets remain competitive but relatively stable. We've, for a long time, dealt with a deflationary generic market with spots of inflation and the clearly those dynamics seem to have settled into a pattern flat that at least for the last few quarters, have been pretty similar in their compare. And I think the biggest change we see coming in front of us, as I mentioned earlier, is an innovation cycle, particularly in specialty drugs that will be important. And the support of those manufacturers that need to get access to the product and access to the market, I should say and speed to delivery to the patient will be important. And I talked a little bit earlier about things that we try to do to make that simpler. CoverMyMeds will be another great example where we try to reduce the friction associated with getting somebody approved to begin to take one of these drugs in an automated prior authorization format. So that's the longer-term change I continue to see coming, which is a mix change into these more difficult to take – or difficult to pay for, difficult to get access to and difficult disease states that these new drugs are going to be marketed to.
John Hammergren: Well, clearly, there is all kinds of things that the manufacturers either do internally or are already sourcing from partners, and that list of activity is pretty long and significant and probably changing. We do think that the assets that we put together are important. It gives us important scale, it gives as existing customer relationships and it gives us a foundation in services that may not be entirely complete if you think packaging and outsourced manufacturing and some of those kinds of capabilities. But we think that parts of the manufacturer requirement, particularly, as I said, on the revenue and adherence side, are important. And we believe that our focus in that direction has been an appropriate one, and we can benefit our partners as well as ourselves by being world-class in our ability to make that happen. So I think we remain disciplined and vigilant as it relates to opportunities, but I don't think we feel like we are at a disadvantage in terms of what we have today and we will be opportunistic to evaluate other alternatives that may come along.
John Hammergren: Yeah, as I would just point out that it’s – as we talked about, it's about a $0.10 impact. So it's a pretty modest impact on our operations at this point.
John Hammergren: Right, I think that clearly many of the manufacturers that we do business with that would be selling product through our specialty channels or into the physician office or clinic setting are the same manufacturers that are in our full-line wholesale business going to hospitals or retail pharmacy. The service requirement is significantly different, and the structure of our relationships are usually significantly different. So I think that what we'll be able to do here is benefit from the relationships we have on the various sides of our business. Frankly, we'll go to leverage some of the structure we have, whether it's some of the functions that we have in these businesses that have been specifically focused on one business versus the other. And I think that the most important thing for us to do is to continue to think the needs of our customers whether it’s a pharmacy or the physician or the pharmaceutical manufacturer and make sure that we array the set of assets to them in the best possible way and frankly also keep our cost and our overhead down so that we can be quick and efficient. So it's probably a combination of many things. Obviously, underneath Nick are some very talented executives, and their line of sight focus on U.S. Oncology or some of the other ologies and businesses that we're focused on will remain. So I don't see a collapsing, so to speak, of the people that are selling things to hospitals into the same group that's servicing our U.S. Oncology network is an example.
John Hammergren: I’ll let Britt jump in here. Yes I would say, Eric, we have certainly, as John mentioned, as we think about a ring, our business is under a leader like Nick, as we look across all of our businesses. We've made great progress against our corporate expense in our segment expense initiatives. I think we still have tremendous opportunity, and we always focus on efficiency and looking to take cost opportunities so that we can better service our customers. So I think those are things that we'll always do, and I think we've made great progress in the last 18 months, but you should see us continue to focus on as we go forward.
John Hammergren: Why – we don't – I don't – to be frank, I haven't looked at the management incentive plan accruals recently, but I don't think there's a huge delta last year to this year or this year into a fully funded or less than kind of funded basis. So it's not something I think that will be something you have to focus on, Eric, as we think about FY'19, yes.
John Hammergren: Thanks George for the question. Clearly, volume, price and mix are all important elements as we think about our business. And clearly, we're fortunate to be participating in an industry that is continuing to grow, both through innovation but also through demand, and the combination of those factors make us positive about our outlook. We are excited to be in health care and excited about our position in it and our focus on pharmaceuticals we think is an important one. I think that the biggest change that we've talked about today and even Britt was talking about it related to the third quarter is the evolving mix of our business. And these higher-priced, more specialty products that we believe deliver tremendous value and frankly, take cost out of the health care system, do have a negative mix or margin experience on us as we think about our overall P&L. And so what we've been attempting to do and been very successful at it as we find these five categories of pricing is to position our value proposition to the customers in such a way that they're – we're getting properly paid for the service we provide and that our business is evolving. Our business strategy and our business financials are appropriately evolving as our mix evolves. And that's probably the biggest change you'll see this continued mix shift towards specialty products.
John Hammergren: Well, I think that the – you all have access to the data that tells you which molecules are selling with greater volumes, and you also have pricing data not from us, but from an industry perspective, so you can kind of volume weight the mix of the industry and get some kind of overall view of where the dollars are spent. As it relates to the margin effect on the company like McKesson, that's difficult to discuss, given that there – that some of these molecules, even though they might be big and dollars, may have many, many competitors and, therefore, the profit opportunities may be reduced because of the competitive activities associated with those molecules. But I think we continue to see the generic market as attractive to us. Our position is very strong, and we're continuing to grow our portfolio of generics, not just in line with the market, but in some cases, we further penetrate our existing customers by taking on more and more of their generic sourcing and spend requirements. And so when Britt talks about the success of ClarusONE, part of the – of our value is taking our scale into the marketplace with all of our customers and giving them an affordable alternative to buying from some of these telemarketers and others that may have chipped away at our overall share position. And then, obviously, the launch cycle is less favorable today than – in terms of new products than it might have been a year ago. I think we have time for one last question.
John Hammergren: Well, thanks for the question Charles. This is John I’m probably going to help Britt on this one given that he's pretty new to the team's health care activity, and we've just recently put him on the Board to replace James. We've had the imaging business inside McKesson for a long time. It's a great, great business with a very large franchise and a great market position and really a competitive product line. That business now is a, in whole, part of Change Health are and so our visibility to it has been reduced to some extent, given that we don't manage that business directly. It's managed by the Change Healthcare executive team. But I do – obviously, the McKesson people that are there, we talk frequently. And I would say that the biggest thing that we've seen is a change in the purchase cycle of our customers, and we would have expected them to continue to be buying new equipment and up – and refreshing their imaging work, and that usually provides us an opportunity to win the software that goes along with it than what we've seen is that – is significantly flatter market than we would have anticipated in the replacement cycle for some of this equipment, and, therefore, we see a flatness in our revenues in our imaging business. So, I think it's really driven more by market characteristics related to the use of capital by our largest customers and that capital being either not deployed at all or deployed in other areas. Having said that, we believe a lot of this imaging equipment is going to have to be replaced. It's just not contemporary any longer and when that replacement cycle comes back, the Change Healthcare imaging business, we believe, will begin to grow nicely again with its leadership position.
John Hammergren: So, it's time for us to end this call. I want to thank you, Cecilia, for this work as an operator, and I want to thank all of you on the call today. I also want to thank our employees for their dedication to our customers and partners in line with our eyecare value of putting the customers first in all that we do. To underline this point, McKesson is once again ranked number one in our industry by Fortune Magazine in its 2018 World's Most Admired Companies survey. This annual survey measures corporate reputation and performance against several key attributes. While we are honored to be recognized for the second year in a row with this award, I'm deeply humbled by the work of our more than 75,000 employees whose unwavering focus on our customers will ensure our continued success as we move forward. In closing, I'm excited about the opportunities ahead of us. McKesson continues to execute against our fiscal 2018 plan, and we look forward to updating you with our fiscal 2019 outlook when we provide our fourth quarter's earnings results in May. Thank you, and goodbye.
