John H. Hammergren: Well, clearly, I think both companies have a great track record of customers with strong relationships and long-term relationships with our organization. And those relationships are built by a combination of the quality of the people that we use in the field, both the delivery people, the distribution workers that pick the product to make sure the order's delivered on time. And clearly, the sales force that has a relationship. So we're going to be very careful and very thoughtful about any changes we make that might disrupt those customer relationships. And frankly, there's things we can learn from both of our approaches relative to distribution and transportation that we need to take the sort of the best of the best approach in the marketplace. So I think I don't want to get too specific, but I think we believe they're significant value from the combination. And we should make sure that we're very careful about preserving what we're doing. Our synergy number that we provided, we think, is appropriate and will not cause significant disruption that will be noticed by our customers as a result of taking out the cost.
John H. Hammergren: Well, obviously, we have had a long-term industry relationship with PSS World Medical. And as I mentioned on with Steven, I think that our organizations know each other well. We've competed well in the field, and I think that we have had mutual admiration for the cultures built by both companies. And so I think as you would expect, off and on over the years, we probably have had lots of conversations about opportunities. And all I would say is that the door was made available to us when the discussion opened up around their extended care business. And through those discussions, we were able to expand the discussion to talk about the larger transaction. We know these businesses well. We have a strong footprint in the primary care and physician business as well as in extended care. And I think that relationship over decades really in the marketplace has afforded us the opportunity.
John H. Hammergren: Sure, Lisa. Clearly, we have to continue to evolve our model as our customers aggregate together perhaps in larger practices, or as you said, some of them have chosen to sell their practices to hospitals or to IDNs. What's great about McKesson is we have a very, I think, a strong relationship and an understanding for the acute side of the business. As you may recall, we had an acute Med-Surg business at one point, which we sold. But our knowledge of that marketplace, in how hospitals operate and hospital GPOs operate, I think, has benefited us as we've evolved our model to provide service and solutions to customers who either are existing customers who are being acquired and want to remain with McKesson or -- and frankly, new customers that have been acquired by hospitals, where hospitals are struggling with a more unified approach to their supply chain requirements. Clearly, the acute care distributors stand in a position to compete with us for that business, but because they have a position in the hospital space. But we also think there's an opportunity for us to continue to service these customers, and we have had very little customer attrition through an acquisition by a health system or a hospital. And I think the priority for those health systems, frankly, is not the 1% or 2% of the supply chain cost that those physicians may represent of their entire medical-surgical spend, I think they're more focused on the productivity and efficiency and alignment those physicians might have with the enterprise, particularly if they're trying to build a at-risk ACO or PCMH kind of a model. And so I think that to the extent that they can put the logistics and supply chain requirements behind them and not have to disrupt that productivity by making significant changes in distribution, they benefit. So we have successfully navigated with our customers these changes in their ownership models, and I think we're well positioned to handle the scale requirements that are necessary for hospital customers. Having said that, clearly, we have competitors on the acute care side that have an avenue into this marketplace, and we have to be vigilant on our value proposition.
John H. Hammergren: Well, just to answer the question directly, our synergy model is really all cost base, and we believe we have a line of sight to those synergies. It'll take us some time, as Jeff and I have mentioned, this is not an easy process and we want to make sure that we're not disrupting our customer relationships. But we -- to the extent that there's upside in this from a revenue and a value proposition perspective, we'll continue to build that out, and that's not included in the numbers that we provided this morning. As it relates to relationships that PSS World Medical may have with others in the industry, whether they're on a laboratory side, frankly, in terms of their sourcing and their power in that space or whether it's on the technology side, as you noted, there may be opportunities for us to leverage what they're doing through our sales force, and we look forward to that. And if they have relationships with companies that McKesson has been unable to build, we look forward to extending those relationships across our footprint. And at the end, even to the extent that we might have some competition with McKesson's internal capabilities across the footprint, we're not going to -- out of the gate discourage any or dismantle any of the relationships that PSS World Medical has built without careful evaluation. Athenahealth has built a great model, I know the team there. And their model, frankly, is a little different than the model we have in our REMS business. We have a different physician practice target that we're looking at compared to what they're doing, and so I wouldn't jump to any conclusions.
John H. Hammergren: Yes. The transaction is for PSS World Medical, as it stands today. The transaction that had been spoken about by the PSS World Medical management relative to their extended care platform is where we began. But that is no longer going to be sold as a separate asset.
John H. Hammergren: Well, we have a great admiration for the sales force that has been built over time at PSS World Medical. And we believe strongly that sales force is one of the points of significant value in this transaction, as is the Medical-Surgical sales force at McKesson. And so we hope that we will be able to retain all of the sales reps on both sides. Our synergy case has no reduction in sales force modeled into it, and we don't plan to reduce the size of our sales footprint at all. Now we'll have to do some reconciliation in the marketplace relative to territories so that -- we have some overlaps in certain markets and what we're going to do there. But all in all, I would hope that the sales forces in both companies look at this as a significant opportunity because we expand what's in their bag. And the culture and economic models for the reps are very similar, I don't think that there'll be a compensation surprise for the sales force. And as I said, we're focused on retaining them. The other part of that is the service model behind it. The distribution networks and the ability to deliver -- the ability to make sure that the product is available. All of those infrastructure capabilities may change slightly. But our goal is to make sure that we don't disrupt the expectation from a service perspective that our customers have become dependent on. So I think that this should be seen as real positive by the sales forces.
John H. Hammergren: Well, Robert, I had a hunch you might have a view on the Medical-Surgical business given our history together. I don't think that if you actually look inside of our Medical-Surgical business, you'd see very healthy ROIC characteristics. And in particular, that business has gained significant momentum once we sold our acute care business. And so I think that we believe strongly that we can get a good return on the investment in PSS World Medical and that we also can continue to improve not only the ROIC of the acquired asset but the combined assets' ROIC will improve over time. And as you know, when we model acquisitions, we model acquisitions with a long-term view of our cost of capital and a very laser-like focus on our ability to continue to improve ROIC in the company. As it relates to the shares of these businesses, although we will be a very large player in all of our, alternate-site markets, they still are highly fragmented. And I would tell you that it remains extremely competitive in the marketplace. So I think that the combination of the 2 companies clearly is an opportunity for us to create value. But I don't think anybody should assume that this isn't going to remain a competitive industry in both extended care, primary care, home care, all the other alternate-site markets that we compete in.
John H. Hammergren: Well clearly, we would expect capital to be taken out of the business as we rationalize inventory investments and focus on credit and collections, the kinds of things that we do very well. And I'm sure we will be taking investment out. Now having said that, there will probably be some facility and other capital requirements as we go through this. But certainly, the day-to-day working capital should come down in the business.
John H. Hammergren: Sure, Ross. The Paragon transition is a part of our, MPT business, which is a part of MTS. And Paragon is our electronic medical record and health care information systems product lines, both the financial and the clinical, for, primarily, the hospital or IDN marketplace. The transition you're referring to is our work with our customers to migrate them from our Horizon platform for clinicals to the Paragon platform for clinicals because we believe it drives a significant amount of efficiency, and it's a lot less costly to own and to operate. That transition has gone well for us in the marketplace. We have had some customer attrition, primarily driven by customers' requirements that Paragon doesn't currently have. But I think that customers that have transitioned to Paragon have great confidence that we will continue to build out our capability, particularly in the nonhospital part of the applications that need to be built in ambulatory. So I would say that we're on, or ahead, of our business case in that transition across the board. There have been some customer losses in that segment or that product line, but I would tell you that, that attrition is in line with our expectations.
John H. Hammergren: Well, we believe that the physician market is going to remain very robust. And in fact, if you actually think about what's going on in the marketplace, particularly the consolidation of physicians into the acute care setting, it's really an indication of the importance those physician practices, the important role those physician practices play in the total delivery of health care. If you don't have a line of physicians in the care network, you're never going to get at the issue of cost and quality and health care the way that we need to as a nation. And so we believe strongly that the physicians are going to remain in more and more demand. There aren't enough of them to satisfy the patient demands that are out there today. And demographics are only going to increase the import of physicians. I want to be clear in my view on this relative to the -- where physicians might reside, whether they're large physician groups in clinic settings, or they're parts of surgery centers, or they're acquired by hospitals in their -- in the satellite of those hospitals. And we don't believe that our business model is impacted negatively at all. And in fact, if anything, as our customers become more sophisticated, our sophisticated solutions meet their needs. We probably agree with a general view that physician practices that are 1 or 2 folks in a box down the street are probably under some pressure to aggregate either into a health care system or into a practice group of some kind. But we've been growing nicely in those settings. And you've seen these consolidation and physician practices underway perhaps for the last several years, yet you've seen McKesson's ability to grow through that because we'd come at the solution set with a more robust set of tools for our sales forces and our management teams to use to meet the needs of our customers. So these ambulatory customers that are being acquired, I think, will be as, or more, dependent on the services McKesson can provide as compared to the past. And on the Med3000 acquisition, or our REMS business, frankly, most of the physicians in those businesses are physicians that are already practicing in hospitals. They're emergency room doctors, they're anesthesiologists, they're radiology doctors. And so I think that this movement into a more connected health care system from a delivery perspective, and once again, if anything, a positive on what we do there because our customers are aggregating together in larger settings. And the complexity of what they're doing with -- from a billing and payment perspective, is only increasing. So I think that our skill sets fit perfectly with where we think health care is going, and we're excited to bring these assets together.
John H. Hammergren: Yes. When you said immaterial, with -- materiality would certainly start below $1 billion for that increment.
John H. Hammergren: Well, we have -- I think we have a pretty good dial tone on what's going on in health care because of the breadth of our service offering. And as we talked about earlier, with the Med3000 acquisition and our REMS business, where we actually do patient office billing. We have a pretty good insight into the actual frequency of visits and the types of visits that might be going on. I don't think we've seen a significant change in the cadence of health care this year compared to last, and I think that we haven't seen a big change in the last quarter compared to the quarter before that. So I think our businesses actually have been performing quite well, and we have not seen a real step-down now. And clearly, there might be soft spots in certain parts of the market, but overall, we're pleased with our performance and pleased with what we see.
John H. Hammergren: Yes. I think the 8% is reflective of a slightly better-than-market growth, but we still think that markets are growing in the 4% to 6% kind of range. And that we're competing in a way that is allowing us to grow slightly faster. But I think overall, we still feel good about it. The flatness in the revenue and distribution is driven primarily by generics. And so that when you think about the corporation overall and our ability to grow revenue, it has been impacted by generics, which is a positive thing on the gross margin in the operating income line, but is dampening our revenues. So we'll see that dampening continue through the year and then as we start to go into next year, our revenue line should begin to grow again as generics begin to taper off, at least from this year. I want to thank you all for your time and your questions today, I thought they were terrific. I'm certainly pleased with our accomplishments during the first half of the year and excited about the opportunities that lie ahead. I'll now hand the call over to Erin for some discussions about upcoming events.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, from a financial perspective, Tom, in the near-term, both deals have an immaterial impact on the income statement. And from a cash and purchase price perspective, they're small enough. So we won't be breaking out the specific purchase price which just tells you that the cash involved is not material relative to the $2 billion to $2.5 billion of operating cash flow we'll have this year. Certainly, as they close, you'll see in our cash flow statement next quarter our total spending on all the acquisitions that closed in the quarter.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, the key here clearly is the acquisitions are closing late in the year and have no actually material impact on our revenues this year. So our view of the underlying performance of the organic MTS businesses hasn't changed at all.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, they're closing in the third -- late in the second quarter and sometime during the third quarter.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, you are correct. The quarter was strong but it was particularly strong driven by just the timing of there being strong brand price increases, and that just pulls forward in most cases, what you would otherwise have expected to get over the course of the year from our brand manufacturers. The favorable antitrust settlement was a significant item that we certainly didn't expect to happen this early in the year. So those are really the 2 things, combined with the fact that, as you point out, it was really strong oral generics quarter as we all expected that drove the margin rate in the quarter so high. But since the first 2 of them really just have to do with timing, that's why you don't see that much change in our view for the year. And we've ticked up a little bit our expectation of the full year margin expansion in Distribution Solutions. But that's mainly driven by that change in our outlook on warehouse revenues because as our warehouse revenues come down a little bit, that does add a little bit to the margin.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Sure. I think, Ricky, relative to where we started the year, there's probably 4 things that have pulled forward, just from a timing perspective, into the first half of the year versus the second half of the year. So you've got the manufacturer economics driven by the way our agreements work in some of the strong brand price increases that many people have commented on in the marketplace. We did have the favorable antitrust settlement, which was sizable, a $19 million settlement. We have seen the tax discrete items that we anticipated for the year would be much more front end or first half-loaded than we expected. And last, although much smaller, as I also mentioned, we do, just the timing of how we're managing our balance sheet, we expect to do a little bit of debt refinancing in the back half, that's going to tip our interest expense up a little bit. And as I said in my remarks, that's independent of how we ultimately choose to finance the PSS transaction. So those items really are what caused us to feel we are solidly on track with our plan for the year. It has ended up a little bit more front end-loaded than we had expected, but we feel good about our numbers for the full year.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: And John, I might just add 1 financial comment, which is if you combine the $2.1 billion we're spending on PSS and Med3000, you don't get anywhere near a number that would round to $3 billion. So I know we haven't broken out, in fairness, George, the purchase price on Med3000, but I would tell you we wouldn't get anywhere near that range.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, I think, John, I don't probably want to go beyond the comments I made in my script, which is if it were to close March 31, we'd expect the transaction, if you were to assume it was fully debt-financed at 4%, to be $0.15 to $0.25 accretive on an adjusted basis. And our very rough estimate right now in terms of intangible amortization, it'd probably be about $100 million a year. So you could -- the synergies in this case do happen over a more extended period of time than we see in many of these kinds of transactions because as John, I think, has really articulated, there's a lot of good things at both companies that we are going to very thoughtfully think about as we go through how to take the best of both companies and create something of real value for our customers. So the synergies will be relatively modest in year 1 and then grow significantly as the years go by. So I think I'd probably prefer to leave my comments at that, and you can probably take a good cut at the EBITDA based on those.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: I'll tick those off one at a time. On expense, there's really no single driver of the good expense management in Distribution Solutions other than all of our businesses and what is always a competitive environment really, doing a great job of managing across the board. On oxaliplatin, I would say, yes, it relaunched. And yes, that was in our results. It is not particularly material to us. And certainly, the economics around it are nothing like what the industry saw on its previous launch. So it's certainly a nice thing, but it is not -- nothing like last time. On bulk, you are correct that relative to our original expectations, our warehouse revenues were a little softer. There's really a couple of things going on. They vary a lot from quarter-to-quarter because it's driven by the purchasing patterns of a handful, less than a handful really, of big customers. All of those big customers have much broader relationships with us with lots of direct buying as well. So sometimes they choose to buy more direct and less warehouse, and that's actually a good thing for us. But it drops the warehouse revenue line. And then, the third thing going on there is we have seen, on some of the new generic launches, a little bit larger dropoff in our warehouse revenues due to those launches than we had anticipated. So that's not something that has a material impact on the bottom line, but does impact that revenue line.
