Britt Vitalone - McKesson Corp.: Well, Mike, thanks for that question. I think I would reiterate that, again, we have changed our assumption on branded price inflation to the mid-single digits. And I would reiterate my comments, if pricing inflation does go away then we expect that, that range could be $75 million to $90 million. I would also remind you that we have talked about over time, how we've continued to evolve our relationships and our agreements with manufacturers, as well as evolving our relationships and agreements with customers. And we believe that it's important for us to put the economics on each individual product that we service to our customers so that it reflects the services that we provide on those products for manufacturers to our customers. And so we continue to have strong dialogue with both manufacturers and customers. We continue to work with them and partner with them and try to understand the evolving dynamics. And we'll continue to evolve our relationships and our agreements such that we're being paid a fair value for the services that we perform on each of the product categories that we provide to our customers and for our manufacturers.
Britt Vitalone - McKesson Corp.: Eric, thanks for that question. As we laid out, this was in connection with our original Change Healthcare transaction. It was not part of our original guidance. It was a negotiated agreement that happened during the second quarter. So we did not have that visibility as we laid out our original guidance, and it was not included in it.
Britt Vitalone - McKesson Corp.: Yeah, thanks, Eric. I think, as we've called out here, certainly Europe has been a challenge for us. And I think we've laid out for you some of the dynamics that have created that challenge. We did lay out for you in our U.S. Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions segment that, before the year, we did have some customer losses, and those customer losses were anticipated. They were part of our guide. And from a year-over-year basis, they have created a headwind for us. Beyond that, we also laid out for you at the beginning of the year the Canadian reimbursement or Canadian generics price decline. We laid out for you what the gross headwind was there. We've made tremendous progress in mitigating that. And as I laid out, we believe we've mitigated over half of that and should start to see some of the benefits in the second half of the year. But we obviously have felt the impact on that the first half of the year. And then we've continued to make investments in our business, and I talked about some of the planned technology investments that are running through our Corporate segment. We believe that these are going to help us optimize our cost structure and our model going forward. And while there are headwinds this year from a cost perspective, these are the investments that are going to really give us the type of flexibility that we need as we go forward. And then the last thing that I would point out is I gave more description on it certainly this quarter are the costs related to opioids and the opioid-related expenses. And as I pointed out, we have experienced a significant amount of costs in our first half of the year and I also tried to provide you and what our estimate is going to be for the full year on these opioid-related expenses. So I don't know if that's a perfect rank order for you, but I wanted to really summarize for you the headwinds and how we've made progress against some of these headwinds, particularly in Canada.
Britt Vitalone - McKesson Corp.: Sure, and what I would add to that, certainly we're seeing that stabilization in our U.S. Pharma business. We're also seeing really strong growth in our Specialty Solutions business, and John talked about that at the beginning of the call. So that's also embedded in there. In terms of how we think about pricing on the generic side, we've talked about this now for the last couple of quarters. On the sell side, we continue to see a very competitive yet stable environment. And on the buy side, we have seen that the rate of deflation has stabilized over the last several quarters. And in some product categories, we are seeing certain molecules and product categories firming up from a price perspective on the buy side. So the environment overall is in a more stable state than it has been in the last – or that has been 18 months ago. And we're certainly in a great position with our ClarusONE sourcing operation to continue to create great buying opportunities that we can provide good cost savings for our customers, as well as to really create that spread between the buy side and the sell side. So we're very confident in our ability to continue to source well through ClarusONE with a more stabilized environment, it really sets us up quite nicely.
Britt Vitalone - McKesson Corp.: Within the U.S. Pharmaceutical and Specialty segment, we do have certain costs related to the New York State Stewardship. So that will be in a part of our second half. And as we think about branded price inflation, we did give you an updated assumption around our guidance. So at the beginning of the year, we gave you mid-to high-single digit assumption for branded price inflation. We've now updated that to give more of a mid-single digit price inflation assumption. So those would be the two pieces that I would call out that have helped us to clarify for you our guidance assumption around closer to the lower end of our original range for U.S. Pharma.
Britt Vitalone - McKesson Corp.: Sure. As I mentioned, you're right. It's $70 million of free cash flow in the first half of the year. Typically, we do see, because of seasonality, also because of just the timing of how certain customer payments happen during the year, that our fourth quarter is our strongest cash flow performance. And we expect that to continue again this year. So our first half of the year, as I mentioned, is slightly ahead of our own internal expectation, and we would continue to expect to generate $3 billion with a stronger second half performance, which is typical to prior years.
John H. Hammergren: Well, thanks, Lisa, for the question there. And clearly that was a big question covering lots of different subjects. I think that if you look at McKesson historically, we've done I think a really good job of managing our portfolio of businesses. So first, as you pointed out, we're not afraid to buy and sell businesses and to react where we see the market opportunities emerging. Clearly, Brian was a big part of that in his previous role in corporate strategy and business development and will play a very important role in his new capacity. We think we are in the right businesses at the right time. You mentioned a couple of times our McKesson Life Sciences business and our continued increased exposure to the biopharma industry and these new product launches that are coming out. We believe there's not only an opportunity for us to make money in our core distribution businesses related to this innovation, but perhaps as important, or maybe more important, a lot of these biopharma companies are beginning to turn to McKesson and our Life Sciences business to provide them with incremental support that helps them get the product to market, improve the adherence and compliance to these products, help the patient get access to both the drug as well as expert advice and support, and also get the right payment structure set up so these patients can qualify with their payers and health plans to be covered for the use of these medications. So, we feel really good about where we are and we think we're positioned properly. When you think about changes to the pricing dynamic, I think Britt did a nice job of outlining for you how much risk McKesson might have related to price inflation. We've tried to bound that risk for investors so you have a sense for how meaningful or how little meaning it has to us at this point in our evolution. Years ago, we began to move our model away from a dependence on price inflation on the brand side to create value, and we think our new relationships continue to evolve nicely in that area. Clearly, there have been people talking about this whole idea of a list price reduction. We believe what we received from manufacturers represents a fair payment for the value that we deliver on an ongoing basis. So we believe very strongly we will continue to have a revenue-based relationship with biopharma, and that that relationship may be modified over time as necessary if we find that the prices change in a significant way. And then you mentioned our oncology exposure. We're really pleased with the growth we're seeing in our oncology business particularly, which is part of part of our Specialty Solutions business. And not only is the U.S. oncology business growing rapidly with a significant increase in the number of physicians and practices that are involved in U.S. oncology, but we're finding that the market in general finds our value proposition compelling and that solutions we bring are very differentiated in the market, and we are gaining significant momentum in oncology particularly. When you think about pricing risk in that market, clearly various reimbursement strategies have been used over decades in community oncology, and our community oncologists have very resiliently moved their business practice and model to reflect the value and the service they deliver to their patients. We don't believe the administration or anyone that's a payer for healthcare would like to see oncology services move away from the community setting. First of all, it won't be as convenient and as accessible for the patients in America. We don't think it'll improve quality, and it clearly will increase costs if these patients and physicians migrate to a more acute setting. So, albeit there may be changes in the way payment structures move, but we've had significant success even recently with the Oncology Care Model experiment that took place with Medicare to help us prove that we can deliver in a value-based way a more all-encompassing treatment process in a way that delivered the quality that was reflected and required in the Oncology Care Model. So it wasn't necessarily drug dependent. So, I think if we see some changes in the way that it's done, it's not clear that it'll affect oncology particularly. If it does, we think our practices and our partnerships are prepared to make that transition and work with the payers to be paid for the service.
John H. Hammergren: Thanks Brian for the question. I'll ask Britt to talk specifically about pricing trends as we see it both on, sort of, the buy side of generics as well as what we're seeing on the sell side. But speaking at a higher level related to our U.S. Pharmaceutical business, I would say that we are beginning to see a very nice stabilization of that business. We talked about customer churn coming into the year. We believe strongly in our value proposition, and we continue to create great relationships with our customers, and I think we see that business reaching a point of recovery with the potential outlying risks still associated with what happens from a pricing model perspective related to governmental changes or big pharma, biopharma policy changes. But maybe he could talk specifically about generics.
John H. Hammergren: Well, clearly, we are in the market. We're always active in the market evaluating transactions, and I think we make long-term bets on where we think the growth is going to be. To your point, some of the – in fact all of the recent acquisitions are performing very well for us and are producing returns that are significantly above our long-term cost to capital. We look at cash flow generation out of these businesses, and that's an important characteristic. And we can see our path to growing that cash flow. So, we're going to continue to use that combination. We're going to be disciplined. Clearly, the value of our own stock at these rates is, on a relative basis, improving in its attractiveness to us. And we're not blind to that, and we'll continue to be disciplined.
John H. Hammergren: Well, we have constant conversations with manufacturers, Ricky, as you know, and as we've said earlier on the call and on other calls, we are very focused on making sure we get a fair return for the value that we deliver to these manufacturers. We can't control what they do from a pricing perspective, but we certainly have a significant relationship that delivers tremendous value to the manufacturers and gives them access to our customers, most of which buy only from us, in a way that is really important. We continue to evaluate the economics of these changes from a price perspective, and we plan to maintain the economics that we've realized in the past on these products, certainly regardless of where the price point gets set. So that's our position, and we believe the manufacturers respect that and will continue to provide us with the right payment for the service that we continue to provide.
