Brian Tyler: Well, good morning, Eric. Thanks for the question. We're fortunate to have had a H1N1 experience about a decade ago and provided a bit of a roadmap or a playbook for us to execute. I mean, based on the volumes that we've been given and projections, we have quickly been engaged in standing up some new facilities both for the vaccine distribution and for the kidding and frankly for just some storage. That is all in-flight on plan tracking, but yes, it will be -- it's a big effort to stand up several new facilities and onboard a lot of new employees, but something that we've successfully done in the past.
Brian Tyler: Sure, thanks for the question. I'll start certainly, as the year has progressed we've seen some momentum in that -- in the segment, what we talked about in both of our comments and what we've seen through the through our second quarter, is that COVID-19 tests and personal protective equipment have increased in volume throughout the quarter. So they're a key driver for that. We also I also touched on early vaccine, flu vaccine sales, so too early to call the flu season, but we did see earlier of flu vaccine sales, and we had anticipated a little bit stronger than we had anticipated in the quarter. And we're seeing really strong underlying performance as flu vaccine, sales start to pick up as COVID-19 test kits pick up that really helps the core business, it drives more primary care visits, drives more supplies within our core business. So I think all of those things really play together. But certainly COVID-19 tests and personal protective equipment are key drivers in the quarter, and key drivers for our full year race.
Brian Tyler: And not much to add to that other than we do think as we bring these businesses together and look at the connectivity we have and the providers and pharmacies we look at the automation experience and tools we have, and the expertise in various disease states. We think this is a growing part of the market. And there, we have opportunities to invest internally and innovation that will deliver superior returns over time. And we're we continue and are committed to making those investments.
Brian Tyler: Yes, sure. Maybe I'll just make a couple of general comments. We certainly have seen higher demand for these products over the course of the year. That demand can continued through the second quarter, more in the COVID 19 test kits in the second quarter, but PPE has been heavy demand as well. And look, we have very good and solid relationships from a logistics perspective with many different suppliers. We believe that that allows us to source competitively and clearly the market is it's a competitive market on the sell side. But again, we've seen some stability in the pricing in the first half of the year, but it's a volatile market, there's a lot of, the demand is changing as the year goes on. And our sourcing will adjust to that. And so what we're really trying to call out here is that we've seen a lot of demand in the first half of the year. It's been kind of volatile, and we would expect that we'll see good demand in the second half of the year, but certainly not in a straight line. But we feel that the relationships that we have with our suppliers put us in a good position to meet the customer demand.
Brian Tyler: Sure, we've got a very strong provider base for specialty products, and that's our we call sometimes our non-affiliated or non-U.S. oncology and our U.S. oncology. The Oncology business in particular, I think, has been pretty resilient, probably visits even at the trough period or relatively stronger than many of the other specialties. And what we're seeing now is it combined the physical patient visits with the telehealth activities, we're seeing volumes really get back almost to pre-COVID levels. And, we have a tremendous footprint in that business. We have a broad set of scaled assets. And one of the things that where we think we'll be able to do and are doing and will continue to expand over time is take advantage of not just biosimilars, but other new speciality products that launch into that space. So, our conviction in the community provider settings and how -- what important role we think it plays in the healthcare landscape, and we continue to invest and expand our offerings to position us to take advantage of those opportunities.
Brian Tyler: Thank you for the question. And I'll let Britt respond to it. But just to clarify, the medical business really is not the vaccine distribution, but it's the kitting operation or the production and storage of the kits that will support the administration of the vaccine. 
Brian Tyler: Yes, I think that the brand market has been relatively stable, the generic markets been relatively stable. And we've been very focused on cost and efficiency initiatives in this business to help underpin that.
Brian Tyler: Yes, great question. And always a little bit risky to prognosticate in the current environment. I mean, even given the way we've seen the disease progress in Europe in the U.S. in the last several weeks, shows the volatility that's still out there in the marketplace. I mean, you'll recall we early in the year, when we gave our first guidance, we assumed Q1 was going to be the trough that Q2 would get sequentially better, Q3 would get better. And by Q4, we would be back to what we call pre-COVID levels. If you think about the way the years unfolded, we had really high volatility in the first quarter, month-to-month, even week-to-week, the swings were pretty challenging. I think we saw that begin to stabilize a little bit as we got midway through Q2, and the trend lines started to look like they were they were leveling out a little bit. And so that's what gives us the pause or the revised view, I guess that that we won't get back to full pre-COVID elective procedures, physician office visits and scripts by Q4, but the recovery is likely to extend in well into the calendar 2021. And so that's our current view. And that's what we worked into our guidance.
Brian Tyler: Yes, we track these trends in Europe very closely. And frankly, what you see is it's really not a Europe trend. It's a country by country trend depending on how the COVID virus itself progresses and how local governments react to react with their social policy closed down, locked down and things of that nature. So it really is very different. We saw France for example, tended to be ahead of the U.K. and the way it experienced these waves. But the general theme has been pretty consistent. Then we had the trough and the key one period we had slow strengthening. We're very proud of the way our teams have operated there. Our pharmacies are open. They're servicing their communities. They've adopted all the new safety protocols and standards that enable them to provide that continuity of care. But I'd say at a macro level, I mean, while there is definitely difference between countries and the way, the way country governments react, it's generally the same.
Brian Tyler: Yes, thanks for the question, Ricky. Yes, we've only quantified our relationship on the kitting side, that's really all that we can quantify at this point. We don't have a vaccine approved. So it's too early for us to really provide you any guidance on that. And I wouldn't try to relate the two, they're very different programs. I would say though, that the kitting program does provide us the opportunity to continue to expand our relationship with the government and others. We certainly have all the capabilities. And that's why we were selected to be able to continue to expand our capabilities and services. So we're focused right now on the programs that are in flight, but certainly there are opportunities for us beyond that.
Brian Tyler: Yes, great, I I was going to make that point. So, I mean -- and as regards to the larger discussions, I mean, I think it's fair to say there was a few months' period there where the nations and the AGs and the distributors focus was on responding to a pandemic. But that -- we're now in the eight-month of this. And just like all of us have had to find ways to return to normal business. We continue to be engaged with the AGs. We continue to believe we're making progress in the discussions. We continue to be hopeful we'll reach a broad resolution, because we think that that's the best way to accelerate relief for people and communities that have been impacted by various health crisis at this point. So, we remain very focused and hopeful.
Brian Tyler: So I mean, relative to AMP. I mean, I really think about this, as you know, there are existing models out there to do access and adherence. That really frankly, hasn't haven't really innovated too much in a long time. And the opportunity we see here is to bring really the disease state expertise, the expertise we have over two decades supporting these access adherence like programs, but then leveraging the technologies that we have in a Relay or a CoverMyMeds to essentially automate and that process more efficient. Get patients started on their therapies quicker, help them adhere to them longer so that ultimately they get better health outcomes. And so, it's really the combination of these things, this kind of redesigning access and adherence model. And we've been very pleased with our early partnerships and the development of this, we've been very quick to take it from concept into market, and it's been quite encouraging and nice to see the number of brands on that program grow and the pipeline continue to expand.
Brian Tyler: Okay, well, I'd like to apologize for running a few minutes late. We wanted to be provide as much insight as we could on the call. I want to thank everybody for your great questions and thank Raul, for helping facilitate this call. I'm going to conclude my remarks today by once again thanking all of the frontline workers across the world who are working day in and day out to keep us healthy and keep us safe. And I want to recognize the great work of the McKesson team all 80,000 of them for their persistence, for their commitment, for their energy, resiliency during this time, they really are playing a vital part in keeping our communities healthy as well. So I wish you all a very good day. I hope you voted if you haven't, please do. And with that, we'll talk to you next quarter.
Britt Vitalone: Eric, let me address your second question. There's a couple different elements to this program. As we've talked about, previously, we were reimbursed for some of the costs to set up these new facilities. We will also when a vaccine is approved and we begin distribution, we’ll recognize a fair value for the services that we perform, similar to a third party logistics provider that's on the vaccine side. Obviously, that hasn't started yet. As the -- there's not been a vaccine that's been approved. On the kitting side, it will be very similar to you know, how we prepare kits that we did in H1N1 as we prepare kits, and produce those kits will recognize revenue as those kits are prepared and produced.
Britt Vitalone: Yes, appreciate that question. I'll start and then Brian can certainly elaborate. We have been making investments into this business. We think that this is a business where innovation can happen. And so we've been increasing our investments over the last year or so. And we'll continue to do that. Certainly, one of the things that we've noticed here is that lower prescription volume trends versus the prior year, particularly new prescriptions, or new branded prescriptions, has had an impact on that business from a top line perspective. We do expect that the second half of the year, we'll see some very strong growth. And typically in this business, you can expect that the fourth quarter is a little bit stronger seasonally than the other three quarter. So I think it's a few things. It's been the lower prescription volume trends year-over-year, investments that we continue to make in the business to drive new brand programs and innovation. And then we expect that the back half of the year will be stronger and typically seasonally, Q4 is a little bit stronger than the other three quarters of the year.
Britt Vitalone: Lisa, maybe just to touch on your the last part. We have seen that biosimilars have grown this year. We’ve seen more biosimilars launch into the space particularly into specialty provider and oncology. We think that biosimilars are a win win win. They're lower cost opportunities for patients, they provide economics for physicians, and they certainly provide better economics for us. So we like that biosimilars are continuing to develop. They're not very material yet, but they do continue to grow. And certainly they provide better costs for the patient, the physician and better margin opportunity for McKesson.
Britt Vitalone: Right. Thanks, Brian. And so what we are seeing in our second half is a continuation of some of the momentum that we saw in the first half, we expect that COVID-19 tests will continue to be a big portion of the business in the second half of the year. Our core business continues to have very strong momentum. And then as Brian just clarified, we do, we did put in guidance to kitting portion of the contract that will drive some top lines as well as the $0.15 to $0.20 of adjusted earnings that I called out. So what we have in our medical surgical business is a very broad based business that we've talked about many times across primary care, extended care. And we continue to grow there. And the opportunities that we have now through our relationships with lab suppliers and others is just providing additional momentum in the business.
Britt Vitalone: Yes, I'll start. And certainly Brian can elaborate. I think what we are seeing in our U.S. pharmaceutical business, just to be clear, it's our traditional U.S. wholesale business to independence to retail national accounts and the health systems. We're seeing pretty good stability in that business. Now we're seeing quarter-to-quarter stable position, stable growth. You add to that the position that we have in our specialty provider businesses, the opportunities that we're seeing in oncology, and what you're seeing is a business now that is growing at a stable, you know, 2% to 4% that we’ve seen over the last several quarters. So I don't think there's anything specific. I think it's just the good execution, the stability of our customers and the stability of the environment, that's really allowing us to continue to perform.
Britt Vitalone: Hey Glen, just before Brian jumps in there, I just want to clear up. The New York charge that we took was related to the surcharge that was enacted in 2017, and 2018. And so what we're doing here is just picking up the approval for the reversal of that court litigation suit back in 2019. So it's not related to the larger opiod settlement at all.
