Jeff Campbell: It’s strictly timing, Charles. As you said all the outcomes are positive although we’re still working through the final terms with the CDC but the accounting does not necessarily follow the payment. And so the revenues will more be recognized along with shipments and the shipments started on October 4.
Jeff Campbell: Correct. And in fact many of them did. And most of the revenues, Glen, that were recognized were actually not for the Horizon ERM product but they were for other ancillary products that the customer purchased as part of a bundled purchase that had been installed and customer’s been using for a long time. But the trigger for revenue recognition is completion of the final element in the contract which is the GA of Horizon Enterprise Revenue Management.
Jeff Campbell: Well I’d really go back to the many things that John and I talked about across the business, Tom. It’s momentum across every aspect of what we do. I’d say a common theme is strong cost containment efforts that have gone frankly better than we had anticipated when we put together the plan. That’s probably the one common thing.
Jeff Campbell: You’re focused on operating margins, Randall? I mean on the operating margin side you’ll actually see a very significant expansion due to the flu. Because the mix of products is a little higher margin than normal and the CDC contract is a third party logistic contract. So we don’t recognize the product revenue that will drive the margin up. After the fact we’ll tell you what the impact is on all that. We do expect the operating margin in Distribution Solutions to go up for the year, even once you adjust for those items.
Jeff Campbell: Well remember we have a longstanding contract with the CDC on their Children’s Vaccine Program. And what we are actually doing is just extending that contract to cover what we’re doing on very short notice for H1N1. There are actually three components economically to that expansion, Lisa. One, covering the costs that I’ll call the set of costs of setting up fixed distribution centers and the technology and hiring a couple thousand people. Second component is a component to cover the monthly operating expenses of running that network. And the third component is a variable component that depends upon the number of doses actually shipped.  So our challenge in giving guidance of course is the tremendous variability I’d say right now on how many doses will be shipped. There’s tremendous variability on the timing of when those doses get shipped which also affects our economics. And then as the CDC and McKesson and other partners work together every day to figure out how to do this a little bit better, frankly what we’re doing for the CDC continues to evolve and that is reflected on pricing. So what we’ve tried to do in our guidance range is give you our best estimate, given all that uncertainty I just described, of what we think is a reasonable assumption for the economics this year on the CDC. But as I said in my prepared remarks, there’s enough uncertainty here so I’d say we could be materially off in either direction. But we think we’ve been modest and reasonable in the range we’ve given you.
Jeff Campbell: Yes. I’m sorry, Lisa. I’m just talking about on the downside relative to the guidance range we’ve given you. And we took our guidance range up a whole lot. 
Jeff Campbell: I’m sorry, Richard. We confused everyone. Its two different things. What we talked about in the July quarter is that the company’s 401(k) plan had actually reached a legal settlement. The net effect of that was about a $0.15 good guy for all of our fiscal year ’10. That was built into the $4.15 to $4.30 range and remains built into our new higher range. Separately and totally unrelated, in the September quarter we settled and released a $20 million reserve on an old legal case that has to do with the HBOC acquisition. If you look at our income statement, if you look at Schedule 1 you’ll see a little table down at the bottom that builds you from a GAAP 111 EPS to a 107 EPS and we built our guidance off that 107. It’s a convention we’ve used for a number of years now to exclude some of the somewhat random noise around settlements relating to both the HBOC acquisition as well as the AWP litigation.
Jeff Campbell: Well there’s also quarterly volatility. There so we’ve talked for a long time about a long term goal of having that operating margin in the low to mid teens, which means 13%. Our expectation for the full year this year is while we’ll get close to that 13% we probably won’t quite get into it.
Jeff Campbell: It is variable but I suppose as a starting point yes, Larry. But remember the $0.20 is on top of what happened last quarter and half the $0.20 we said was probably, I didn’t say this but sort of a big piece of its flu and a big piece of it is the non-flu momentum of the business. So if for now you wanted to go $0.10 and $0.10 that’s not an unreasonable assumption.
John Hammergren: Well clearly we’re optimistic as we look forward that this flu season could have a positive impact on our business more than it has thus far. You know clearly September and October you began to see more media coverage about it and more interest. And I think that you know we really didn’t see a lot of effect in our businesses in the September quarter other than as Jeff mentioned I think we had flu test kits started to sell well in our Med Surg business. But remember that business also has a lot of other businesses in it. And so you know to the extent that the flu business might be impacting the physician side, we have Z Medical for example that sells into businesses which continues to suffer the take down in terms of employment, etc. So I think we’re optimistic as we look into the next couple of quarters but thus far we haven’t seen a significant bolus of new demand.
John Hammergren: So although we sold a lot of the HERM product already, because it takes a while to implement it, actual HERM revenue will be more material as we think about the out year, I mean next year probably more so than this year. So this is stuff that was installed and hung up on the balance sheet until we can get it recognized.
John Hammergren: Yes, not to sound negative but we sometimes have a hard time explaining the nuances associated with IMS’s forecast. Certainly the direction that they take we typically agree with but the science behind the numbers is sometimes more of a challenge. So I think that we believe that there is continued to be some demand drivers here that are helpful to us but beyond that we probably don’t focus on a near term basis in terms of what IMS is saying. And I’d say that their projections as revised now are probably more reflective of what we thought the year was going to be anyway as opposed to their earlier guidance which was down I think. We just didn’t see it going negative.
John Hammergren: Well the market remains competitive, Randall. As I’ve said in the past I think we have to constantly look for ways to innovate with our solutions set to take the focus off of price and focus more on value and what we can deliver. And I think that we continue to deliver more value than we charge for from the service perspective. So typically our sell side pressure is driven by competitive activity, perhaps in addition to a customers interest to get a better deal. And we talked last year about the sell side pressure we experienced in the fourth quarter and frankly when we drew the line in the sand we lost $3 billion worth of revenue. So sometimes our attempt to hold the sell side in place is met with negative consequences. We continue to believe though that the only way to continue to expand margins in our business is to have discipline around the selling process, to sell the full value of the company, and to obviously do great work in cost management and in things like generics that help drive margins on the positive side and reduce the bleeding as it relates to sell side margin degradation. So I don’t want you to believe in my comments that the sell side “has turned around”. I would say that what we’re suggesting is that the negative pressure we felt in the fourth quarter we built into the guidance this year has been experienced and we continue to manage aggressively against our customer’s expectations, the competitive activity and our ability to hold the line on price so that we can actually get margin expansion, which is our ultimate goal here. The key to softening revenues is to get gross profit expansion and that is critical to this model.
John Hammergren: So we don’t expect that this will not be a financial benefit. It’s a question of the size of the benefit and that’s what Jeff was attempting to explain. So we won’t lose money on the deal regardless of what the outcome is.
John Hammergren: Yes. We think that the drug distribution business and let’s not forget that H1N1 really hasn’t had any impact other than the set up costs in the quarter we just reported. So the strength you see in our financial results in Q2 were driven by the ongoing operations of the corporation without regard to sort of the H1N1 effect, with the exception of the ERM GA which is kind of the abnormal thing in the Technology Solutions segment that was more one time kind of related. So I think we feel very strongly that the business is well positioned to continue to perform. We’re lapping this $3 billion loss and the price effect that that has had from a market perspective. And we’re continuing to innovate to try to deliver additional value. So I think we feel very positive about how we’re positioned in those businesses.  As to the transition between warehouse and direct store sales, I think that that is a continued indication of the value we deliver for our customers, that when they say listen we want you to ship to our stores directly as opposed to us using our warehouses as an intermediary, it certainly shows confidence that our logistics channel is as good or better for the customers. You know and generally speaking DXD business for us is more profitable than warehouse business and this most significant move that we’ve had with one of our larger customers, its still positive but perhaps not as positive as an independent direct store delivery model as opposed to you know a chain direct delivery model. 
John Hammergren: Well I think we might have had some modest lift from the price patterns in the last two quarters, but as you suggested we have basically taken the variability out of this business to a large degree. Plus the price inflation depending on which manufacturers it falls on can have a immaterial effect or a material effect given the structure of some of our relationships. So I think that what we’ve experienced thus far and what we planned for for the balance of the year is generally in line with the expectation we had as we started the year.  And as we look to next year you know there might be an environment where price inflation is lower than what it is today or what we’ve experienced today. Because as I said it really depends on the mix of manufacturers that make those changes as well as how our arrangements with the manufacturers vary. And I think our ultimate goal is to make sure that we’re properly paid for the work that we do. And to the extent that there’s some significant change to the models as a result of behavior changes out of our control, we certainly would go back and adjust those models hopefully to reflect the fact that our work has remained the same.
John Hammergren: Well you know clearly we have used a portfolio approach to the deployment of cash, Robert. And we will plan to continue that pursuit. At least that’s our current thinking. We use dividends, we use acquisitions and we use share repurchases as part of that portfolio. I think all of our businesses continue to have opportunities for us to make strategic acquisitions that fit in sort of the wheel house of the businesses. And I think we’ll continue to evaluate across the board. There are some that might be reaching points of competitive saturation which makes it difficult to find additional parties to roll in. But even in those larger businesses where there are only a few players left, the ability for us to make acquisitions that might serve more innovation opportunities for us are certainly present as well. So I think it really will be across the board.
John Hammergren: Well I think distribution is a big sector for us and that we made acquisitions in our medical distribution business for example that have been successful in expanding our footprint. I don’t think that that market has been fully consolidated and whether it’s home health distribution or whether it’s physical therapy distribution or whether it’s nursing home distribution or physician office distribution, clearly that’s a big segment for us and there’s plenty of opportunity with smaller players that are privately owned where they’ll find a nice fit with us. To your point though pharmaceutical wholesaling in North America has consolidated significantly and there may be fewer opportunities in that segment. But once again I think there’s places where we can find space to invest.
John Hammergren: So when Jeff talked about the securities litigation or litigation matters, those are the two call outs that he’s referring to. Unless we say otherwise it’s either AWP or it’s the securities litigation from back in 1999.
