Brian Tyler: Thanks, Charles. I'll start, and Britt as always, feel free to add on. I'm first off, we're very pleased with the solutions that we have in this segment. We think the growth over the last several quarters demonstrates the value that they bring to providers. Just as a reminder, this segment, new brand launches, particularly high-cost drugs, are drivers for this segment. They typically require prior authorization. We have automated solutions there. So as those volumes grow, that's generally good for this business. The GLP-1s were a strong contributor in the current quarter. How the programs evolve will largely be dependent on payer decisions in terms of how frequently they require an authorization or a reauthorization. But certainly, it's been a good tailwind for us. And that's to the blizzard season. I'm pleased to say it played out in accordance to how we expected it to. It's a lot of work. The team really put their head down, had a good plan, and is pushing through that work. And we're very confident we'll end this blizzard season more or less in line with our expectations at the outset of the year.
Brian Tyler: Let me start. I guess I'll start where you ended with the practices. First thing I think I would say is, we are very pleased with the solid growth in our same store. We can obviously grow our U.S. Oncology Network in multiple ways. We can add, we could add oncologists or providers to an existing practice that we have. We could Greenfield a new practice. We could onboard new practices. And really, we've been benefiting over the last few years from all three of those. We have been very pleased with our ability to attract new members to the U.S. Oncology Network. We've added, I don't know, 500 or 600 providers over the last couple of years. We've entered into six new, we added six new practices and eight new geographies over the calendar year of 2023. Why are we able to do that? We think it's not just great practice management. We've been at this for 15 years, so we've got a leading EMR, we've got leading technology. Britt talked about investments we're making to extend that lead. But I think we also have this broad ecosystem that includes Ontada, which helps us provide insights to our providers. It includes SCRI, which brings in clinical research and trial capabilities. And so we think it's that really broad value proposition, Eric, which allows us to compel the growth we're seeing in the U.S. Oncology Network today.
Brian Tyler: Well, I will comment obviously on rumors. Let me say this about Canada. We have a very scaled, broad and impactful healthcare services business there. It's obviously anchored in our distribution assets, but it includes specialty distribution capabilities, it includes retail pharmacies, it includes one of the best online brands in Well.ca, it includes infusion clinics, and it includes a growing biopharma manufacturer services business. So we're very, very broad in our capabilities and really one of the leading players in the Canadian health care landscape in general. We've been very pleased with the performance of the business. Britt talked about some of the investments we continue to make into that business to keep our growth trajectory going. And I'd say we're very pleased with the performance and very committed to the current strategy.
Brian Tyler: I appreciate the question. I obviously can't and not in a position to comment a lot on Rite-Aid. What I can tell you is what we've talked about for fiscal 2024. And Rite-Aid is not going to have a material impact on our financial results. So I would leave it at that. And in terms of 2025, we will learn more over the next few months. We'll give you more information as we give you further information on all of our fiscal 2025 assumptions. But Rite-Aid is not material to our financial results in fiscal 2024.
Brian Tyler: Yes, I appreciate the question, Eric. And you'll note that in our free cash flow guide for the rest of the year, the reduction versus the prior guidance that we gave you is not the full impact of the Rite-Aid provision for bad debt. So it is a key driver to that. So to answer your question very simply, yes, Rite-Aid and the bankruptcy is a driver on free cash flow reduction. In terms of share repo, I'd say that there's two things that are driving that. Clearly, we are taking a look at our free cash flow guide, but going back to our principles of how we deploy capital, one of the things that we've talked about is, A, we will buy back shares when there's excess cash on hand that we can't deploy in a growth format. And secondly, we're going to be looking at the intrinsic value of the stock. We want to be in the market and we want to return capital to our shareholders through share repurchases, but those two factors are going to be important to us. And so we're going to continue to be disciplined. And so a portion of that is reflected in the lower share buyback.
Brian Tyler: Yes, so let me comment on a couple of things. We're really pleased with our U.S. pharmaceutical results. They delivered another strong quarter. Included in that, obviously we are lapping the effects of the government program of COVID last year. This year we do have commercial COVID vaccines that peaked in October and then really fell off. And we did have a one-time non-recurring charge in the quarter. And when you net the commercial COVID vaccine contribution in that charge, it roughly offsets the government program contribution from last year. So the performance within the segment is just strong, continued utilization that we're seeing in the marketplace, continued strong growth of specialty across all of our customer channels, and the continued growth in our oncology business, as well as, as I mentioned, I provided a number on the revenue impact from GLP-1s, which again, come at a lower margin rate and have been a headwind to year-over-year. So to just sort of sum up, it's just continued strong utilization in the marketplace in general, continued good growth of our customers and channels, and continued growth within our oncology business.
Brian Tyler: Appreciate the question. Let me just start by stating that at the beginning of the year when we gave guidance, the long-term growth rate for the segment was 4% to 6%. Given the performance that we've seen this year, we increased that target, that long-term target rate to 5% to 7%. What I'm trying to provide you now is an early view into some of the qualitative factors that we're looking at and some of the momentum that we see going forward in indicating that that long-term range that we increased this year, we still see that as being the right number today. Now we'll continue to do some analysis and work and we come forward with our full year assumptions. We'll give you more insight into that. But just as a reminder, we have already increased the long-term target range this year from 4% to 6% to 5% to 7%. And we're certainly pleased with the momentum that we're seeing in the segment.
Brian Tyler: Well, I would say this. I think we've talked many times in these calls that the first most important thing for us to do is make sure we get fair value for the services that we provide. And then obviously we want to provide as many services as we can in support of those products. And that philosophy is no different for the GLP-1 class than it is, frankly, for all of the products that we distribute. So, we are always in close contact and communication with our biopharma partners to talk about the value that we deliver, to talk about maybe the ancillary services that we could offer in support of those programs and to find ways that we can both support the growth of our respective businesses. And that's exactly the lens we'll bring to this product class and it's really no different than the way we run the business day to day.
Brian Tyler: Sure, I'll start and then Britt can tack on. First thing I would say is, I'm really pleased over the last several years, we have been very disciplined in making sure that we made organic investment or reinvestment back into the business. And, we view that as part of good portfolio management. I mean, our goal is to continue to extend the growth that we see in our markets and to innovate, innovating new solutions as part of that. So, now when we allocate that investment capital, certainly some goes into the core where we think we can get efficiency, better services, extend our base value proposition, but a lot will go into what we call our growth pillars and that would be oncology. So in one instance, we've talked a lot, it's about, green fielding our Ontada business or our data and analytics business. Obviously we've gone inorganic with SCRI and extended into clinical trials and research. We talked a quarter or two ago about some innovations that we've made in our RxTS segment when enhancing some of our solutions and frankly building and innovating and bringing new solutions. So, much like our inorganic investment, we are tied to our strategy and committed to business cases that we think will deliver more return. I think the one area that we probably highlighted more this quarter than we have in the past is investments in technology, AI, machine learning. Obviously, the developments and advancements in that field have come on fast and when you think about a business that operates at our kind of scale, we're very excited about the opportunities we see there. And when you think about like a U.S. oncology, Britt highlighted several places where we think we can use this kind of technology to make a better patient experience, make our provider experience better, and to continue to drive efficiencies through that business. So, we will continue to be committed to investing back in the business where we see good financial returns tied to our strategy.
Brian Tyler: I'll start with your second question and then Britt can come on. So, I talk about three ways to drive the U.S. oncology business. One is to acquire a practice in a geography where not, obviously, to add providers to an existing geography. And in instances where our criteria are met, meaning we think we can attract the right level scale, we can find oncologists that want to practice consistent with the way we practice oncology in our network, we are not afraid to Greenfield. Obviously, adding to an existing is faster, acquiring an established practice that we feel fits our criteria is probably second, and Greenfield would be third, but we have all those avenues open to us. And so, we look at the criteria, the population, the growth, the payer mix, these all kind of go into our formula as we identify which of those three avenues is the most viable.
Brian Tyler: Well, I think as, we think about GLP-1s, obviously, four quarters ago was a big growth quarter. We're going to start to lap that. I think my characterization is there will continue to be growth. That growth may or may not be linear depending on product launches, uptakes, how commercial, government, other payers adopt policies to manage these products. So I think it's going to be growth. It's going to be slowed compared to what it has been historically. And it's probably going to be a little bit lumpier than, we would typically expect just because of the size of the class.
Brian Tyler: Well, thank you again, everyone, for joining our call. We appreciate, as always, the great questions. I want to thank you, Cynthia, for facilitating the call. And maybe just a concluding comment. McKesson continues to make really meaningful progress in advancing our strategy and our mission. I couldn't be more pleased with the consistent and solid performance we're delivering. And we remain confident in our ability to continue to deliver sustainable long-term growth. I want to make sure I acknowledge the contribution of the McKesson employees across really all our teams, all of our business. It is one team executing this enterprise strategy and I'm proud of what we've been able to achieve as a team. And I look forward to sharing more updates and more of our progress with you next quarter. Thanks again, everybody. I hope everyone has a terrific evening.
Britt Vitalone: And Eric, maybe I'll just add on, when we think about specialty product growth, we're certainly seeing specialty product growth across not only our largest customers, but across the mentioned [ph] health systems. And certainly as we continue to grow the U.S. Oncology Network and oncology in general, we're certainly seeing more growth in that area as well. So we're seeing growth in specialty products, we're seeing growth across the specialty providers that we service, and as I mentioned, we're also seeing significant growth from GLP-1 medication. So we're really winning across the entirety of our scaled business. And of course, as our customers continue to win, that's reflected in the volume increases also.
Britt Vitalone: The only thing I would add is similar to our U.S. business, in Canada we have very strong strategic sourcing capabilities as well, which our customers benefit from. And it's helping our customers win and helping us drive increased distribution volume. So very similar to the U.S., we utilize our strong, scaled strategic sourcing capabilities to help our customers win.
Britt Vitalone: Thanks for the question, Allen. I think when you look at our operating expenses, what we strive to do and what we've been able to do over a long period of time is gain leverage on our gross profit. And so what we strive to do and what we've demonstrated is that our operating expense typically will grow at a slower pace than gross profit. Now we've been investing back in the business. And so as we've been investing not only in distribution capabilities, data and analytics, and now in accelerated investment in artificial intelligence, quarterly variability in that operating expense number, you can expect to see that. But generally speaking, you will see us generate operating leverage on a gross margin.
Britt Vitalone: Yes, thanks for the question, Brian. In generics, we continue to have a very scaled sourcing operation in ClarusONE. ClarusONE continues to partner very closely with our broad set of customers, is generating good sourcing benefits. I talked about the dual mandate that we focus on, which is driving low cost positions for our customers. At the same time, is driving the highest availability of supply. We've been able to do that over a long period of time. Our generics business continues to grow. And we're quite pleased with the sourcing spread that we're able to generate from our sourcing buy-side capabilities. And we think that our customers are benefiting as well. And we see that in high compliance rates. So it's been a competitive but stable marketplace in the generic space, but the capabilities that we have on sourcing, the ability for us to drive lower cost and high availability of product and generate spread for our customers in a disciplined way that has proven to be a good formula for us over a long period of time.
Britt Vitalone: And the answer to your first question is we've talked about GLP-1s previously, and today we are talking about margin rate. They usually come at a lower margin rate than other products that we distribute. And as I mentioned, they have been an operating profit headwind year-over-year.
Britt Vitalone: And I would just remind you that while the growth has been robust and we do expect the rate of growth to moderate as we go to future quarters beginning in the fourth quarter. We did increase the guide for the operating profit for the segment. So the momentum in that segment is really good. Prior authorizations in general, GLP-1s specifically, but also seeing good growth across other access and affordability solutions within the segment.
