Jeff Campbell: So Tom, the answer on a $51 million gain is that, that is included in the guidance. And the answer on generics, as John and I both talked about, is we are expecting strong growth in the profit contribution from generics, and this is driven by a combination of the fact that we see a launch calendar that is probably a little bit better than what we saw in fiscal year '10, though not quite as strong as fiscal year '09. And we expect to have continued growth in the penetration of our generic programs.
Jeff Campbell: Well, as you know, Lisa, we never specifically comment on plans. However, you'll note that one of our key guidance assumptions is that we'll end the year with 267 million shares. So obviously, there's a number of ways you can get there depending on when and how much we buy. But our plan is to get to that number.
Jeff Campbell: Well, the short answer is, yes, I think you got everything right. Just for everyone's benefit, to remind you, the two items we talked about last time that were big, positives in FY '10, with a $0.35 to $0.40 of the flu. And I point out here that we told you today, we came in right in the middle of that range, and also said that in FY '11, our guidance assumes to the sense all that goes away and that our flu profits return back to levels they were more historically at an FY '09. And prior the other item we pulled out of FY '10 was the ESOP benefit which was $0.14 or $0.15. So other than that, I agree with all of your math.
Jeff Campbell: Well, so I think I got the $0.12 on the antitrust settlement, but I agree with your math there. On the share repurchase, the reality is, not only do we not particularly provide guidance. We really haven't made nor, I think, should we make final decisions about the pace and exactly how much of it is applied today, right? So what I can tell you there is, we think we'll get 267 million for the year. And one of the reasons we don't provide quarterly guidance is I can't tell you today exactly how much of that's going to impact the first quarter. What I did say, though, is the fourth quarter will clearly be relative to last year's unusually strong first quarter. I would expect our EPS to be flat to even down a little bit in this year's June quarter.
Jeff Campbell: Well, let me make two comments, Steven. Certainly, we see the strength of our balance sheet and our financial flexibility, as they vary material sources of value for our shareholders in the long term, and plan to continue with our portfolio approach to capital deployment. I do think that to get to the share count that we've given, you need to chew not quite a bit more than a third of the current share repurchase authorization of $1.5 billion. You need to remember that there is some level of option exercises that were always experienced in each year. And of course, we do have equity-based compensation programs, and there are some new contingent shares issued as part of those programs each year. So in fact, as earlier commentators or earlier questionners asked about, depending on the pace at which we do this, we will potentially use a very good chunk of the existing authorization to get to that share count assumption. But I think it's important to note, that still leaves us with an under-levered balance sheet, relative to our targets, and probably still with a cash balance that's a little bit above our target.
Jeff Campbell: Well, so the really relevant number, Ricky, I'd point you to is the number for the March quarter because, of course, our share count is a function, not just of the shares outstanding, but also of what happens with various contingent shares and stock prices, et cetera. Certainly, we have not bought back any shares since the end of the quarter because we've been in our quiet period. And we've been, as you would expect, even if we had wanted to be in the marketplace, we couldn't be buying back any shares. So really, we haven't bought back any shares since the first half of fiscal 2010. When you see our 10-K, which will be filed in the next day or two, of course, it will have a very thorough footnote with every possible number you could think of, related to our share count and other forms of equity-based compensation.
Jeff Campbell: Well, remember, our March quarter has been, for years, our strongest quarter in both segments was in fiscal '10. And we'd expect the same thing in fiscal '11. So when you sequentially go from the March quarter to the June quarter, you always see a very significant decline in distribution. It's because mostly, if an accident of history, many of our compensation agreement still have the largest slug of compensation tied to what used to be January price increases, even if the price increases are not relevant anymore. And of course, in technology, at the end of the year, our sales force is sprinting for the finish line and always completes a lot of sale in the March quarter.
Jeff Campbell: And Eric, just to correct something I said. Actually, I guess, I didn't even realize, but a colleague here have told me, we did have about $0.01 worth of a positive antitrust settlement in FY '10.
Jeff Campbell: Correct, Richard. So I pointed out in my remarks that if you take two things out of the FY '10 Distribution Solutions margin, the $0.35 to $0.40 to the flu, and then the Distribution Solutions portion of the ESOP or 401(k) plan benefits, the FY '10 margin was 172 basis points. Of that 172 is what I was referring to.
John Hammergren: We plan to continue as you note to deploy our capital in a portfolio approach, which will include continued use of dividends. Obviously, the share repurchase that we've expanded today from an authorization perspective gives us over $1.5 billion worth of firepower on that strategy. And we do see a continued acquisition opportunities albeit difficult to forecast and difficult to discuss on a call like this. I don't think we feel like we're particularly constrained from a size perspective. Our constraints are really driven by three factors: first is, sort of the financial model of any potential acquisition. In your term, what does it mean long term, and what is the price of the target? Is it something that makes sense economically for us to pursue? The second and no less important, clearly, is the strategy value that the company might deliver to us over the long haul. And the third, also important is the amount of synergy that exists between our business and the acquired company business. And so I think given McKesson's footprint, we see opportunities really across the healthcare universe that are open for our evaluation. Thus far, obviously, because we've not announced any acquisitions recently, those targets that we've been evaluating amidst on one or of those parameters, or simply can't be executed in a way that makes sense for our shareholders. So I think that we continue to be optimistic that there's a way for us to continue our track record of building value and we plan to continue to keep our options open.
John Hammergren: Well price clearly plays a very important role on public companies. You guys can run the math and realize what kind of synergies we have to have to make these acquisitions make sense. Arguably, we might be trading that at a multiple that is somewhat depressed compared to historical rates, but also, you'll see certain segments we compete in that, not the least of which is our Technology segment, where multiples might be at a record high. And so we may see those multiples contract over time, and those opportunities then would become more appropriate for us over time. So I think the best way to think about how we evaluate capital deployment is we're patient and the patience ultimately will pay off in good execution for our shareholders. Our patience has limits and clearly the share repurchase authorization that we have announced today shows that we clearly see share repurchase of McKesson's stock as a very competitive alternative to the other strategies we might be evaluating.
John Hammergren: Well, we were and we have been and continue to invest heavily in our Technology business, where we believe it's important for us to continue to get in front of what we anticipate to be our customer's expectations from a deployment perspective. I think our view probably early in the third quarters, we started to ramp up those investments has come to pass, and that our customers, through the bookings increase we saw in the fourth quarter are, in fact, making purchasing decisions and would like us to help them deploy these products in time for their meaningful use requirements. So I think, as I mentioned, our investment will continue relatively strong in the first two quarters of next year, and that's in advance, so the revenue really being recognized as it take some time to get these products implemented and signed off on. So I do think that that's certainly one of the year-over-year increases from the spend perspective. I think a lot of the rest is sort of miscellaneous in various areas.
John Hammergren: Yes, Larry, it's almost not even worth calling out. If you think about it in the context of how we used to talk about flu, which was not much, now that's where we're headed back to. It plays a nice role in our Medical-Surgical business, but it gets lost in the rest of the corporation. So this really was a highly unusual event for us. And in our guidance, we don't anticipate it to be repeated.
John Hammergren: Well, I think, just to put this into context, the Specialty business is important to us. But on the scale of McKesson and in the scale of our Specialty business, compared to the scale of McKesson, and then the generic products within the Specialty business, once again, it doesn't fall on the top-level attention items that it might be for others who have more concentration in this, on a relative-size basis. Having said all of that, the Generic business in Specialty is important to us, and it didn't perform well this year. We executed, I think, extremely well on the generic that came out. It was an at-risk launch, and we do have product left in our system that we will continue to use this year that will bolster our performance in that business. And there's a chance in our third or fourth quarter that there'll be a couple of additional generic launches in that business that, once again, will be important to that business, but it will be less important to the corporation, overall. So I don't think that the expectations we've given to you guys today are highly sensitive to generic launches within the Specialty business. They are highly sensitive to our view on generics at the corporate level, overall. And therefore, we continue to focus heavily on making sure that all of our businesses are getting generic customers, that we're advancing our compliance to our generic expectations. And now we have this nice pipeline of generics that are coming into both segments that will help us.
John Hammergren: Well, I think almost all of our years are sort of in that 1/3, 1/3, 1/3 category. We happen to have some concentration this year with a couple of larger customers. As to the deployment of our sales force, I think our sales force are heavily focused at the retail chain level in building long-term value with these customers, and selling parts of our portfolio that help add value to our customers' experience with us. It could be our transaction-processing activity at RelayHealth. It could be pharmacy automation equipment. As you know, we sold Safeway our software to run their retail pharmacies. So there are various things we can do to improve our customers' performance, reduce our own costs and sell the value of a large partnership that go beyond the every two- or three-year contract renewal phase. And so I'm hopeful that, that's what those folks will do. Clearly, there are opportunities, sometimes, for us to call on customers that aren't doing business with McKesson to talk about our value. But there's not a lot of changes that go on at the large retail level. And so we focus heavily on selling additional services to our existing customers and improving our performance, and taking cost out for both of us.
John Hammergren: Well, we usually don't talk about our customers and their expectations. I think, given the publicity around this one, clearly, your guess would be as good as mine, as to whether or not another virus comes up or a mutation of the existing virus comes up, and whether the CDC and the administration decide to perform a national approach to this. If that's the case, then I do think we stand in a good position to help in that endeavor. As I mentioned in my comments, the only thing we know for sure is we're going to help them sort of do the final phase through July. It's a real nominal role. And we've kind of decommissioned most of our capabilities here. The positive news is that we can recommission our capabilities very quickly, should the White House call and ask us to perform that responsibility. So we are happy to engage, but at this point, have no view and haven't built nothing in to our financial guidance, relative to a go-forward or second sign of H1N1 kind of a program.
John Hammergren: Well, I think the most material thing here is we would expect to have revenue in the back half of the year that we don't really have in the first half. And some of that revenue is going to come in the form of software, which carries a higher margin. You also will notice, in the quarter that we just reported, that hardware revenues were actually down slightly. And I guess, we will see hardware play a less and less significant role in our business, as we go forward, as it relates to the mix of the business that we sell. So some of that margin mix will come from mix change, some of that will, frankly, just come from the execution of contracts that we have to implement, which is also, I guess, a mix change in the end.
John Hammergren: Well, our customers are clearly very focused on this. And one of the challenges to realizing success for our business in Technology is helping our customers be successful using our technology, which requires both of us to be in the game, getting it done. And so I think that one of our dependencies here is making sure that we've invested for these implementations, that our customers are ready and they've also invested. And clearly, the pressure from Washington to get to these milestone dates is important, albeit there are some parts of our customer base that are trying to lobby Congress to stretch those time frames out. That gives us the benefit of having more time to make the implementations go live, but obviously, the detriment side of that is it reduces the rush to get it done as well. So it's kind of a mixed blessing. But there is a debate, obviously, if you follow technology going on in Washington, about whether these objectives are too difficult for our customers to reach.
John Hammergren: Well, not to my knowledge. I know that, as you might recall, there were certification of some of the physician office products in the past that have gone through these activities. But the certification process in Washington, as far as I know, is not even yet been fully armed, or staffed or ready to go. So I think they are still in the process of getting that up to speed.
John Hammergren: Well, the reality is, as I mentioned, we've not lost any customers and nor, really, have we lost any percentage of our large customers' business. What's happened that we experienced over the last 12 months is two of our larger customers launched a share on their own. And when they grow less than the market, it's difficult for us to grow at market or above market when a large portion of our base businesses with the existing customers that are losing share at the retail or the mail level. So obviously, that momentum ebbs and flows, and to the extent that our customers when we win -- and to the extent our customers don't win, we don't win. And so I think that, that's what we were referring to there. That it was not a share loss or a customer moving away from us.
John Hammergren: Well, because we probably have some sales execs listening to this phone call, our expectations are always to grow our store counts. So I'll send them a clear message. Health Mart continues to be a very important priority for us, and we do expect it to continue to grow. The mix of the 500 stores that came on were probably across the board. Some were customers that were existing McKesson customers that converted to the Health Mart franchise, some were new customers to McKesson who chose to become Health Mart right out of the gate and some were existing Health Mart customers that opened a new store or a new branch. So it's really across the board, and we'd hope to continue to grow the program.
