Britt Vitalone: Great. Thank you Brian and good afternoon everyone. Fiscal 2024 marks another year of strong execution and financial performance. We enter fiscal 2025 with a momentum to deliver growth and create value for our customers, partners and shareholders. Today, I'll discuss our fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2024 results. Then I'll provide an overview of our fiscal 2025 outlook. My comments today will refer to our adjusted results unless I state otherwise. We're exiting fiscal 2024 with solid performance, delivering earnings per diluted share of $6.18 in the fourth quarter and $27.44 for the full year. Our fourth quarter results were in line with our expectations and with the earnings per diluted share guidance range that we provided on our third quarter earnings call, demonstrating our ability to consistently execute against company priorities and create long-term sustainable value for our shareholders. For the full year, when excluding fiscal 2023, contributions from COVID-related programs and McKesson Ventures, adjusted operating profit grew 9% and adjusted EPS increased 17%. These results were above our long range targets and reflect the strength of our products, services and operating execution. Let me start with a review of the fiscal fourth quarter. Revenues increased 11% to $76.4 billion, led by growth in the U.S. Pharmaceutical segment resulting from increased prescription volumes, including higher volumes from specialty products, retail national account customers and GLP one medications. Gross profit was $3.3 billion, an increase of 7%, primarily a result of specialty distribution growth within the U.S. Pharmaceutical segment, including our leading plasma and biologics business. Operating expenses increased 11% to $2.1 billion, driven by higher costs to support growth across the businesses. During the quarter, we recorded a reserve for environmental matters of $0.09 per share for increased remediation cost related to McKesson's former chemical business, which we disposed of several years ago. The environmental reserve was recorded in our corporate segment. Operating profit was $1.3 billion, which was flat to the prior year, driven by growth in the U.S. Pharmaceutical segment offset by increased corporate expenses which included the previously outlined environmental reserve. Year-over-year results were also impacted by anticipated lower contributions from U.S. Government COVID-19 programs in both the U.S. Pharmaceutical and medical-surgical solutions segments when compared to the prior year. When adjusting for the COVID-19 programs and a modest McKesson Ventures loss in fiscal 2023, adjusted operating profit increased 4% in the quarter. Moving below the line, interest expense was $75 million, an increase of 7% driven by higher short-term borrowings of commercial paper compared to the prior year. The higher short-term borrowings resulted from lower average cash balances, in part due to the impact from the Change Healthcare outage. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 28.1%, which is in line with our previous guidance and driven by a discrete tax item. Fourth quarter diluted weighted average shares outstanding was 131.6 million, a decrease of 5% year-over-year. Wrapping up our consolidated results, earnings per diluted share was $6.18, again in line with the implied earnings per diluted share that we provided on our third quarter earnings call. While this represents a decrease of 14% compared to the prior year, fourth quarter results were principally driven by a higher tax rate and lower COVID-19 program contributions in fiscal 2024, partially offset by a lower share count and growth in U.S. Pharmaceuticals segment. Turning now to our fourth quarter segment results, which can be found on Slides 7 through 11 and starting with U.S. Pharmaceutical. Revenues were $68.8 billion, an increase of 12%, driven by increased prescription volumes, including higher volumes from specialty products, retail national account customers and GLP-1 medications. As we've previously guided, GLP-1 medications continue to show growth year-over-year, but despite this increase, the rate of growth continues to moderate. In the quarter, GLP-1 revenues were $7.5 billion, an increase of approximately $1.5 billion, or 24% compared to fiscal 2023. However, GLP-1 revenues were flat on a sequential basis. For the quarter, operating profit increased 5% to $901 million, driven by growth in the distribution of specialty products to providers and health systems and increased contributions from our generics program.
Britt Vitalone: Thanks for the question, Kevin. I'll start and maybe I'll go in reverse order. Our win of the Optum contract, and we're certainly pleased to extend and expand our partnership, as Brian mentioned, is pharmaceutical related only. As we think about next year, Optum is included in our guide. As you know, we do not specifically talk about customer contract details, and so we have not provided specific contributions for Optum, and we don't intend to do that going forward. This is a recent contract win. We have not incurred any costs yet related to that transition. We do expect that there will be some costs in the transition, but not material and certainly included in our guidance.
Britt Vitalone: Yes. Thanks for the question. I'll start and certainly Brian could add to this. I think when we, we've talked about this segment in the past, there are many different things that go through this segment, one of those being our 3PL business. Our 3PL businesses we talked about in the past is slightly more than half of the revenue. And as I mentioned in my comments, the 3PL performance was lower than the prior year for various customer and contract considerations. We're certainly pleased with what we're seeing in our prior authorization business. We continue to see growth in that business. We continue to see growth in our fiscal fourth quarter as well. We did make a number of investments, as I talked about, and we also made some investments for future years to continue our growth and continue the value that we're providing to our customers. So underlying all of that, we had a very strong year. The business grew on the bottom line 23% year-over-year. So there's great momentum there prior authorization business as part of our access solutions did have growth in the first quarter, but as I mentioned, we had slower 3PL performance and we continue to make some investments into the business for future growth.
Britt Vitalone: Lisa, maybe I'll answer your question. You know, maybe I would just start with just a little bit of a foundation building here. If you think about the U.S. pharma segment, over the last four years, the adjusted operating profit has grown at a compound annual growth rate of about 6%, so really right in the middle of the long-term targets that we provided. There are long-term targets for a reason. It's what we expect as a sustainable growth rate for the segment. We're certainly pleased with the growth that we saw in FY 2024. If you exclude the impact of COVID-related programs in FY 2023, segment grew 12%. So we certainly have a lot of momentum in that business as we enter into FY 2025. As Brian mentioned, we're certainly pleased with the opportunity to serve Optum as well. So this is a business that we've been making a lot of investments in. It's a business that we have some expertise that we're continuing to add to in terms of our sourcing capabilities, providing value back to our customers and we have a lot of momentum in this segment. And so I think the growth rate that we've outlined here for 2025 is a continuation of the momentum that we've seen now over the last several years.
Britt Vitalone: Yes. Thanks for the question. I'll start. So the AOP growth guide that we provided you for FY 2025 is really right in the range of what we've seen for growth over the last four years, maybe just slightly below. We had 16% compound annual growth rate in this business on operating profit since FY 2020. And so the growth rate that we've provided you this year is really kind of right in line with that. And we intend to continue to make investments in this business as we go forward to develop additional solutions and capabilities for our customers. So we expect that our technology, solutions and services will continue to grow as they have over the last few years. The value that we're providing for our partners is continuing to resonate and we see stable prescription growth that's really underpinning a lot of the programs and solutions that we have. And the growth rate that we expect for next year is really in line with what we've been able to deliver over the last several and we'll continue to. As Brian talked about, we'll use our free cash flow to invest in our growth opportunities as we go forward.
Britt Vitalone: Eric, I would just add to that if you think about the strategy that we've executed on over the last several years, we've been very disciplined and focused and really growing our capabilities in oncology and pharma services, including the investments that Brian spoke of in terms of our distribution network. So the breadth of capabilities that we have today is more significant than it was a few years ago. And, the value that we're able to provide now through the investments that we've made through some of the other acquisitions that we've made in, like oncology as an example, we believe that that value is what is attractive and the breadth of capabilities that we have as well.
Britt Vitalone: Yes, nothing really specific to call out there, Stephen. And as it relates to COVID vaccines, as I mentioned, we are lapping the COVID programs that we had last year and from the commercial vaccines perspective, lower contribution than we saw in the third quarter, really a non-material amount of contribution to our fourth quarter results.
Brian Tyler: As it relates to payer and frankly employer behavior as it relates to the coverage of these drugs. I think you've got to probably bifurcate it into diabetes, which is a more mature indication. Weight loss, which is kind of emerging, keep tracking follow on conditions that it may or may not be applicable to, so I think it's in the early days of employers and payers figuring out how to handle this, and across that spectrum, it can be quite different.
Brian Tyler: Thank you, Lisa. I appreciate the question. Look, we're obviously really excited to get the privilege and the opportunity to expand our relationship with Optum. And I think it's a testament to the differentiated services and solutions, the breadth of our diversified healthcare service offerings. Optum itself is a big, complicated entity with lots of services and lots of solutions. So we're really happy to have the opportunity. I do think it's a reflection on the investments that we've made over the past several years and the efficiency of our core operations, our commitment to continuing to make those investments, not just in efficiency, but in innovations and thinking about how we use our tools to solve different problems. This is very much today a distribution agreement. We'll be servicing home delivery, Optum Infusion, Optum Care, The Specialty Pharmacy. So it's very broad with that regard. But I do think it's a reflection of past investments that we've made, not just in distribution, but in the portfolio of capabilities that we offer.
Brian Tyler: Yes. Thank you, Michael. I appreciate that. We talked about many times our cap, our capital allocation strategy, and our first priority in that strategy is to invest, to grow the business, either through internal development and investments in innovation or inorganic opportunities. Certainly, when we look at inorganic opportunities or M&A, we like that to be very, very tightly aligned to our articulated strategy, with the associated proper financial returns of course. And so oncology is one of those growth areas and one of those growth priorities. And being a pretty significant player in the oncology space in general, and leading player in the community oncology space, we're very familiar with a lot of what I would call emerging tools, technologies and companies out there and anywhere that we can find an asset that's aligned to our strategy in community oncology that we think is additive to either the footprint that we have in U.S. oncology or our leading EMR, or our ads capability to our data insight business or accelerates clinical trials would be very much a sweet spot for us. And Britt actually referenced in his comments some internal stuff we're doing around AI, and we have made some small acquisitions in the past that bring us capabilities in this area that are helping us improve our interface with patients, our efficiency in serving those patients, and improving the practice quality or the lifestyle basically, of our oncologists. That practice is part of U.S. oncology, and we think that part of the overall formula that's been really supporting and enabling, well, quite frankly, the record growth that we had last year.
Brian Tyler: Thanks, Eric. Well, look, I'm not going to comment much on the competitive set, but I can say, you know, we have made pretty significant investments in the business and to modernize our distribution infrastructure. Think about cold chain and how you handle cold chain efficiently, have a highly compliant distribution network. We certainly have scale, and in this business, I've been in this business 28 years, and scale does tend to help. But I really come back to the fact that we've made the investments in core distribution excellence. We clearly understand this piece of the market quite well, and that we think of ourselves as a solution oriented, value-added kind of partner and try to paint a broad picture of not just what we could do if we had a relationship, but how we could grow that relationship through time using an array of the capabilities represented within McKesson.
Brian Tyler: Yes, so I'll start and if Britt wants to add anything, he can. I mean, we have a pretty differentiated set of assets in this business. Multiple scaled networks is what we call them, which includes connectivity into provider workflow. And we very much fundamentally think part of our job is to continue to innovate off of those, to both enhance the value and the return our products provide to biopharma and to continue to solve new problems for them. So we have historically always invested in this business, and when we see an opportunity ahead of us, we are not afraid to increase that investment to run at that, because we think these differentiated assets allow us to solve problems in unique ways. Most of this investment has been in technology, and that's probably about all I would say.
Brian Tyler: Sure. I mean, in many ways we thought of Compile as a foundational data investment for us, and we liked the business by itself. But we also thought given some of the other data sets, transaction sets that reside in the company, we could augment and add and accelerate that. We chose a first use case in the medical business where we have, extensive, hundreds of thousands of relationships with providers and data that complement their already strong provider data service offering. So we think we can both augment that and unlock unique value because of the footprint and reach in Med-Surg and so we're making an investment into that thesis.
Brian Tyler: Thanks for that question. I can answer that. The growth that we're seeing next year on the top line is more accelerated growth in our 3PL business. As we've talked about before, the 3PL business generally represents a little more than half of the revenue in the segment, but less than 10% of the adjusted operating profit. So as we expect to win some additional business next year and see some of our customers continue to grow, that revenue will be faster rate than we've seen in prior years. And given the mix that that represents in this segment is, driving faster top line again at a lower margin rate on the bottom line from that particular business, 3PL business. So the underlying technology businesses are continuing to grow in a consistent manner and we're really pleased with the growth that we're seeing there. What you're seeing is a mix impact in FY 2025 from the 3PL business.
Brian Tyler: Sure. Happy to answer that question. As we think about the pricing environment for branded products, it is going to be, our anticipation is to be very consistent with what we've seen in the past several years, so stable and competitive branded price environment. In the generic space, again, we look to drive value for our customers through our sourcing operations, looking to drive the lowest cost at the highest availability supply. And we believe that the, in our outlook for FY 2025, we expect to see a competitive and stable environment in the generic space as well. So we don't see a lot of changes in the environment for both branded and generics pricing in our outlook versus FY 2024. And we anticipate that we can continue to drive good value in the generic space for our customers.
Brian Tyler: Hey well, thanks again everyone for joining our call this evening. We appreciate your ongoing interest and support of McKesson. I want to thank you, operator for facilitating the call. McKesson reported solid performance in fiscal 2024. I'm really pleased with the momentum across the segments and the continued commitment to our company's priorities. Looking ahead to 2025, I remain confident in our ability to consistently execute against our strategies which will support and sustain growth in the long term. We're excited about the opportunity to grow with our customers, to drive innovation through our differentiated portfolio of services and solutions. But most importantly, it's in service of our mission to advance, improve healthcare in every setting. I appreciate everyone’s time. I hope you have a terrific evening.
