Britt Vitalone: Yes, Eric, thanks for that question. I'll start and then certainly I'll let Brian add on to that. You really touched on a lot of the factors that we look at when we think about this segment. As I mentioned we've seen continued stable and strong utilization trends that certainly drives transactions which are services benefit from. Secondly, we've seen continued growth in GLP-1 medications as an example and our services primarily prior authorization support those programs that we've seen a growth from that aspect. As I mentioned in my remarks, there are a number of things that can create some variability and certainly can drive the segment from a revenue and operating profit perspective and you touched on a few of those. As I mentioned, prescription utilization is one of those. Certainly the timing and the pace and the trajectory of drug launches, GLP-1 category being one of those drug launch categories and certainly the timing of other programs like the annual verification programs that we do for our customers in the fourth quarter. So we've seen good stable utilization trends. We've seen new drug launches like categories like GLP-1 medications that utilize the successful prior authorization programs that we have and we've certainly seen revenue and operating profit trend in a similar manner to that.
Britt Vitalone: Sure. I appreciate the question. Let me just go back to some of my earlier comments because I think that these are questions. First of all, we continue to provide distribution services to Rite Aid as we have for over 20 years and we're proud to be a distributor for Rite Aid and their customers. We did record a provision in the third quarter for those sales that we considered the uncollected trade accounts receivable as of September 30, that's the $210 million that I referenced. We anticipate an additional provision that will be recorded in our third quarter for those sales up until they're back to their bankruptcy filing and that's the $511 million. We have an interim agreement in place that is still pending final court approval and that interim agreement has different credit terms. They have shorter credit terms of seven days. There are other aspects to the interim agreement, but the key thing for this call for this group is that those credit terms are on 70 terms, which are different than what we had in the previous agreement.
Britt Vitalone: Thank you for the question, but I'm not sure what you're referring to, you used the word gains. As we think about our operating expenses, we have great operating expense discipline and the efficiency of our operations allows us to drive operating margin leverage. We've been able to do that for a long period of time. The success that we've seen in many of our segments really has allowed us to continue to reinvest back into the business. Brian just mentioned what we've been doing at Rx Savings Solutions or I should say RxTS where we've been reinvesting to drive additional programs and capabilities for our customers. But as I mentioned in my comments, we've also been investing in distribution network capabilities, additional automation and regulatory capabilities that we're going to benefit not only our operations but our customers. We're also investing in data and analytics. We think that's going to be important to drive the efficiency of our operations, the capabilities for our customers. So you should expect to see us continue to deliver operating margin leverage, but to continue to invest against our programs, our capabilities on behalf of those efficiencies and our customers.
Britt Vitalone: And Eric, I would just also point out that we are extremely well positioned across all ultra-sites of care and the confidence that we have in that position to service our customers, we're continuing to make investments and I talked about some of the investments that we are making not only in distribution capabilities in the network, but also in data and analytics to help support our customers and the product portfolio that we provide to them. So we have a lot of confidence in the position and the capabilities that we have and the investments that we're making are a reflection of that.
Britt Vitalone: Yes, it's a great question, Dan. I think for modeling purposes, I would guide you to model something very similar in terms of growth rates to the second quarter.
Britt Vitalone: Yes, I'll take the second one Brian. As it relates to your question on the restructuring, we did incur certain charges in the fourth quarter of our fiscal 2023. We also incurred additional restructuring charges in the first half of fiscal 2024. And so we're still in the process of finalizing the programs and the savings that we have are contemplated within our guidance. So the fact that we started this program in fiscal fourth quarter of 2023, continued the program really taking charges and organizing and integrating through the first half of 2024 and we certainly haven't seen all of the benefits from those programs to this point in time.
Britt Vitalone: Sure, Brian. Thanks for the question Erin. As it relates to generics, our focus continues to be on a strong sourcing program combined with discipline on the sell side. We've been operating in a competitive but stable environment now for a number of years really and we're really not seeing any different in the second quarter from what we've seen in the previous several quarters before that. We're able to procure generics very competitively on behalf of our customers and we focused on stability of supply at the same time. So from a generics perspective, our programs are running very well. We feel very well positioned to continue to procure at a low cost and stable supply for our customers and the environment is conducive to us being able to do that.
Brian Tyler: Yes. The only thing I would add to that Britt is that if you look at the growth in the trajectory the segment has had historically we continue to also reinvest in product extensions, new product enhancements, new products overall. We're excited about this segment. We're excited about the assets that we have and we want to make sure we continue to invest into this segment to protect future growth as well. And all those investments are reflected in our FY '24 outlook.
Brian Tyler: And we do think macro trends support the continued migration of care into these alternate sites or these more community based settings. So we are well positioned.
Brian Tyler: And I think the second part of the question was on M&A. Clearly, one of our top priorities for capital deployment is to support the growth and the differentiated capabilities we have in our segments to continue to extend that growth. And so we are and continue to be active on the M&A front. Now we have a very structured and disciplined way we approach that. First is it's got to be aligned to our stated strategy and particularly our growth pillars. And so if you look at recent activities like Rx Saving Solutions or Sarah Cannon joint venture, obviously both very, very tied to our stated growth priorities. And then the second step of that process is to layer over a lens of financial discipline. We have many uses for capital, some internal investment and efficiencies and technologies and tools. Obviously, we have share repurchase hurdles that we can meet. So we bring a lot of financial discipline to the acquisition process to ensure that we're getting good returns for shareholders as we deploy that capital. So it's on strategy and has the appropriate financial return. We're very interested and we continue to develop our business development funnels.
Brian Tyler: So the first, I think your first question was as it relates to RxTS and this opening new avenues, I would just remind you RxTS is connected to 900,000 providers today and 50,000 plus pharmacies today. So we've had a long established relationship with them and I think we've been well known for quite a long time in that arena. So I don't think that we'd see anything material there. And then your second question was as relates to a competitor ordering challenges, I'm not really not going to get into the issues a competitor might have. I don't think -- we've spent a little bit of time talking about the trends that we saw in the Medical-Surgical business and reviewed those trends and I think those stand for themselves.
Brian Tyler: When we talk about our oncology business, we talk about it as an ecosystem, everything from distribution to GPO services to iMed EMR, to community to [indiscernible] to the SCRI joint venture. So there's a lot, a lot of components that go into that. I think what we have provided in terms of sense of scale and scope is 2400 plus providers operating in 27 states seeing roughly 15 plus percent of all cancer patients in the in the community settings, so I hope that helps you get an order of magnitude.
Brian Tyler: Okay. Is that our last question? Great. Well, thank you everybody for the questions, for your interest in McKesson and certainly for joining our call today. Thank you operator for helping facilitate the call. I want to conclude by just reiterating McKesson delivered solid second quarter results. We saw continued momentum across the business and we're confident in our ability to deliver sustained long-term growth. As a diversified healthcare services company, we've made significant progress advancing our company priorities. And lastly and importantly, I want to make sure that I thank the McKesson team for all their contributions. It's incredibly humbling and proud to be able to leave the talented and dedicated team. Thanks again everybody. I hope you all have a terrific evening.
