James Beer: Yes. I just had that in Q3 the profit contribution from branded manufacturer price inflation was really quite weak. That was real holding back in terms of manufacturers taking price increases and that certainly held was a material driver in our Q3 EPS result. As John saying, we are seeing a different situation playing out in Q4 thus far so our expectation is when you look at the back-half and then the full-year, we are able to continue to forecast what we had said previously about branded inflation being in that mid to high single-digit range. So, certainly a soft Q3 but it appears to be stronger in Q4.
James Beer: And then the other day I were just -- reinforced the third quarter that impacted the results were these two non-recurring items that I referred to in my text, the total $60 million in profit contribution. So, that was certainly an important drive as well.
James Beer: Well, as you mentioned we don't break out the profit by geography. I think the way to think about it is that we had gone into this fiscal year with a view of what might happen from a reimbursement perspective in the UK and then we very quickly realized that UK reimbursement environment was going to be more difficult. And I think ourselves and others talked about the challenge that put in front of us and I think we have done a really good job of now understanding what that effect is on that business and working hard to offset it to grow and to grow through it. I think the thing that became surprise obviously at the end of the year here for us in the back-half was both these onetime items as well as the view that independent generic pricing environment was going to be a bit difficult for us. I don't, I think other than that it's probably difficult for us to provide you more nuance guidance other than cleanly having two markets that are significant to us being negatively impacted simultaneously and then in addition having the inflation environment and brand being below what we had expected at the beginning of the year both played into it weaker than we had expected certainly quarter end and obviously the year as well.
James Beer: Yes. We are happy with the growth in those markets. I think the team is beginning to expand beyond just sort of the retail pharmacy business into other areas of opportunities or encouraged by that and the acquisitions we have made have been well executed and are delivering that real value. So, we talked about the revenue growth on the call but you look under the covers if you take out the UK reimbursement challenge, the business is performing well.
James Beer: Well, I'd say couple of things. The way that we have been seeing generic inflation playing out obviously that's on a very small subset of the overall molecule base that has continued to be in line with our expectations very similar, so the story of the last couple of conference calls.
James Beer: Well, I think to your first part of your question, we are working actively with the manufacturers to make sure that we have our line of sight to the economics that are appropriate for the service that we provide. I think the manufacturers very much appreciate the work that we do and certainly have a willingness to fund our business model and to help us manage their business in a way that's more efficient frankly for them. And so, we are excited to continue to play that role. And with many of our manufacturer relationships, our economics have been properly set for a long time in the vehicle that we have been using to be paid. And that is risky as a price increase vehicle might be as the method by which we would be paid the piece that we deserve. And so, to your point, to the extent that we have been dependent on price increases as a funding mechanism with a manufacturer who is no longer on their own taking those price increases will certainly go back to them and because of that behavior change, worked and negotiated a relationship that gives us as I said our compensation. On the second front, it was difficult for us to predict when manufacturers are going to have price increases. Whether they are going to have one or two or more, what the rate of increase will be, are they say going to, if they say they're going to have one and they are going to have all the ones at the same time or are they going to have multiple on these products at different times of year or different products at different times during the year. So, I think it is a little bit of black box to your point. From a modeling perspective, it's probably a little premature for us to give you a view as to how we are going to think about the quarterly progression of our profitability and clearly when we are on our conference call in May to the extend we have better visibility we will try to help you not only understand that the risk we still have in our model which we try to outline at the beginning of every fiscal year with our assumptions but we'll try to also try to help you understand how price increase behavior quarter-to-quarter may create variability or risk.
James Beer: So, the $60 million with the two items recorded in Q3, so yes that's the an important element in bridging through to the full-year guide. So, that is something I particularly do want to emphasize. That's correct.
James Beer: One was a resolution of a customer contract that had related to a variety of years going back in time so certainly something that I think of as a onetime type item. And the other was an accounting reserve that we believe was appropriate to take again around receivables in the certain segment of the business within distribution solutions. So we feel as though we are being appropriately conservative around those reserves.
James Beer: And in Claris 1, I wouldn't expect that to be material contributor in Q4. I think that will help us in FY 18. 
James Beer: I am not again to sort of offer a specific guide around that as John was alluding to the expect, it's going to be at the sort of the full run rate in Q4 and we saw significant majority of that same effect in Q3, but there was a certain movement downward during the quarter after we had last spoken to you on this call.
James Beer: And George, I think some people probably don't fully understand that we priced the generics, every day we are pricing generics. So to forecast where the generic profitability will for our customer base next year is probably difficult. Obviously, Clais 1 will have an effect on us from a buying perspective and we set our sell prices on the generic space so that our customer get a competitive price and a fair price but that is a bit of a moving target I don't want you to think that our pricing has been “locked in” and sometime form us a lake way, it really is responsive to market conditions.
James Beer: Yes, I would just add that obviously was still going through however FY 18 planning process. As I think about the discussions we have had on these three conference calls of this fiscal year obviously we’ve ended up having to talk about different things in a more detailed manner to be able lay out the underlying drivers of the results and we will take that perspective into how we think about discussing our guide as well. So I think that does logically expand the variables that we have traditionally talked about when we have done the May earnings calls just because we have been expanding all the discussions during the last three conference calls with you.
James Beer: Well, we certainly continue to light the portfolio approach to capital allocation that we have deployed for a number of years. Obviously in the last quarter, we did a goodly amount of both M&A as represented by the rightful transaction as well as share buyback. Today we have announced the acquisition of Cover my meds. So, I think that's an illustrative we continue to see opportunities to deploy capital to M&A that we believe can generate long term cash flow profit growth and build the strategic capability of the company. That said, we aptly through the cash flow generation and that's of course giving us more flexibility to take advantage as I think we have in this last quarter with a quite large share buyback action. At a time we are not stocks trading at a relatively low multiple.
James Beer: No, I would expect that we will be closing the transaction during this quarter and it will be appropriate to update you at that time.
James Beer: Well, I am not sort of those details, so it maybe a press release. We will see how things play out in the next three or four weeks.
John Hammergren: Well, I think you have the first half of that assumption correct. It ended up being a little lower than what we had built into our previous guidance and when the price for our customers was set at the end of the quarter we ended up producing less profitability than we had anticipated but clearly the units we covered and our relationship with our customers improved as we went throughout the quarter. So, I think we have got that issue behind at this point at least today and I think it's just a question of making an estimate early in the quarter when we are still in the process of implementing our reaction to those pockets of increased competition.
John Hammergren: And I would just add that while obviously we have seen those challenges in the UK market around reimbursement, we haven't seen similar things playing out in other European countries for Celesio, those have been tracking very much along the lines of our expectation during the year.
John Hammergren: In terms of the generic deflation environment which is obviously the norm in this part of the marketplace across the across the complete sways of molecules. We continue to gain see nothing as normal here that's having material impact on the business model, so very much adequate system with what we have been saying overall this year.
John Hammergren: Clearly we have great visibility to our customers demand from us and we have a great visibility to the mix of products that they order and just the relationship overall. As I mentioned in my prepared comments, with our customer base, we saw our recovery in both units and frankly added to it related to their long-term partnership with us and we've retained our relationship and our business for those stores. That's an indication that the pricing decision that we made in the quarter and talked about in the previous call was appropriate and then the price that we set at the end of the process in the quarter was the appropriate price otherwise we would have not seen that customer retention or that unit recovery. So, I hesitate to say that pricing isn't a fluid environment but we typically don't see these large pockets of price competition in our basic customers and we seemed to have resolved that with the actions we took earlier in the quarter. And I think lastly what I would say is that I think the estimate we made early was more informed as we got through the process and it was more of an estimate as we started the process and so to answer your question about continued heightened or unusual competition in our independent customer base we believe has largely subsided because of the actions we take.
John Hammergren: First of all, I'd like to maybe clarify a point about the contracts being 90:10 as opposed to the income being 90:10. So, when James and I talk about 90:10 ratio on profit from branded manufacturer, that's really how the dollars result out of those relationships. We shouldn't take it to mean that 90% of our contracts are fixed and 10% of our contracts aren't.
John Hammergren: And secondly, we have an ongoing discussion with our partners as you might imagine. And it is a good relationship and I believe that the dollar value of the service we provide is where our conversations typically are focused. Now it's obviously drive by a multiple of revenue or throughput through our business but the dollars are what fund are activity. And so, if there were to be a dramatic change in the way our partners price their products and your description is going from the gross price to a net of rebates price, we clearly would only be happy if we could cover the same dollar result out of that new matrix as opposed to a different kind of relationship. So, I think that the likelihood of that happening number one is slim and second if it were to happen we currently would actively renegotiate our contracts to create a mirror image result that we have today with the different set of multipliers or factories involved. At least that’s where I would attempt to reconcile.
John Hammergren: Pretty a good bunch of questions Lisa, but let me start, I will have James jump in if I miss something. Clearly there might be a little bit of a tail of continued lap negative on the independent pricing just because as I mentioned our estimate on the last call was slightly higher than where it actually netted when we set the price and that netting process probably left us a month or weeks off in the full quarter effects in Q3 if that makes sense to you. As you go into Q4 there is a little missing hole there on that net price affect on the independent business. The branded price inflation I think that is, what’s early in this quarter to call it but I would say that we believe that on the back half guide for branded price inflation we are going to be in pretty good shape. We didn't have much in our expectations around generic price increases and then we had these onetime items that James referred to a few moments ago. James.
John Hammergren: So, I would expect the lapping effect that you are referring to in the first half of the year just a little bit into A Q3 as well because system was what I was saying just a moment ago.
John Hammergren: I am certainly sympathetic to the difficultly in terms of understanding the dynamics of our business. I think that I will let James jump in here little bit on the whole forecasting and what we might provide you in terms of view as we get into next fiscal year. I will say however that the business is always complex and they are lots of moving parts to it and they always have the lots and moving parts. The challenge that we have this fiscal year in particular is it that the moving parts are moving negative on us simultaneously and usually you have things that are offsetting in the business so we don't end up with as you said the challenge and forecasting because we have generally offset some of the negative things with more positive things and unfortunately this year we haven't had that type of dynamic.
John Hammergren: Well clearly, we are trying to build our capabilities so to your point the value proposition we delivered to them hopefully year in and year out is increasing in value. And frankly the Cover my meds discussion we had in the beginning of this call is a very positive example of where we are deploying capital to help our manufacturers particularly the branded manufacturers the revenue side of their P&L which frankly is probably a lot more important to them then the basis point side of their P&L where they pay us and I think that - the ability for us to get people on their meds to reduce the friction associated with getting prescription filled and to keep people on their meds after they have been prescribed and to reduce the administrative cost associated with payers and pharmacies dealing with patients and physicians who are trying to get prescriptions filled will be very helpful and has proven to be very helpful. And clearly, we have done the same thing on our U.S. oncology business where we are no longer just necessarily a commodity wholesaler trying to sell oncology products, but we are a company that can truly partner with the physician to change the character of their practice and the profitability of their practice. So, you will see us continue to do that and on the specific issue of the fee structure with manufacturers, clearly if we have been working alongside them for years and developed a relationship around being paid through price inflation, I think it's fair for us to go back and ask them when they have changed their behavior not related to us to go back to them and ask them to pay us a different way if they are no longer going to use our price increases as the funding mechanism for their wholesale relationship. So, we are going to be successful as rapidly as we want and we are going to be 100% successful not yet to be seen but that clearly is our objective adding more value and making sure that we strike a bargain where they can feel fair the composition we have asked for is fair.
John Hammergren: And certainly, we don't have a public call. Obviously, the IR team is available to help address questions if it's not clear from the press release.
John Hammergren: I want to thank you, I know, for your help today and I want to thank all of you on the call for your time today. We continue to focus on the success of our customers and the value we deliver everyday and we look forward to updating you on our fiscal 2018 outlook when we provide you our fourth quarter earnings results in May. So thank you and good-bye.
