John H. Hammergren: Well, we were really pleased with the performance of the Distribution Solutions segment in the quarter, and we continue to have strength, really, across the board. You saw nice revenue growth in the business. Clearly, the PSS integration is going well for us, which has been additive to the performance in that business, but the real strength is really coming still out of our generics business. Our OneStop revenues were up nicely. The share of wallet we're getting from our customers who are relying more and more on our generic capabilities and now depending on us to source the right products at the right price for them has been very helpful. And clearly, the position we have with those manufacturers continues to improve. I think we've really built very positive, trusting relationships. And inflation continues to be an important part. So it's too early to call it trend change in generic inflation, but clearly, some moderation has occurred and it's been helpful. And it's still positive relative to our original expectations.
John H. Hammergren: I don't think we saw a lot of changes in the way that branded manufacturers behaved in our portfolio, the way we've established our agreements. Having said that, there may have been some slight move into our third quarter and out of our fourth quarter. I think that our -- we clearly believe that the inflation moderation is going to continue as we look into our fourth quarter, and we also have some follow-on expense in our MTS segment, as I talked about in our -- in my prepared comments. This Meaningful Use 3 thing for us is -- it was a real critical change. It pushed out our customers' implementation and we were able to, through the charge, reduce a significant amount of the investment we had sitting there, waiting to do these service implementations with our customers. But there is still remaining investment built in services and in R&D as we try to prepare ourselves for whenever the MU3 thing gets put in place for us. So I think it's a combination of sort of that moderation on the generics side to some degree in the fourth quarter, as well as the MTS business will have this kind of follow-on expense associated with MU3 and some other things that we've got going on there.
John H. Hammergren: Well, we've been actively working for almost a decade on helping our customers realize the value, both from our sourcing, as well as our logistics efforts, and we believe that we are sourcing as well now as almost any one, and Celesio is going to help us improve even more, as we add that volume. And in particular, the retail footprint that, that brings along with it. I think the dynamic with our customers is also a focus on how to get supply chain efficiency. And [Audio Gap] wholesale channel is not -- has not proven to be the most logistically favorable way to do it. There's added costs on not only the buying and procurement side, but you could also certainly envision the increment of cost when it goes into our customers' warehouses, and then they have to handle the product and get it back out, when we're already in those stores every day, anyway, with the delivery of the other product that we have been selling them. So I think there's an increased appreciation at the executive level within our customers to look at those costs and to look also at the changing global world of generic sourcing and increased interest in focusing on McKesson. And I think what's great about the relationship that we've created here with the acquisition of Celesio, is it allows us to continue to have tremendous transparency into the supply chain. It gives us really total control of our own destiny, and it allows us to maintain those close partnerships with our manufacturing partners so that we can continue to have visibility to the opportunity, bring those opportunities to our customers and present them in a way that is compelling relative to them moving their internal sourcing of generics over to McKesson.
John H. Hammergren: I guess, Ricky, I would remind you that McKesson has a very large generics portfolio consisting of thousands of products. And to put this inflation thing into context, the inflation is really coming from a very small subset of our total portfolio of products and a small subset of the manufacturers. With regards to Ranbaxy, I believe the industry is well aware of the work the FDA has been doing. They've increased their funding and their staffing to do critical inspections, and although I certainly feel bad for the Ranbaxy folks relative to this, I think McKesson is aware of this increased scrutiny and trying to make sure that we are availing ourselves of a wide enough supply chain so that we have access to the products. And I do not expect any of the recent situation with one of the Ranbaxy plants in India to have an impact on our delivery to our customers, nor an impact on our view of inflation going forward.
John H. Hammergren: Well, we've seen a trend over time with generic pricing. It used to be a deflationary headwind we had to deal with year-on-year. And as that began to moderate, it clearly made the year-on-year effect easier. With an inflation environment like we experienced this year, clearly, it was a surprise to us that this would occur to the magnitude that it has. And as you think about our thinking going forward, it could provide a headwind for us, depending on what your view of ongoing generic inflation might be. Clearly, the offsets to that will be to get more and more folks buying off of our generic portfolio. Additional offsets will be the power of what we're doing with Northstar and our sourcing there. And clearly, our global sourcing initiatives are going to get additional fuel or accelerant as we put the Celesio teams together with the McKesson teams to approach the market on a global basis. And also, as you think about FY '13, we have a brand-to-generic trend that moves in our favor again. This was really the lull year for generic conversions, and I think, as you think about next year, we'll see that pick back up again.
John H. Hammergren: Well, we have a great book of business, and we have been able, over the years, to take a great deal of the responsibility for delivering generics to our independents on -- is one of our key requirements. As you know, Tom, you've been following us for some time, we've been moving up the food chain with bigger and bigger customers testing us from a generic perspective and coming to the conclusion that we do in fact do the best job for them relative to generic pricing and generic service and generic availability. I think that, that movement is continuing. Our very largest customers still purchase generics on their own. And clearly, that would be a very large opportunity for us as we continue to build a compelling vision for what that might mean for them.
John H. Hammergren: The independents in both Europe and here in the United States have been very positive about the announced Celesio acquisition, and now they're even more positive on the view that it's going to close here in a few weeks. And I think they believe that not only will they be able to enjoy continued great service and price on generics, but there are obviously tremendous retail experience that comes with Celesio, through the management of Lloyds Pharmacies, as well as the many banner stores that they support throughout Europe to continue to find ways to bundle our capabilities effectively for our independent customers. I'd also point out that none of our customers in Europe or here see the merger of McKesson and Celesio as a conflict of interest on their side. They don't feel threatened by it. They don't see it as something that's against their ultimate goals, and they don't see it as a competitive action in any way. So I think from a discussion perspective, we don't have any conflict of interest relative to what our motives are. And I think they continue to look at this in a favorable way, Ross.
John H. Hammergren: I would say that our view in the quarter was pretty consistent with our going-in thoughts as we developed our plans for the year. So I -- given that it hasn't been brought to my attention and when I asked the question to our team, there might have been some nominal changes in behavior. But as a portfolio, the price really came in close to what our expectations were.
John H. Hammergren: Well, clearly, we have picked up a bunch of new customers in Canada, and we've been very selective on those new relationships. One of our competitors exited Canada through the sale of their business to another competitor in Canada, and some of the customers that were serviced by that competitor were open to a conversation with McKesson. And as a result, we've been able to grow our business. I might also say that our specialty business in Canada, which we believe is market-leading, continues to grow very nicely. And so we've been encouraged by that continued penetration in that part of our book.
John H. Hammergren: It's probably difficult to parse out, Lisa. There are public numbers on market growth rates in Canada, but I think, clearly, we believe that we've had a significant increase in revenue as a result of our customer wins in the Canadian marketplace.
John H. Hammergren: Charles, that's a good question. I think the way I think about it is that the -- first of all, you see through these combinations that scale really matters and that wholesalers really matter. We are an integral part, even in the largest customer set, of the value proposition and the service offering that's brought to the marketplace. So I think the industry overall and wholesaling has done a very good job of continuing to add significant value. And changing our model over time so we remain vibrant and viable and in the middle of a very important industry and earn our position every day. I would say, relative to structures, we have not had great success at McKesson creating joint ventures that are sustainable, that -- where interests are always combined and unified. And usually, we end up with a situation where they collapse under their own complexity or they have some problem with one venture partner trying to optimize against another. So we're not really inclined to enter joint ventures, although I'd say that -- with the caveat of clearly, we'll listen to the opportunity and make a decision. I would say that with respect to our largest customers, we hope to continue to evolve our value proposition so that the economics that are afforded to them through our OneStop program or through custom-developed programs, that they'll buy off of our portfolio and that, that transaction will make sense for us and for them without the complexity of some type of a venture structure which could be difficult to manage.
John H. Hammergren: I can only speak for McKesson's large customers. I would say that without exception, they all buy some generics from us. Given the frequency with which we deliver to the stores, our position has always been to help our customers from a service perspective. Clearly, many of them have their own warehouses and do their own buying as well for certain sets of products. And how they reach a decision as to which they buy for themselves and which they buy through us may not be totally transparent to us. I would assume it would usually be from an economic perspective, they would make that decision. Our job is to wrap the value proposition of our complete relationship with the customer, which should include brand, generic, our service offering, our automation systems, our warehousing capabilities, to make it compelling for them to discontinue their own purchasing. And we've been effective at doing that all the way up to our largest customers. And I think that it's our responsibility to continue to evolve our programs so we can earn the privilege of serving their needs from a generic perspective in a more holistic way.
John H. Hammergren: Thanks, George, for the question. Northstar clearly is around the globe looking at opportunities to bring product into our supply chain. And I think that the visibility we get through Northstar enhances our view of the opportunities that exist globally for us, as well as some of the challenges that may exist, whether it's plant closures, limited supply of raw materials or other issues that may come along. And I think that Northstar experience helps inform all of McKesson from a sourcing perspective in a very positive way. We have launched a variant of Northstar into Canada with success, and that product continues to build its position in Canada, that product line. And I believe, and so do our new partners at Celesio, that there are opportunities to explore with our generic portfolio in Europe. And clearly, Northstar will be a part of that.
John H. Hammergren: Thank you, David, for the questions. I think that it's probably difficult to characterize the 14 countries in Celesio's book in one way. I would say it really matters which country you're thinking about relative to the way generics are purchased today, how they're contracted for, whether the payers are involved or the government is involved. I would say that we've carefully mapped out the positions by country, by manufacturers. We understand where we think these synergies might fall for us. And clearly, our guidance to synergies and how we talked about it when we first announced the deal, all of those factors remain in place. So I think that -- we believe there are places where we can go across the borders with a more unified approach. And I'm sorry, David, I forgot the second question you asked.
John H. Hammergren: That's another good question. Our German operation or the German operation under Celesio in that market has -- there has been public discussion about the wholesaling pricing in that market, just to be clear about what pricing -- at least I think I'm talking about. The wholesalers in that market have been in a competitive battle with each other for some time. I think that the Celesio people, on their last public conference call, characterized it as stabilizing but not improving. I don't think I want to make any additional comment other than that. But clearly, that's what their view was the last time they spoke publicly about it.
John H. Hammergren: Well, it's in our Technology business, and I have to say, it's a relatively small part of our portfolio. We do think it's important. We've been impressed with what the Redbrick people have to provide, but it won't really be anything material for McKesson at our scale.
John H. Hammergren: Sure, Robert. Thank you for the question. We have not contemplated our guidance for next year yet. As you know, we'll do that when we report our fourth quarter results in April. I believe that -- our view, however, as a company is that margin expansion is a priority. And clearly, as you see the P&L flow this quarter, we like to grow revenues in line with the market, or maybe faster if we can get a bigger share of our customer's spend, which is what we've been focused on with our generics. We like to get a very positive drop to our gross profit lines by managing our pricing carefully in the marketplace. So we are not giving it all away. And then clearly, we want to manage our expenses very carefully as well so that we can drop it to the bottom line. And that's what delivers a great business and a great business model. I see no reason to believe that we can't continue to focus on gross margin as a top priority. I don't see any negative mix change occurring in our business, and I think generics continue to be a propellant across the board if you think about our sourcing. And if you think about next year, we have another brand-to-conversion cycle, which will be helpful to us from a margin expansion perspective. It remains a priority. And as we -- hopefully, as I keep telling Paul Julian, when you get past the 250, we'll come up with a new goal for you, which he's always excited to discuss.
John H. Hammergren: I'm glad you brought up PSS. We have just a terrific franchise -- or I should say Med-Surg. We just have a terrific franchise and completing the PSS acquisition was an important step to market leadership in almost all -- in fact, all of the segments that we serve now in Medical. That integration is going very well. You saw the strength in the revenue, but I believe that those businesses' underlying growth, setting aside the acquisition, are all growing at or above the marketplace. And those are places where our value proposition really stands unique, and I think we have the ability to continue to grow share in home care, long-term care and our physician office business.
John H. Hammergren: Well, it's probably a little premature for me to speculate on it, given that -- I think we need to do a close diagnostic on what position we are in, in each one of these markets and how well we're positioned to take on additional work in those markets. Celesio is a composite of 14 countries that are all managed in a very discreet way, and I would think each one of these countries should provide additional opportunities. So we have both an execution challenge we'd have to understand if we were to bring on additional acquisitions. And clearly, we have a balance sheet constraint that we've put in place that says we're not going to lose our investment grade, and we're going to manage our cash flow very carefully. So with those 2 caveats, I think we're open to acquisitions, into doing things, but we're not going to do it in a way that disturbs our integration plans at Celesio, and we're not going to do it in a way that would integrate -- or risk our investment grade rating.
John H. Hammergren: Great. Thank you, Lisa, and thanks to all of you for being on the call today. I'm really pleased with the operating performance of our business and excited about the future and our acquisition of Celesio. We're bringing on a great management team, a great group of employees and a great asset that will help us really build our company as we go forward. And I look forward to welcoming those teams as I travel throughout Europe in the next several months. This platform is important to us, and it's important to our customers. I'm now going to hand the call off to Erin for her upcoming review of upcoming events.
James A. Beer: The other thing I would just add to that is, of course, tax rate that I mentioned for the full year. We are looking at that 36.5% tax rate. So you have to bear that in mind as well.
James A. Beer: Yes. Certainly, the fourth quarter is traditionally a strong operating cash flow quarter for us, in part as a result of the timing of a lot of the brand price increases that we traditionally see. So in terms of the financing for Celesio, we have the view that we would have at least $1 billion or so of cash available offshore, and then we would obviously draw on the bridge for the balance of our needs, those needs, of course, are dependent upon the timing of the remaining 25% or so of the Celesio shares that we acquire. So we'll see how we play out in terms of that remaining 1/4 or so of the shares. That will help us define the eventual amount of permanent debt that we would put in place once we pay off the bridge.
James A. Beer: No. There's nothing that we're implying as to the fourth quarter or one-time nature or anything like that. Really, the 3 drivers I would ask you to really focus are obviously the Canada tax, $0.52; the technology charges of $0.18; and then the impact of the tax run rate, which is both partly driven by that Canada tax item, but also as a result of a change in our income mix with distribution business representing a greater proportion of the total profitability of McKesson.
James A. Beer: Yes, that's the rate for the full year, and that includes the impact of the Canadian tax matter that I talked about.
James A. Beer: Yes. The tender process we're doing -- envisage taking about 4 weeks, and then you'd have an additional 2-week period, very similar to actually the structure of the original tender, whereby additional people could tender their shares during that extra 2-week period. And then we have already issued our intent to go through a domination hearing. That will take some time. There are a few steps that we have to go through to be able to get to that hearing. First of all, we have to go through a valuation process. And then we also have to give 6 weeks' notice to call an annual general meeting at which the domination process would be heard. So that will take a few months, but we would still expect to be on track to reach domination towards the end of the first half of our fiscal 2015. And of course, it's at that point in time where we can really start work on the synergy case. That's the point of time in which we have operating control of Celesio.
