Jeff Campbell: Well, I guess I'd make two comments on that, Tom. For the year, as you recall, the assumption we had on branded price increases to the modest extent they still impact our P&L, was that the price increases would run pretty much in line with what we saw in the prior year. We're only 90 days in, but I'd say 90 days in, that still seems like a reasonable assumption to us. You are correct that there's always some quarterly differences and timing in terms of when some of our compensation from the branded manufacturers comes in. When you look at the June quarter we just ended, just due to timing, it was down from the prior year, but actually a little bit better than we had originally anticipated when, way back in May, I first made some directional comments about what we thought our June quarter results would be.
Jeff Campbell: Again, there's also quarterly volatility on the inventory side. I think what's important to note here is that we actually had a very good cash flow quarter, probably a little bit better than we had anticipated. And so while you saw the DSIs up a little bit, you see the days sales and payables up by a little greater amount. That's really just the timing of when we made certain buys, and you see that in the fact that both of those rose fairly equally and will probably both work down fairly equally as we go through the next couple of months.
Jeff Campbell: So let me, John, I'll take the mechanics of our share calculation, and then you can talk a little bit about the broader questions. On the mechanics of the shares, Bob. So as you'll see in our Q, the actual number of shares outstanding on June 30 was about a little over 261 million. Of course, our fully diluted share calculation, which was 272 million for the quarter, has to do that on an average daily basis and then, very importantly, add the fully diluted shares. So when you look at the number year-over-year, we, of course, have a much higher stock price, which is a very good thing. We have a much higher stock price this year than we did a year ago, so that drove a pretty significant increase in the dilution impact of options that are outstanding, and that drove the share price up a little bit. When you think about the full -- or excuse me, the number of shares outstanding used in the fully diluted calculation. When you think about the full year, I'd say we're still tracking to the original assumption that we think the full year number will be 267 million shares outstanding.
Jeff Campbell: Well, John had a comment as well. I think the reality, Ross, is that there are few sellers I have run into in my entire career who don't pick the highest stock price that they've had over the last several years and say, “Obviously, I have to have a premium off of that price.” And they are remarkably oblivious to what the public market might be telling them about valuation. How long does it take to overcome that? I don't know, but if you think about John pointing out we haven't done an acquisition of scale in six to eight quarters, well, within that time frame, you have the real collapse of equity values that you saw beginning in the fall of 2008. And I think it's fair to say, John, that even though that collapse lasted for quite some time, I don't know that we found anyone of any significant note who suddenly said, “Yes, I'm going to sell my company based on the new public market valuation.”
Jeff Campbell: Well, I'm not sure that there's significant differences. The model, really, is if there's a dozen players in a generic compound, the pricing is going to be lower than if there's just several players. And obviously, if it's an exclusive or co-exclusive kind of a launch, then the pricing is retained at a higher level, at least during that exclusivity period. So I don't think we've seen any difference, really, in the dynamics there. If there's a lot of people in the business of that specific compound or that particular strength or dosage, then we'll see prices erode more rapidly. And if there isn't, then the profit and the prices held up a little bit higher for a longer period of time. But what does happen is that, over time, these things begin to normalize, and we end up with a growing bolus of profit that is increasingly important to the company and continues to grow. And so I know there are people that say, “Well, what happens when there are fewer generic launches?” Clearly, our growth rates might decrease to some extent, but that pot of profit is not going to diminish and it is not going to disappear. And so it's just a question of how fast it expands, from our view.
Jeff Campbell: Well, two things. Let me go backwards. On Distribution Solutions, we really didn't have any significant customer losses that we’re lapping anymore. I think, though, Ricky, your question is a good one. It is a fact that we have a couple of our largest customers whose buying patterns vary from quarter-to-quarter. And so a couple of our largest customers we actually saw lower purchases from year-over-year.
Jeff Campbell: Right, and that's all I think it is. But just to give you some sense of the magnitude of that, if those customers had, had just flat purchases year-over-year, it would have added about two more points to our revenue growth this quarter. On the Technology Solutions side, I'd say pretty much all of what you see happening at the gross margin level is driven by the increased investment that we've been talking about for a while in our clinical software solutions and our next-generation enterprise revenue management solutions.
Jeff Campbell: Well, I'm not so sure that it's as dependent on the certification process, or even our customers accomplishing meaningful use, as much as it is our ability to recognize revenue through the successful implementation of those contracts. So there might be some dependence on some of our relationships where our certification is another one of the factors associated with the revenue recognition. That wouldn't be the case in, certainly, 100% of our clinical relationships. So the most important thing for us, regaining momentum in the back half of this year, is a combination of decreasing our investment in some of these areas from kind of a ramp-up perspective, but also, and perhaps most importantly, beginning to recognize revenue through the successful implementation. And another dependence, obviously, is our customer's ability to ramp up their resources to make those implementations successful. So I think that's really the key driver there, is the successful completion.
John Hammergren: And, Bob, on the acquisition front, we don't ever comment specifically about what we're doing, but I certainly can comment directionally on how we do some of these rumors and speculations. First of all, we hear some of the same rumors you hear, and sometimes, we're not involved in the activities at all. And actually, when we inquire, the companies that are purportedly for sale aren't for sale, and somebody is trying to either, on the media side, to generate a story or sometimes, potentially, bankers are trying to generate interest in a company that may not have an interest in a transaction. Secondly, sometimes there are real sales activities going on, and I think our company views anything in health care around the globe, frankly, as, at a minimum, a learning experience for us to at least view the opportunity and take a look at the financial and strategic implications of moving forward in any kind of a transaction. And I think on behalf of our shareholders, we have a responsibility to remain globally aware of what’s going on in health care. And then lastly, I'd comment that any smart banker would always have us included in a deal even if we're not, just in an effort to make sure that fair price is being paid for the asset. So I've seen occasions where we're not involved in a deal or we’ve long since moved on in our minds, but yet we're still purportedly involved heavily at the final stages of negotiation for whatever reasons that you guys could dream up. So thinking in a broader context, what would we look at and actually want to buy? As I've mentioned in the past, we don't necessarily feel constrained, necessarily, geographically or even size-related. We feel more constrained about whether or not it makes financial sense, and it makes it through that gate and that hurdle, then we can actually create value for our shareholders, both with and without synergies and what is our dependence on synergies, what is our likely probability of realizing those synergies. And then if we get past those financial gates, then the question is sort of the strategic implications of making those moves. As Jeff mentioned in his comments, we do believe a portfolio approach to capital deployment is the best way to create value. We plan to continue that approach. You’ve seen evidence of the share repurchases and the dividend increase recently. On the acquisition front, we've not been very active in the last 18 months, and primarily due to valuations, many of the assets that we think might make sense for us strategically, as I said, don't make it through the first gate. And lastly, I'd say you see tremendous evidence of our discipline, both in terms of our performance from an acquisition perspective retrospectively, but also in our ability to sell assets that we might feel are valuable to us and meet the needs of our strategy. But frankly, we can't produce the same financial result over a long-term view that we could realize on a DCF basis very quickly. And so Jeff talked once again about the amount of, I think, tremendous cash flow we've generated from a company that was well-run and strategic to us. But frankly, we were offered a price that made sense for us to stop and listen, and we executed the transaction. So I think that discipline and that lack of sort of being married to being global or not being global, having an asset or not having an asset and thinking about it in a more analytical context will drive value for our shareholders, and it demonstrates our discipline.
John Hammergren: Well, on the specific question regarding the branded supplier, we typically don't talk about our branded relationships or the agreements that we have with our partners. All I could say is that we have had a long-term, very positive relationship with Glaxo, and we're pleased with that relationship. And we continue to benefit -- both parties, I think, benefit from that partnership, and we would expect nothing to change as we look out. And on the generic sourcing side, I think our team does a good job of making sure that we are partnering with the people that have the adequate supply and adequate quality. Those are the first two parameters we deal with before we ever get to the price discussion, and so our job is to make sure we navigate through the challenges of availability by picking the right people upfront. So we are not expecting any generic shortage in the major lines of partnership that we have.
John Hammergren: Well, I'd say that I think our scale matters. We're a very important partner to the generics and, frankly, to the branded companies, and I think that they do everything they can to assure that we have supply and that we can meet the obligations that we set out for our customers. One of the reasons that our customers do business with us is because we provide that shock absorber from a supply perspective. When their demand spikes, we usually can handle it, and when supply becomes constrained, we have the ability, typically, to manage our way through it. And I think that as an industry, wholesalers have demonstrated our ability to help make sure that our customers, frankly, across the board are getting better service levels outbound from us than we receive inbound from the manufacturers on many occasions.
John Hammergren: I think that's absolutely correct, Lisa. I think you actually are seeing increases in our DSD lines as people are moving away from the warehousing model to the Direct Store Delivery models. And I think that's really related to our ability to provide tremendous service at a very low cost. And so I absolutely believe that our customers are relying more and more on McKesson to provide product and are going to continue to move their purchases, whether direct on the brand or direct on the generic side, to McKesson.
John Hammergren: On the customer consolidation front, as you mention, we do have a relationship with Aetna and, obviously, one with CVS Caremark, particularly on the mail side. So I think the nuances there are the slight differences that may exist between those relationships, and I think that we have a very positive relationship with both parties and plan to continue. On the Omnicare renewal, obviously we've had a very long-term partnership with Omnicare, and we’re really pleased to have renewed that relationship. And as is typically the case, I don't comment about specific customers, but both on the supplier side and the customer side, every year, we renew roughly a third of our business. And so those renewals, typically, are a benefit to us, and we continue to demonstrate our benefit to our customers, and that's why we retain the business. And Larry, I'm not sure what the question was on Canada.
John Hammergren: I think that's a little aggressive. As both Jeff and I mentioned, we are concerned with changes to reimbursement in Canada, especially if it happens all at once. But our job is to mitigate those changes, both at the government level, to make sure we’re negotiating to make sure that we maintain our profit stream. Because out of all of the people that are affected from a generic perspective, we have the least amount of margin rate and, therefore, can make the argument that we provide great utility value and our profit structure should be protected. So mitigation strategies are always part of our overall approach. And I think from a materiality perspective, we said that the changes we might experience this year are clearly, we believe, captured in the boundaries of our guidance. So albeit we admit that there's a negative here relative to generic reimbursement in Canada, we believe it's manageable. And over the long haul, if you think about our Canadian position, we actually are very optimistic that we'll continue to have momentum in that business and in that marketplace, and we're expanding our footprint in our offering, as I mentioned in my comments about Specialty, our Technology businesses. So we are actively expanding our business in Canada and are well-respected for the role we play.
John Hammergren: Sure, Ross. The Technology Solutions business is continuing to focus on, really, the demand for clinical products, as our customers are racing to get these products installed and ready. As I mentioned also in my comments, we're pleased that the government has allowed for a multiple approach to accomplishing meaningful use, and we think that multifaceted approach will facilitate our customers actually achieving the results that they're after. Our technology and the other part of that meaningful-use process is making sure they’re using certified products. And as I also mentioned, that we believe that our products will be certified once we get the party that needs to do the certification put in there and we have a body to go to. Our development work right now is to make sure that our product continues to have the components necessary as defined by meaningful use and that we have the implementation and installation people on hand to make that happen. Now turning to doctor offices, we are not really seeing an acceleration in buying at that level. So when I talk about our booking strength in clinical products, frankly, we have a large footprint in physician offices, so I don't think we're losing any share to others. I would just comment that I don't think those doctor offices are yet focused on their requirement from an EHR perspective. So we're seeing a little bit of it in the hospital-related doctors. So when physicians are purchased by hospitals, that idea of getting them up on EHR's and integrating them with the McKesson inpatient products is important to them, but standalone documents, frankly, are still on the sidelines.
John Hammergren: Yes, I think that's the case. I mean, I would agree with Jeff entirely that valuations are largely driven by the view that I should be back where I was and then put a premium on it. That said, I think that over time, people begin to become more realistic about the real value of their enterprise. And I think the other thing that we struggle with, frankly, on the smaller acquisitions is they already have a premium built in for a takeover by us or one of our larger competitors. So they come to us with a built-in premium, and you'll even see sometimes the sell-side reports say, “Well, the stability in this stock will be held up. Even though their performance is waning, the stability will be held up, because they're going to be bought if they drop too low.” Well, that obviously feeds that view that they have a floor on their PEs or a floor on their valuations that is driven by performance when, in fact, the floor is driven by the optics of us coming in to buy. So it makes it challenging for us. And so we need to be patient, we need to work these deals over time and we need to convince ourselves and potentially the target owners that the kind of valuations that we might be willing to pay are more realistic. So I think that's our view.
John Hammergren: No, as we've talked about before, our Generic business manages a portfolio. And albeit we believe that generics over the current term and the long term are going to be very additive to our business, at any one point in time, products complicate and go, and most of the time, we have something budgeted or we have something reflected in our expectations around launches. Lovenox, for example, we probably had that view that this product was going to launch last year. So you just never know when things are going to happen, and we try to be prepared. We always have hits and misses, but Lovenox, from our view, was not a Dow mover to begin with.
John Hammergren: Well, I think, to your point, I think when customers come under pressure, their instinct is to attempt to get a better deal from their vendors. And I think given the training our sales force has and what we attempt to do is to give them a better deal through the value that we can deliver. So we're seeing an expansion in Health Mart. More stores are coming online. We’re seeing more interest in buying our generics. To the point was made earlier on the call, people are beginning to become more dependent on our ability to manage their inventory and their buys. And we can get access to product that might not be able to get access to. And so I think the symbiotic relationship between retail and wholesalers are actually reinforced when the market gets difficult, because we just do a terrific job of delivering value. As it relates specifically to a weakness at the storefront level or the outbound sales level, we do see that in our revenue line. So clearly, when our largest customers begin to tail off from a revenue perspective or if they lose market share, frankly, that's a direct reflection back into our business. So when they win, we win, and when they lose, we lose. And our goal is to continue to try to bolster their performance as much as we can, but they've got to win patients at the front counter. Otherwise, our model is negatively affected.
John Hammergren: I think as we came into this, we expected fiscal '11 to be slightly better than '10, and I think that's still our view. We think '11’s going to be a very good year. We think '12 is going to be a good year from a launch perspective, and as we see out, we're optimistic. I have to caveat that with: This is not an absolute science. Our guys downstairs are making guesses as to what quarter things might launch in, and that is an estimate. And we're also making estimates as to how many entrants will be in the market and what kind of margin rates we might realize from it. The one thing I can say to you, though, is, as we look over multi-quarter periods going out, we have a very positive outlook on how generics are going to affect the financial performance of our company. And we also have a very positive outlook on our ability to continue to expand the franchise of generics, as we've mentioned, beyond just independent pharmacies to larger retail players, now the hospital marketplace, long-term care, specialty and physician offices and Canada. So as you think about our generic portfolio, we think about it not geographically bounded and not business bounded, and our goal is to drive value for our customers through our ability to understand this market and where it's headed.
John Hammergren: Well, thanks for the question. I think it is a complex question, and we only see a sample of the physician offices. We do have many businesses, though, that are involved in physician offices, which might give us a different view or, certainly, maybe a better view than others might have. As you know, we have a transaction processing business that brings the actual visit itself between the physician and the payor. From a reimbursement-cycle perspective, we get to see those transactions. So we do see frequency and we do see sort of the load on the doctors. We also see some people buying software at the physician office level, and then clearly, our footprint in Medical-Surgical, where we’re actually selling to the alternate site, in particular to the doctor offices, we get to see volume and have discussions with physicians at that level. So I do think we believe doc visits are down, and as a result there will be some moderation of the use of medical supplies and perhaps also a moderation in the amount of scrips being written. But I would say that we still believe that the scrip volume levels are okay. We're not seeing a step function change in scrip volumes. But once again, we are focused, really, on the pull-through in our business and what product is pulled through. So if scrip volumes are off with our customers because they’re losing share, that's a problem for us. If our scrip volumes are off with them in a branded way, but more is being converted to generics, we can have a little scrip volume degradation on brand if we have a scrip volume conversion increase on generics. From a financial perspective, that's a pretty good trade for us. It's an offset. So I think that there is some correlation, obviously, over time, but our models are slightly different than what a retailer might experience right at the counter.
John Hammergren: Yes, I'd say we think it's directionally correct, but usually after we say directionally correct, we say it over time. But when you see these weekly and daily and monthly fluctuations and positive to negative, it's a little bit like other indicators, sometimes, in our economy. They're not right on a short-term basis. They're right on a longer-term basis as you smooth those lines. And so I think it is a indicator. It is not the indicator.
John Hammergren: Well, clearly want to be positioned to meet our customers’ needs, and I think we did a good job of preparing for that as this product was made available to us through our partnerships. So I think you can count on fact we’ll continue to have the product, certainly, into the end of our fiscal year. I think we have time for one more question, Operator.
John Hammergren: Well, I guess I'll try to start this, and I'm not sure we fully understand the questions, George, so stay on the line. Our revenue pull-through at the end of the year has to be quite dramatic for us to get to the guidance that we've given you as we started the year. We talked about the back-half load, and we also gave you a margin goal that we had in the business. And so we have significant dependency for that segment, in terms of accomplishing our segment level of guidance, that we get those implementations successfully installed. And in addition, we're able to recognize the revenue. So there’s two dependencies. We've got to get the stuff in our customers’ sights, and they have to help us do that. And the second thing is we have to have clear sailing relative to the way we view the accounting associated with this contracts to actually be able to recognize the revenue. So at this point, we still have confidence we will see the strength in the back half of the year, and our objective, certainly, is to continue to head in that direction. Jeff, I don't know if there's some other question that was asked that I missed there.
John Hammergren: Well, I think that's a difficult question to answer, but I don't think we'll get to double-digit revenue growth at the segment level simply driven by the Clinicals business. I think that's our view. As we've talked about in the past, there's a large transaction-processing business in there that is more of a software-as-a-service kind of model, where we get continued revenue. And that business certainly can grow nicely, but it is a steady grower. We also have our Payor business, which in the past, actually, has had some lumpy revenue characteristics with it. But that also is a strong part of our business. And then, as we’ve described, at our McKesson Provider Technologies is actually multiple businesses. We have our Medical Imaging business, we have our Legacy Financial Systems businesses, we have an Automation business. So those businesses are all part of that segment, and the Clinicals are but a sub-segment of that. Now having said that, I just said that our fourth quarter's dependent on our successful implementation of clinical contracts in terms of actually achieving the objectives that we've given you. So there is a significant amount of profit in clinical software sales, and that'll be necessary. But you're not going to drive the whole true success in the Clinical side in the fourth quarter. I don't think you're going to drive for the year double-digit revenue increases for the segment. That simply is difficult to do.
