Britt Vitalone: Well, thanks, Lisa, for the question. There’s a lot to unpack there. Let me see if I can try to answer some of those questions for you. As we talked about, the revenue growth was very broad based across the company, but in particular, within U.S. Pharma. Certainly, we’re benefiting from stronger utilization trends overall, and that does include GLP-1s. And as I mentioned, they do provide a tailwind. Just generally speaking though, utilization trends continue to be solid growth and improvement. We’re certainly, as I mentioned, from a margin rate profile, GLP-1 have a lower distribution margin rate profile. But also, as I mentioned, the breadth of the portfolio that we have, we also offer affordability and access solutions within our technology segment. And those programs like prior authorization have been very well received. They’re providing a lot of value to our customers. And so there’s a secondary component to the services that we provide on behalf of those drugs. So just generally speaking, I think that the utilization environment has been – continued to be solid. The pricing environment continues to be competitive but stable. Our generic programs continue to perform quite well, particularly our sourcing programs. And we’re benefiting from just broad-based performance across all of the channels that we provide services to.
Britt Vitalone: Mike, maybe just one other thing that I would add is, we continue to develop this segment. One of the things that we’re doing is continue to add capabilities and programs within it. So as time goes on, we’re offering more services, which is certainly taking advantage of utilization trends. We added Rx Savings Solutions last year, so another capability with a whole another set of economics available to us and our customers. So I think what you’re seeing is the investments that we’re making within the segment and the additional programs and capabilities that we’re adding, and certainly the acquisition of Rx Savings Solutions is just adding to the growth that we’re seeing on a year-over-year basis.
Britt Vitalone: Yes, I would say that it’s a fair question. And as we talked about, GLP-1s did provide a revenue tailwind for our distribution business. But I would just remind you that the growth in the segment was very broad based. It was across specialty products. It was across our generics business, and it was really across each of the segments outside of GLP-1s. And that reflects the utilization trends. It also reflects the services and capabilities that we have that we provide to our broad customer base. So certainly GLP-1s are topical and have provided a tailwind, but the business is performing quite well across really all categories and our customer base.
Britt Vitalone: Hey A.J., thanks for the question. Let me try and answer that for you. I’ll start and Brian can add on. We have been investing principally in our Ontada business, where we’re developing data and insights. And I would say that on a year-to-year basis, the overall investment is probably not vary too much on a year-to-year basis. Now quarter-to-quarter, that can certainly vary, and – but on a year-to-year basis our investment has been pretty constant. And as Sarah Cannon Research is really in the integration phase, and I talked about some of the integration costs for both of the Sarah Cannon and the acquisition of Rx Savings Solutions. But the investment that we’ve principally been making it and develop our Ontada business on an annual basis has been pretty constant year-over-year, quarter-to-quarter it would vary.
Britt Vitalone: Yes. Thanks for the question. Here’s what I would say. In terms of our generics program, it is a combination of the sourcing activities that we have, which really reflects the relationships that we have across hundreds of manufacturing partners. And then it reflects the discipline that we have on the sell-side. And the combination of that has led to some really good results. Now we’ve also had some new brand or I should say some new generic launches, and we certainly participate in those new generic launches as well. And we had a few in the quarter that we benefited from. So the combination of our sourcing operations, the stability that we’re seeing in a competitive marketplace has provided us the ability to create spread, at the same time providing competitive pricing for our customers with a stable supply. You mentioned shortages, and we have seen shortages for as long as I’ve been with the company. From time to time, they will spike up like we had with some of the cold and flu products or the illness season products last year. Generally speaking, I would think that – I would say that the – what we’re seeing now from a supply perspective is more in line with what we’ve seen historically. Every now and then, you’ll have a product that will be more challenged. But the broad base of partners that we have in our sourcing program allows us to manage through that quite well. And the performance that we’re seeing in the first quarter, which is continued momentum from last year, that’s included in the guidance that we have for the full year.
Britt Vitalone: Hi George, thanks for the question. Let me be clear on what I provided. I provided some insight into patient visits metrics. And I thought that would be insightful. We had 19% increase year-over-year in total patient visits and 7% on a same-practice basis. I thought that would be insightful. And it also reflects the – some of the acquisitions that we’ve done or some of the new practices that we’ve added over the last year. So again, the numbers that I provided you were patient visit metrics only, and I didn’t indicate anything else besides that. I don’t know, Brian, if you want to comment on the other.
Brian Tyler: Thanks, Michael. I’ll start and talk about the RxTS business a little bit. We’ve talked in the past about the importance of mix in this business, the different financial profiles of the 3PL business, which had good growth in the quarter versus the more technologically oriented solutions that we have. And so that mix will always be important and did introduce some fluctuations quarter-to-quarter over our prior fiscal year. I would say, in general though, this business is going to benefit from the utilization trends that Britt talked about. And specifically, as prescription volumes go up, as the need for prior authorization services go up, that’s help for our business. And we’re going to win by winning more of these manufacturer relationships, extending our relationships in the places where we have them today, it’s spend [ph] more penetration, if you will. We’re going to benefit from those kinds of volume-related things over time. Now as new drugs launch, as they go through their life cycles, there can be some variation into the demands and needs of the services we offer, and that’s just a natural part of the business.
Brian Tyler: We also continue to make investments into this segment, and that the timing of those investments isn’t always linear.
Brian Tyler: Eric, thanks for the question and I appreciate where you’re coming from on this for probably obvious reasons, we don’t get into the health or the economics or the situation of our customers. We do stay very close to our customers. We’re always trying to find ways to help them to grow and find additional services and capabilities for them. So I feel good about the customer contacts that we have and our ability to understand their strategies and their growth – what they’re trying to do from a growth perspective. And I think the broad base set of customers that we have across each of our segments that feel comfortable with how we manage our relationships. Beyond that, I really can’t get into the specifics of our contracts that we have with each customer. Hopefully you can understand that.
Brian Tyler: I would think that our mix would be fairly representative of our business mix overall. We probably have our appropriate share and health systems, our appropriate share and independence, our appropriate share and large retail national accounts. This – there have been points in time where supply has been less than demand. We work closely with all of our vendors to make sure we get our representative and fair share, and that we can coordinate with them and communicate effectively with our customers. But overall, I’d say we would have the mix, he would expect.
Brian Tyler: Well, the – I mean, the nature of what we offer for the drug is often different at different points in its life cycle. I mean what you might want at launch will be a lot different than what you are at maturity, and it can depend on how other competitors come into the class. We like to try to think about supporting the products over the course of their lifetime. Obviously there, payer and employer decisions around how they want to treat certain classes of drugs can dictate the services that we might offer. And as these drugs are relatively new to market, speaking as an employer, I can tell you, employers out there are thinking about how they want to handle them. That’s going to be different for each of the employers, but generally it’s positive momentum for the business.
Brian Tyler: On the other side, I would just say, we have often referred to this as an ecosystem because we think about the very broad and diverse set of solutions that we offer here, and it’s not just the practice management, it’s the iKnowMed EMR, it’s the GPO services. It’s the revenue cycle management services. It’s the contributions of those systems to managing the clinical practice of oncology effectively. We’ve complemented that in recent years with Ontada, the data analytics insight business and our joint venture with Sarah Cannon. And I think – then there’s the distribution business. So I think when you put those all together, that’s why we call it an ecosystem because we think in many ways, they self-reinforce. And you’ve seen, in the last several years, pretty good growth in the network. I think that’s in part to that expansive value proposition and the attractiveness we represent to these practices as a partner to help them both provide the best patient care possible and to manage their business as well as they can.
Brian Tyler: So I think you asked a 340B relative to our Prescription Technology business. And I would say I would characterize 340B as not a particular driver of that business, just flat out. I’d say the impact of 340B would much more be in our resident pharmaceutical distribution business. And obviously, we’ve talked a lot over the past quarters about evolutions in 340B, whether those be regulatory or commercial actions and reactions. And our best view of all that is reflected in the guidance that Britt and I have provided this afternoon. Okay. Well, thank you, everybody. Thank you for joining the call. I appreciate the thoughtful questions and your interest in McKesson. Thank you, Cynthia, for facilitating the call. I’ll just wrap up by saying McKesson delivered strong first quarter results. Our financial strength is really a testament to the significant progress we’ve made in advancing McKesson as a diversified health care services company. We’re confident in our differentiated market position and our ability to execute and continue to create long-term shareholder value. Thanks again for joining us. I hope you all have a terrific evening.
