John Hammergren: I do think it is certainly an important factor. I'll leave the materiality to the accountants, but it's certainly been important part of our businesses as we look at it, and we've made significant progress. And in our conversations with both our manufacturing partners, as well as our end user customer partners; so we're excited about the progress. I think people understand that the cost of handling certain of these items is different than having them all blended together. And certainly the services we provide are different and the economics associated with and when the products is different and we're pleased with the progress. We’ve more work to do, we do that systematically as our contracts are revised. But I feel good about the progress, Eric.
John Hammergren: It's probably a combination of both. clearly, to the extent that our previous discounting didn’t reflect the true cost of handling the products that needed to be modified, and to be extended that customers or manufacturers are asking us to perform new or different services, we’ve taken that on as well. So I think it's simple to mention that. And I don’t think in the past with the way we used to price our contracts, we segmented enough. And as obviously these other categories begin to grow, it's important that we price them in a more discreet fashion than as we’ve attempted to do.
John Hammergren: I think, James in his prepared remarks, made a specific comment related to Express and we don’t see any impact related to the potential loss of our Rite Aid business -- and he made a comment about Rite Aid not about Express, so to be clear. And I don’t think that when we get to a certain scale on the certain amount of materiality with the manufacturers, I don’t think there is much of the difference in the way that the manufacturers behave with any of us. I’ve said this before. I believe we’re extremely well positioned and I think our contract is very competitive. I think Walmart has benefitted significantly from the relationship. And as to where we stand in it, the normalization of the agreements between McKesson and Walmart and our respective partners help drive a lot of very quick incremental value to Walmart. And I believe that this next phase as we complete our negotiations the contracting with the manufacturers, we’re already beginning to see a reflection as a combined value of us putting our business together and committing it to these partners for a long period of time. And clearly we have the ability because our customers tell us whether our pricing in the marketplace is competitive or not. And with that customer feedback, we’re constantly adjusting our perspective on what prices, a fair price to sell at and what a fair price to buy at is. And through that intelligence I think we remain very confident in our scale and approach to doing the job it needs to do.
John Hammergren: Well, I’ll have James jump in here in just a moment. I think that the principle drivers of our challenge in the previous year was the brand price inflation came in obviously below what we expected it to be. And then the very significant issue related to generic pricing that took the sell side of generics in the marketplace. And I think that we would expect that we will get up margin growth, going forward. And so I obviously always think that, and last year we had a surprise, a couple of surprises. But this year, you can see that we really don't have built into our guidance inflation on the generic side beyond nominal; and the branded inflation, we've guided, I think to a responsible range and the underlying operations of our business continue to perform very well; and the generic pricing challenges we face last year in the independent segment, as we've commented in the past, have been somewhat transitory in their nature; and recently, we have to continue to be competitive in the marketplace. Those kinds of dislocations don't happen on a frequent basis. So having said all of that, our expectation is that our margins will expand from here.
John Hammergren: Yes, we certainly would expect gross profit in North American distribution to grow. And I would say, further, we’ve made significant progress in the operations of our Company last year. And continuing this point that progress was largely overshadowed by the significant headwinds that we faced as we went into the back half of last year. And obviously, coming to this year, we’re taking the remainder of those headwinds. But if you actually look under the covers, the rest of our Company is performing quite well and I am pleased with the fact that we can continue to show progress in our business. And clearly, some of the changes James mentioned in terms of the definition of adjusted earnings make our operating performance more clear. And we try to re-cash last years’ and this years’ so you can see how they would have compared. But James jumping here with some other color you’d like to provide…
John Hammergren: I think it's probably fair to say that when our margins dropped across the Company, and typically in the U.S. pharmaceutical business, I should and know the focus on U.S. pharmaceuticals is a result of the phenomena's we've been talking about that same kind of degradation in the performance of every one of our, probably every one of our customers in the U.S. pharmaceutical business was effected. And it just becomes a question of mix. And so it's fair to say that most of our customers in U.S. pharma are less profitable today than they were a couple of years ago, and you’ve seen it in our overall margin rate in that business…
John Hammergren: Well, on the generics guide, we talked about a nominal contribution, economic contribution from generics with increase in price; so very much the same guide that we offered this time last year. And then also similarly a nominal economic contribution from brand to generic conversions; we expect to see in fiscal '18. Now, as to the range of the guide, that’s always going to be driven by a mix of all of the variables that we’ve been talking about and have led out in the press release. So it we wouldn’t want to particularly so spend drop on one. But clearly that was nominal for both generic price inflation and generic conversions, I think, appropriately set out very modest expectations.
John Hammergren: That's related to the transaction of McKesson and Change Healthcare, so it's not a comment on Change Healthcare's treatment of deferred revenue.
John Hammergren: Well we, I think in the previous comment, I talked about generic deflation and how we believe it will continue and has for a long time. We don't really comment on the rate of deflation, because it's not a big factor that plays into the way our economics or our P&L operates. The deflation is typically not an issue that we have to guide on or that we miss or make on, it's something just part of our business model and we attempt to manage it. And this is the deflation as it relates to what we buy at. We don't necessarily comment on what we price the product at unless there's some kind of unusual circumstance, like we faced last year when we talked about generic price erosion in the marketplace, that's the sell side comment, that’s not what we will be buy the product for. The second part of your question was related to the hospital market. And we certainly have competed in the hospital market for a long-term and we used to be in the medical supply business and hospitals. And frankly found it difficult to compete with the likes of currently in the hospital market. But as it relates to the business that we retain in the hospital business, it's really in two categories. One, is in the physician office part of medical supply purchases in the hospital segment, where they own the doctors and ask for us to provide shipment to the smaller physician office facilities and practices that they own, we’re very strong there and continue to be strong. And clearly in the pharmacy business of hospitals, we have a very strong value preposition and remain very strong there. And I never take competition lightly, but I don’t believe the continued investment that Carlos is making in the medical surgical business necessarily will correlate to some change in competitive dynamics on the pharmacy side. But that's yet to be seen.
John Hammergren: I can only speak from 20 plus years now, the experience here at McKesson in watching how the market pricing that has evolved and how our customers have come to us overtime. We continue to build out a very significant value proposition for our customers, particularly independent customers. They always get a competitive price from us, they always get a good deal from us, and our ability to source products, I think, is second to none. Having said that on occasion in the past and infrequently, we’ll see a period of deflation on the sell side that has accelerated or price competition is accelerated and that’s what we faced last year. It may have been seven or eight years between the last year that we experienced in the last time we experienced an event like that. So could it happen every year, we sure it could happen and eventually you raise to the bottom and there is nothing more to give. But I don’t forecast that just based on historical activity. As it relates to rebates activity, certainly, I can't speak to what incremental buying power they may garner as a result of bringing Express Scripts together with them. I don’t feel we've been in a disadvantage, I don’t feel we will be at a disadvantage. And I would also say it's not necessarily a direct correlation that if someone buys better that they determine that they will increase their level of discounts and pass it all back into the marketplace. So if that were to occur, if they bought better and their partners ended up buying better and then they decided to put it into the marketplace, we would have to respond and it would be a year similar to this year.
John Hammergren: We like the pharmaceutical business and we like it globally, we certainly like in U.S., and we like in Canada and we like the medical supply business and the option side markets. We believe those markets and also inside medical are growing fast and will continue to grow at a nice pace as people move out of less convenient, more costly settings for their care and have a more value orientation and a more physician centric relationship perhaps. And we like the pharmaceutical business. You can see, as an industry, the pharmaceutical business continues to grow propelled by innovation and bio-similars and new treatments coming out. Clearly, the demographics in pharmaceutical usage is improving and we see that trend globally as well. So I think we continue to feel good about our position. And you see us deploying capital, I think, in a very intelligently in high growth areas, not only in new markets where we can, I think, be a consolidator and a new service provider but also in our specialty acquisitions, you saw us buy Biologics last year -- and then Vantage, which are good acquisitions for us. We made a technology acquisition, called CoverMyMeds, which comes in with a different profit profile. And certainly now it is a good business on it' own that provides significant service to the pharmaceutical manufacturers, the pharmaceutical payers and the patients who are dependent on getting the drugs at the right time and at the right place at the pharmacy counter. And clearly, we continue to make Canadian acquisition, another one of which was announced today. So I think we are well positioned; I think we’ve got a right assets; I think these assets have a correlation across borders and across boundaries in our business; and we have synergy that we can take advantage of that in the end that delivers better value for our customers. So they can do a better job of clinical care and clearly do a better job of the economics associated with delivering that care. I think that was our last question. I want to thank you operator and thank all of your on the call for your time today. We’ve got a very solid operating plan for fiscal 2018. And I am certainly excited about the growth opportunities across McKesson. With that, I’ll turn it over to Craig to answer a few questions about our upcoming events.
James Beer: And in terms of the Distribution Solutions’ operating profit, there are few items in through there; first of all, obviously, as we're going to benefit from the acquisitions that we entered into in fiscal '17; then we have these lapping effects of last year's headwinds, both the brand manufacturer price increase situation, as well as on the generic side the sell side environment, particularly through to the independent pharmacists. But setting those headwinds aside, I'm pleased to see U.S. pharma getting back to operating profit growth. And then you add to that the ongoing operating profit growth of remainder portfolio of businesses, which as you know, is quite diverse.
James Beer: Yes, it's just kind of say for example two things about that change in the definition of adjusted earnings. And in the second 8-K we have broken out the FY '17 data in line with that new definition. So you'll be able to see the year-over-year type effects there. And then also just to reemphasize that because of the way the accounting looks, remember that our profit from our joint venture partners, such as Walmart's profit as a part of Claris 1, that actually gets counted in our operation profit line and therefore benefits of our operating margin rate lower down at the bottom of the P&L, we have to extract that out in terms of the non-controlling interest. So there is complexity there, and that's very much how GAAP requires us to do things. And again in the 8-K, we've tried to break out in the last of the schedules that we have there both the operating margin on a growth basis, if you will, then also net of that MCI effect. So there are few steps to move through there. But hopefully, we lay things out so you can sort through that.
James Beer: And I would follow on to the last part of that question related to generic deflation. We’ve talked about it in the past; it's not having much of an effect on our business; and part of our normal operating model when you think about the overall way we manage our generic portfolio; and the fact that we’ve had deflation historically on a basket basis for a long time. And the deflation on our purchase of generics doesn’t necessarily translate into a deflation on the way we sell our market generics, and so that the two are distinct. And the challenge we faced last year was not the rated deflation on what we paid for generics, the issue we faced last year was acceleration in the normally competitive market on generics to become even more competitive on the sell side. And that’s what we faced in the back half of last year that we tried to discuss on previous calls. And to be clear, we don’t anticipate that level of price erosion on the sell side of our generic portfolio. Going back to what we experienced in the last half of last year, we expect it to continue to be competitive, and not as volatile as we experienced.
James Beer: Well, obviously, there are a few moving parts here in the guide. I think about some of the bigger economic drivers that would -- to be a real different -- have some of the expectations out there. I point to our assumption around mid-single digits for branded manufacturer price increase. Yes, that is a lower assumption than that that we experienced in fiscal '17. But we think that’s the prudent thing to do for the reasons we talked about in the prepared remarks. Think about the contribution from Rite Aid that we've been quite clear on. The change in the adjusted earnings definition, there's a material impact there because up until today, we've been talking about that deferred revenue haircut that would impact the Change Healthcare income. And so now, we don't have to deal with that in adjusted earnings. And then the other thing I would say is our tax rate is probably at 27% lower than perhaps some expectations, because we've got a variety of drivers there that we're continuing to benefit from as we look forward into fiscal '18. So in terms of user variability, while we'll obviously see what the branded manufacturers actually do during the year; and one of the other important assumptions we've made is around the lapping effect on the generic sale side, the lapping effect of what happened in the independent space last year; as John has been indicating, we're seeing less volatility there. Obviously, the hopeful situation we'll see how things play out in that part of the marketplace.
James Beer: So in essence, we will not take that one-time decline in what would flow off the balance sheet into revenue. So we will not be impacted by what we now quantify as $200 million deferred revenue haircut effect. Obviously, that's part of the GAAP books, but that will not be showing up in our adjusted earnings.
