John H. Hammergren: Thanks, Ricky, for the question. I think the best way for us to think about this is really related to post the challenges we faced this year from the lapping of the generic price phenomena we experienced last year as well as the customer consolidations and the negative mix change associated with those customers. We think once we lap those changes and we get through this fiscal year, you should begin to see us perform at a level that's very similar to the level we performed at in the past. We don't really see anything structural in our business or in our business model that would cause us to be concerned about our ability to grow organically in a way that's very similar to the way we've grown in the past. Now clearly in FY 2018, we also have the transition with Rite Aid, and obviously you see us making lots of moves now to prepare to grow through those challenges. But we'll talk about that more as the time approaches. But other than that additional headwind that we'll face in that fiscal year, I think the business continues to perform as it has in the past.
John H. Hammergren: It is early to talk about 2018. I would say that we talked a lot about the cost reduction programs we've put in place and the quick action we've taken to streamline the organization and to make sure we maintain our efficiencies. We don't really see any structural changes in our business that cause us great concern. And obviously, the one unusual event is the pending sale of Rite Aid. And it's our objective certainly to find a way to grow through that. But I hesitate to provide any forward guidance into FY 2018, but I can tell you that certainly is our intent, and we're working hard to make sure that that happens.
John H. Hammergren: I'll let James jump in here in just a minute, but we clearly have the organization focused on doing what's right and balancing our objective to grow our earnings but also to manage our cash and to grow our cash flow along the way. So I think the team is very focused, and you're seeing some results from that focus. And, James, you might want to talk...
John H. Hammergren: Thanks for the question, Charles. We have a longstanding tradition of building value with our manufacturing partners, both on the generic as well as on the branded and specialty sides of our business. Our relationship with the branded manufacturers has remained pretty consistent for a long time now. And I would say that our proportion of earnings that comes through price change in the branded portfolios has remained relatively constant as well, and it is a small portion of our overall branded profit arrangement. Most of our profits are covered under a more fixed arrangement that is pretty reliable regardless of what happens with price inflation, and there's a small portion that we talked about in that 20% plus or minus range that has some price inflation effect on it.
John H. Hammergren: Sure, we're not oblivious to the conversations that are going on in the media and with the current political activity, and we're certainly not oblivious to the investigations and conversations that have been going on from a Congressional perspective into these areas. I think our assumptions are reasonable and they're based on our historical work with the manufacturers. They're certainly buffered by what we see as the current climate. So I would say that as we stated them today, we believe these assumptions are realistic and are likely to occur in the way we've laid them out in our fiscal 2017 guidance.
John H. Hammergren: Obviously, we made significant progress since the acquisition of Celesio to accomplish the objective that we had laid out when we made the acquisition to begin with. And you might recall that the synergy between $275 million and $325 million was quite additive to the existing run rate of margin and profit coming out of the Celesio business on its own without these additional global synergies. So I am very pleased with the progress the team has made. And as you might imagine, in all of our McKesson businesses, last year's result is not good enough for next year. So we are certainly pushing our organizations to continue to make progress on all the dimensions within our businesses to improve. But clearly the magnitude of improvement left available us to in global procurement is larger than realized, and now it will be more incremental improvement on that baseline.
John H. Hammergren: I think clearly there are two parts to that question, the evolution of the oncology business and how we feel about our position in oncology. And the second part of the question was really related to the demonstration project that has some people concerned. As to the demonstration project, it really has no material effect on our business as a demonstration. And frankly, even if it's rolled out in its current form, which we don't think necessarily is in the best interest of patients or oncologists in this country, it would still be relatively immaterial to our corporation. Clearly, we are very focused on helping our oncology practice partners, whether they're in our network or they are customers of ours, become more efficient, improve the profitability of their practices. But the fundamental strategy for us is to be well positioned as a corporation for what we believe is a continued significant launch cycle for new oncology treatments, including drugs and other protocols, the increase in the rate of cancer patients in this country, and to be positioned to help our community oncology practices thrive in an environment where they can demonstrate already a lower cost, equal or better outcomes, and clearly better flexibility for the patients that they serve. And so when you see us combine our efforts in not only our existing businesses but with these new acquisitions, we're really focused on making sure that we have a wide variety of offerings for the clinician to use when they're making decisions about the appropriate patient care. And I might also mention that CMS has other programs underway, and McKesson participates very heavily in those pilot programs to make sure that we're helping to demonstrate new ways to treat patients, new ways to develop value-based cost and quality-oriented outcomes. And we're excited to be working with all the payers in those areas because we think we can do a great job in the community and that, frankly, we're in a better position to deliver better cost and better value and better outcomes than many other constituents.
John H. Hammergren: We're excited about the performance that we've achieved with Lloyds and the evolution of the pharmacy business in Europe in particular, given that it is extremely well positioned to be a big part of the healthcare system in many of those countries, in particular in the UK, where healthcare demand outstrips supply and where governments and other payers are looking for lower cost alternatives and vehicles to serve their populations and certainly ways to reduce the queueing that goes on in the larger health systems by using a pharmacist as another expert, as a provider in the healthcare system. And so we're excited about Lloyds being positioned as a destination for healthcare services. We are trying to carve a position with our pharmacy strategy, frankly, around the world that is more focused on being in the care process as opposed to some of the other avenues that some of these retail stores can take. And so I think we're pleased with where we're positioned in Europe, and we're also pleased with where we're headed in Canada, and we're excited to bring many of these benefits to our independent pharmacy customers, either through our banner programs or just through close partnerships.
John H. Hammergren: Clearly, I just talked about Lloyds and how we think Lloyds both in our own stores and also in our banner stores in many different markets is well positioned to participate in the care process in a broader way and more comprehensive way. Now clearly, the hospital business and the specialty business in many markets in Europe is managed directly between the manufacturers and the large health systems. We believe that both the manufacturers and the governments and others that operate these enterprises would be much better off if McKesson was in the middle through Celesio trying to provide the streamlined supply chain and information stream that we do here in the United States. And we continue to make acquisitions in Europe that better position us in adjacencies outside of retail pharmacy. So we think that there are opportunities for us to grow our footprint, and you see us continue to invest in our infrastructure of Celesio so that we're prepared to do that. I think we have time for one last question.
John H. Hammergren: We try to be leaders in the businesses that we are participating in, and that's our objective. And so when we see an opportunity for us to lead in the market with a business, that becomes attractive to us. We believe both in Canada as well as in parts of Europe, we have an opportunity to be number one or number two in the retail market. And we have the ability to bring that expertise to the rest of our customers when we partner closely with them, sometimes through ownership and sometimes not, in a way that builds value. As it relates to the U.S., which is where some of these questions sometimes go, we don't see a real vertical opportunity in the U.S. that would allow us to create that leadership position as being number one or number two in the U.S. marketplace. So clearly, our strategy here in retail is to align very closely with people that we believe are great business partners that are also winning in their sections of the market and stand clearly with independent pharmacies and other chains that are focused on having us help them in a more material way. So I think that that captures our strategy as it relates to retail. Thank you for that question, Dave.
James A. Beer: As we've thought about branded price increases, we've assumed that they would be modestly below the levels that occurred in fiscal 2016. So we feel as though we've made a prudent assumption in that regard as well.
James A. Beer: I was obviously pleased with the cash flow growth in fiscal 2016, very much driven both by the profit growth as well as this ongoing focus that we've had right across our businesses, both distribution and technology around working capital management. And we think there's more opportunity to continue to build this level in fiscal 2017, as we indicated in our guide. It is important to remember, though, that the guide that I was referring to excluded that $270 million of cash outflows that we would expect to incur in fiscal 2017, driven by two things, the cost alignment plan and then the DEA payment.
James A. Beer: Eric, certainly we remain committed to our portfolio approach to capital deployment. I think you know that well. That's the four elements of internal capital spending, M&A, dividends, and share buybacks. And one of the themes of this past fiscal year was that we deployed all four levers of that portfolio approach. Now that said, we've also indicated in the past and maintain a preference for value-creating M&A, if we can find good alternatives versus share buybacks. And so clearly, we've made some nice progress on that recently. Yes, in terms of overall leverage, we've made significant progress in the last 12 months with debt maturities, bringing down the gross debt level that we entered into to finance the Celesio acquisition a couple of years ago. So we've brought ourselves an additional level of financial flexibility as a result of doing that, and I think that's been very important. But I also indicated in my script that as we think about closing on some of the acquisitions in the coming several months or so, expect us to be raising some additional debt in order to be able to accomplish those closings as well. So you'll see us I think using our debt capacity in a way very much consistent with our investment-grade credit rating and sticking with our portfolio approach to capital deployment, with an emphasis on looking for strong acquisitions as we've done in recent months that we think can continue to grow our cash flow and earnings over time.
James A. Beer: I think it's a fair statement. I'd say we're modestly above the top end of that range that we indicated preliminarily back in January.
James A. Beer: I'd say that has a relatively modest effect on our business plan. And so that's mostly a fixed-like fee-for-service type of agreement on that side of the business. So I wouldn't draw particular attention to the pricing there.
James A. Beer: We're assuming that that would be a relatively modest figure. Again, I wouldn't want to overdo that point.
James A. Beer: I'm not sure that there's very much I can add at this point. One observation I would make is that the launches that we see in fiscal 2017 have more of a profile that will drive a lesser profit contribution for us. And that's because we see the likelihood that there would be more exclusive type launches than has been the case in some other years. So that's really the driver of the 2017 over 2016 effect.
James A. Beer: In terms of our guide, I wouldn't point to anything material in terms of our logic around changes in reimbursement. We feel comfortable with overall sets of puts and takes that go around any guided range. And we feel as though we've got the ability to be able to execute against that range based on a variety of different types of business conditions that may or may not arise.
