John H. Hammergren: Well, let me start at end of that conversation and work my way back the other way. On the branded and generic pricing, our trends are basically in line with what our expectations were as we came out with our plans for the year. Albeit a couple of big launches early in this quarter probably were a little more competitive than we had expected. But in the mix of things, we're feeling pretty good about where branded and generic price trends seem to be headed. But obviously it's still early in the year. As it relates to pricing and margins delivered through our customer relationships, as you know we focus on long-term value with our long-term customers. And we continue, as I had mentioned in my prepared remarks, to sell solutions and technology to our customers in combination with distribution that helps to differentiate what we do every day. I think that's obvious in our margin structure that we not only do a great job of delivering day-to-day service in a very productive way and really low-cost, but we also, I think, are afforded an opportunity to sell solutions to our customers that enhance their performance and deliver sustainable value that may take the focus more on value delivered rather than price for the service. And we think that's the way customers should make decisions, and we try to stay out of price-oriented conversations. And one last comment on market pricing. As you know, we spend most of our time focused on our existing customers, so I can't tell you I have a big experience set with the new customer comment that you made, because we don't bring on a lot of new customers. We've been focused heavily on our existing business and making sure those renewals are happening the way they always have historically.
John H. Hammergren: I think the pressure that our customers are feeling this year is probably not that much different than the pressures they've felt in the past. I think we've always had a competitive environment. And certainly, our customers have always been afforded the opportunity to not only buy from other wholesalers, but they have been afforded the opportunity to buy generics from various channels, including direct. And our challenge over the years has been to build a portfolio of capabilities both in terms of the price of the product that we provide, but also in terms of the service that we can provide, in particular, to our customers on generics that they may not be able to deliver on their own or in some other model. Obviously, there's tremendous operational efficiency to place one order at night, and the next day receive all of your product to all of your stores from McKesson and not have to fragment those orders through your own internal capabilities, through some kind of an internal direct sourcing capability, or to fragment it through other smaller companies that are out there trying to sell generics as a sole offering. And our ability to focus our customers on the total value that we deliver has to remain key and our ability to remain disciplined around the price that we deliver to the marketplace, charging for the value that we deliver not chasing commodity price-oriented deals and focusing on those customers that really appreciate what we do. I think if we didn't have confidence that we could continue to expand our margins in spite of some of these pressures that continue, we wouldn't have guided this year to the margin expansion that we've already guided to. And clearly we are already above the market and believe that we can continue to be relative to our peers in terms of operating margin because of the mix of our business, because of the value that we sell, because of the discipline in our selling process, and our focus on those -- continued evolution of that strategy. Having said all of that, clearly things can change. Our view is that nothing's changed thus far, and things remain competitive but stable, but it's always one of those deals that you have to pay attention to what's going on in the market and stay focused. But I think we remain optimistic, Larry. Nothing's really changed from our Analyst Meeting.
John H. Hammergren: It's really not inventory, Lisa, as much as existing customers who are gaining some share, and I think a continued view that our warehousing operations provide benefit to those customers and synergy that they otherwise wouldn't obtain on their own. And as you know, some of our larger customers have experienced some share shift this year as a result of contracts that they may have won that will flow through that or market share changes that have taken place in the chains that have been very visible in the industry. So other than that, there really hasn't been any significant action. And I don't know, Jeff, you might have something you would want to add there.
John H. Hammergren: Yes, I think that the market growth rates, Lisa, are probably in the 3% to 4% range. You might recall that we have a strong position in physician office. We have a strong position in long-term care. And we have a strong position in home health care and sort of the miscellaneous side of things. And all 3 of those segments had -- or pieces of the business had very strong growth and above-market growth. I think our combination of service and the technology offering that I mentioned earlier that has really changed the face of just delivering product to delivering more complete solutions has made a difference. And the migration of physicians out of small practices into more aggregated practices -- we're seeing that phenomenon both at US Oncology, our revenue cycle management business, and our med-surg business, where this aggregation actually plays to our strengths. Because these customers are more sophisticated, they're more technologically oriented, and they appreciate the value that we deliver. They're not just price oriented. They're more value focused and we're able to beat the competition, who primarily have been focused on moving boxes from point a to point b at a low price. And so I think that this larger value proposition is helping us win in med-surg.
John H. Hammergren: Well, I think if you look at our track record over the last decade, we've been able to show evidence of our ability to not only grow in line with the marketplace in almost all of our businesses or above in the businesses where there's still opportunities like med-surg, for example. And I think that the fact that our margins have expanded at a nice rate show that there's a value orientation to what we're doing. And our customers aren't only focused on price, and we're selling that value. And you've heard us talk about our various offerings on calls like this and our analyst meetings and with customers if you go to various events that we might be having. And I think a good example would be our ability to, for independent pharmacies, to tie our own software systems for point-of-sale and the automation of the pharmacy dispensing process behind the counter with our RelayHealth pharmacy network to help them adjudicate their claims and optimize their performance along with the automation equipment behind the counter to help them reduce labor and improve productivity and then wrap that in the Health Mart franchise. There are very few -- probably not any companies in the industry that can combine wholesaling with all of that capability under one umbrella in a more integrated way. And surely our, for example, Relay would have share in our competitors' customers from a distribution perspective. But when we tie it into our own customer base, our customers realize the value that they otherwise wouldn't achieve, because of the integration with the systems we're able to provide. So as a simple example, and clearly internally as we manage our book of businesses, we look at the overlap between hospital and distribution and pharmaceuticals with the physician office distribution of medical supplies in those same integrated networks with the IT footprint we have installed and the robotic systems we have in place and the cabinets we have on the floor. So you'll recall that 10 years ago, other companies were pursuing this more integrated approach. And I think that today, we're really the only ones that have got the technology footprint to pull it off. And I think it's been successful for us. Now clearly that success, Tom, wouldn't happen if we couldn't get the price right and the service right. That earns us the privilege to talk about these other things.
John H. Hammergren: Well, I think the biggest change we've seen in the specialty side of the business is the continued interest that physicians have to reach out and get help from someone who's capable of providing that help. And so standalone community oncologists, as an example, are looking for opportunities to automate, opportunities to buy better, opportunities to improve their ability to attract and retain talent and manage their offices, attract patients, adopt best-demonstrated protocols, a whole myriad of things that have caused them to have an increased interest in networking with each other. And clearly our acquisition of US Oncology not only provided us with significant scale, but gave us some capabilities, frankly, that are untouched in the industry in terms of our ability to have an intimate relationship with the physician, allowing them to get back to clinical care, while we take over some of the administrative tasks. Now clearly some of them may choose to sell out to a hospital and some may choose to move into a group that's not affiliated with US Oncology. But I think the days of independent physicians in probably all of our markets are beginning to wane, and the aggregation of physicians plays well to the strategy that McKesson has been laying out for the last decade, and I think we'll benefit from that. But as it relates to competitive pressures in these markets, I think it's fair to say that distribution has always been competitive. And it's particularly competitive if you find it difficult to differentiate your service. So we have been attempting to train our sales force to sell on value. We try to incent them to maintain these relationships and renew them over time. We try not to chase price-oriented-only buyers because it ends up as a futile exercise anyway. And I think we have been successful at that.
John H. Hammergren: Sure, it's also fair to say there's lots of volatility in those valuations as you look at the quarters tick by. So I think patience has been one of our virtues as well.
John H. Hammergren: Well, Ricky, I think what I should have said or meant to say is we're optimistic that our solution set is attractive to physicians. And whether they're existing physicians of ours that are aggregating together or whether they're physicians that don't use any of our services that are aggregating together, will be seen over time. I think our goal is not to gain share for share's sake. Our goal is to grow our business in a profitable way with customers that appreciate the value that we deliver. And we don't plan to compete in a way that doesn't take a holistic view, I guess, of what we have to deliver. And the customers that are interested in a US Oncology relationship with us are the more sophisticated customers that frankly have moved beyond their evaluation from simple distribution services to something much more significant. And so those are the customers that are usually open to that dialogue. I think that we will continue to see progress. Health care is a slow-moving world, and I don't think you're going to see sea changes, but I think, directionally, our view is that we're positively positioned.
John H. Hammergren: Well, we're a little distant from this, Ricky, in that these are questions our customers are probably better suited to answer. From a distance, I would say that there are probably some customers who will move back to their incumbent relationships with Walgreens. But there are probably some customers that have moved away from Walgreens, and they have found another store that is as convenient as where they were buying before. So I really don't feel I'm well-positioned to talk much about the share move. I would say that relative to our warehouse view, I don't think you'll see any material change to our warehouse sales as a result of anything that's going on in the industry.
John H. Hammergren: The clinical conversions -- when we talked about our Horizon to Paragon strategy, we talked about the fact that we believe it is a viable solution for our customers, and that over time they need to evaluate that as an alternative because of its more tightly integrated infrastructure and its lower cost of operations. It also has some build out required to fully function in the way that all of our Horizon customers would require. So we've seen many of our Horizon base evaluate the products. We've seen some of that base already contract to move to Paragon, and some already have moved because of whatever remaining development is necessary and Paragon was not of import to those customers. Others have said, you know what, we're going to go, but we want you to build out another module or we're going to go after we get our Meaningful Use dollars settled and we have a bit of breather. And others frankly will probably wait until they have their Meaningful Use 2 or Meaningful Use 3 situation well in hand before they make that migration. So I think we've made good progress. I frankly am -- continue to be pleased with the reception our customer base has given to the Paragon solution. And frankly, taking it up a level, I think they're quite interested in the larger messages that McKesson has been delivering around our payer business and the need for the payer and provider solutions to come together, and also for our connectivity business. And I think the RelayHealth question is a good one. We are really pleased with our position in RelayHealth. I have to admit that the e-prescribing portion of the market's transition is not a particular profit driver for us. We're in that transaction both in our electronic medical record businesses as well as in Relay. But that's not really where the opportunity lies. The opportunity lies in the continued build out of our financial systems. As you know, we process well over $1 trillion in financial claims over our networks. Our Pharmacy Systems, which not only adjudicate pharmacy claims, but also helped us deliver more value to our customers through things like E-Voucher, where the manufacturers and the retailers work on behalf of the patient to provide better care and other offerings that RelayHealth is building out. Not the least of which is our new clinical information network or health information exchange. So I think we're pleased with our position on Relay. Electronic prescribing is a piece of it, but not the central driver financially.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, the short answer, Larry, is really no. This was the one big group of tax planning initiatives that we thought we'd get to this year and it came a little earlier. The rest of the tax rate will be similar, and boy, our quarterly results the rest of the year will be subject to all the same kind of variability we always have, including a back-half loaded Technology Solutions, a quarter of the usual strong March quarter in Distribution Solutions just due to the structure of our agreements with many brand manufacturers. But I think really none of that is particularly different from we were on April 30.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Yes, I'll just make 2 points. On warehouse sales, I'd just remind you that, that's really not a standalone product. It's a combination that's very valuable to certain of our very largest customers who also do lots of direct store business with us. And we think of those relationships as an overall economic relationship. On the cash issue, I -- maybe I managed to confuse people. So the day of the week that the quarter ended and just the way we happened to have some of our inventory purchases fall, drove a bunch of cash into the September quarter that in past years would have fallen into the June quarter. It had absolutely nothing to do actually with the growth in warehouse sales from one of our larger customers and certainly wasn't tied to -- if you go back a few years with anything going on, on the buy side. It's really just timing of when things got stocked up.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, on the acquisition-related amortization -- just pulling it out here, for the full year, we think it will be about $0.54 based on all the acquisitions that have been completed to date. If you are looking at broader depreciation and amortization, there's not really anything going on unusual from quarter-to-quarter. So you should really be able to take that number and just annualize it.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, remember we've been an acquisitive company for many, many years. And so when you think about acquisition-related amortization, some of it starts to drop off over time. And so I might remind you, for example, we bought Per-Se back in 2007 or thereabouts, and so some of those charges are starting to roll off.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: The other income is going to vary by a little bit each quarter, but there's nothing particularly unusual this quarter. And so I would still take a mixture of look at last year's number, look at this quarter's number and annualize it and pick something in the middle, and that's going to get you pretty close.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, a couple of things. I'd remind you that, yes, we ended with $2 billion of cash. And while we don't call out the offshore cash each quarter, back in March, it was about $1.4 billion. So a good chunk of that cash is offshore. Certainly, we build into our plan each year some amount of share repurchase. We don't call that out publicly. And, frankly, we manage a little bit based on what the acquisition environment offers us, how the year is going relative to the overall targets we've set, et cetera. We have, as a reminder, about $1 billion in outstanding authorization right now from our board. On acquisitions, I don't think anything has changed. So as usual, we see a range of alternatives and opportunities across almost all of our businesses in both segments, where there are companies out there that we think we could uniquely create some value with. But, boy, it's tough to predict when any of those companies are either available for sale or, much more importantly, available for sale at prices that make any sense for our shareholders.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Correct. In fact, I specifically pointed out that we are sticking with our 239 million share outstanding for the year assumption.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, this is really mechanically as simple as we told you back in April 30. This year would be unusually back-end loaded just due to some product GAs that we have in the back half of the year that will hold up wherever I can tell they happen later in the year. And so actually the quarter came in very much as we had expected.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: So for us, given our mix of customers and drugs, the interesting thing is if you look at the revenue decline due to branded drugs losing patent protection, it almost completely matched and was offset by the growth in generic revenues due to all the generic launches. So they were almost identical in size.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Yes, so in the -- we have the unusual accounting around our acquisition of the remaining 50% of the headquarters building we've been in since the 1960s. And so that drives an $81 million gain. We're pulling it out of our adjusted earnings because it's acquisition related. And so that gain netted against a couple of cents of acquisition expenses means that you're going to -- as you do a reconciliation from GAAP to non-GAAP, you've got a $0.19 good guy that you add to the non-GAAP to get to the GAAP.
Eric W. Coldwell: Just a couple of quick ones. Generic, I was curious if we could get the impact on revenue in the quarter.
Eric W. Coldwell: Well, I'd like to get the -- both actually, revenue growth for generics, if you will, and then also the impact on branded conversions.
Eric W. Coldwell: Okay. And then the follow-up or the other quick question is, at the end of your prepared remarks, Jeff, you said something about $0.19 being additive to the number this year. I think I heard that, but the phone cut out, so I was just hoping you could refresh me on that.
