James A. Beer: Well, certainly, obviously, we do include that IOG charge, workforce business charge, in our adjusted earnings. So absent that, yes, we are upping the formal guide by $0.10. But in the first quarter, yes, you're right. We did absorb an $0.11 charge associated with that workforce business.
James A. Beer: Yes, the driver of my comments around the Distribution Solutions' operating margin is really the impact of the Hep C drugs that we saw really having a very strong rollout in this last quarter, and that is what's driving the margin effect.
James A. Beer: Yes, so on the first of your questions, what we've spoken about in the past was that we expected just a modest amount of synergies from Celesio during fiscal '15. So yes, at some level, the pushout of operational control by a few months does have some impact on that. But again, they were modest expectations in the first place, I just want to emphasize that. And in terms of the workforce business and the impact later in the year, I would expect that, that would continue year-over-year because again, we've recast history. So we have all of that in the schedules to the press release. I would expect that, that would continue to create something of a headwind year-over-year for the balance of the fiscal '15.
James A. Beer: Well, I think what I'd say is I'd stick to the annual guide that we've offered. I think given the quarter-to-quarter volatility in our results, it's hard to give directional assistance to you just for a single quarter. And I think this quarter is a good example of that. We saw some price increases both on the branded side and on the generic side move up into this quarter earlier than we had planned. And then also, we saw some of the brand-to-generic conversions that we were expecting pushed further back towards the end of fiscal '15. So I think I'd really just align you to the overall annual guide.
James A. Beer: Well, you've seen Gilead announce their results, and I'd just say that directionally, our revenues coming out of Sovaldi, for example, would have been in line with the overall market share across the 3 big distributors in this country.
James A. Beer: Well, the guidance that I offered a little earlier, mathematically it represents a very modest reduction in margins for Distribution Solutions. And obviously, those have been going up consistently in recent years. And at Analyst Day, you'll recall that we reset the long-term margin goal for Distribution Solutions up to between 250 and 300 basis points. So modest impact from these Hep C drugs in the short term.
James A. Beer: Yes. And that magnitude that we talked about when we offered the guide for fiscal '15 was high single-digit growth year-over-year.
John H. Hammergren: Well, we did think -- we do think there was some pull-forward, George, of our generic price inflation models for the full fiscal year, but we really don't change -- we haven't changed our outlook if you think about it on a full year basis. So I think right now it's early for our fiscal year, but we believe that the guidance we gave you at the beginning of the year is still reasonable.
John H. Hammergren: Well, it's difficult to account for what the Affordable Care Act effect is in our business. We came into the year believing there would be some modest effect from it and we still believe that's the case. We really had strength across the entire segment of Rx revenues, Canada and Specialty, in particular, came in very strong for us. So I think we're pleased with the momentum that we have. And as you mentioned, the Hep C drugs were also a surprise to us, of how quickly they've been taken up, and the volumes that we received there. So I think, overall, we're pleased with the performance of the revenues in that business.
John H. Hammergren: It's basically the same form that we've had with them in the past in terms of the service and the relationship. So we're pleased to have renewed it, and we think it continues to show the quality of the service and the relationships we have with our customers.
John H. Hammergren: We're really pleased with the continued performance in our relationship with Rite Aid. I would say that our contract negotiations are -- have progressed the way we had anticipated. The conversation around September was probably more focused on our delivery of generics to their individual stores. So we are probably better than halfway through the implementation of store delivery of generics directed by McKesson, and that will continue to evolve until we have 100% of that responsibility as we get to the fall time frame.
John H. Hammergren: I think you -- our guidance anticipates the effect of Rite Aid's business flowing through McKesson. And so I -- other than the dilutive effect, it has been a bit of a surprise from Hep C from a margin rate perspective. The rest of the performance of the business is right in line with our expectations.
John H. Hammergren: I think it comes from many of the sources that you just highlighted. Clearly, the brand and generic performance in the quarter was very strong. We're pleased with the revenue growth we received, in particular, out of Canada and in Specialty. But even our standard Rx business has been supported by robust growth really across-the-board. And the continued uptake of our generic portfolio, the strength of Northstar, our ability to continue to bring market share to our customer base and the strength of OneStop, our generic program in our markets, continues to remain very strong. So I really feel like the businesses in North American pharmaceuticals are performing very well.
John H. Hammergren: Yes, I think so. Overall, we're basically in line with our expectations. As you noted, in their comments, they've talked a little bit about where their strength is coming and where some of their weaknesses are. And I think that their commentary is generally in line with what we expected.
John H. Hammergren: Well, as you point out, there are a couple of uses of the cash that we already have sort of planned into our future. One is the purchase of the remaining outstanding shares of Celesio. We still have 24% left to accumulate, which we believe will happen over time, as well as the debt repayment that we've committed to accomplish as we go forward. We want to remain investment-grade, as we've indicated. And that, as a backdrop, will probably cause us to continue to have a portfolio approach to our capital deployment. But it doesn't mean that we won't return to shareholders, through dividends and share repurchase, some of that cash. But what it does mean is that our priority is to make sure we maintain investment grade and that we avail ourselves of opportunities from an M&A perspective that make sense, which we've done on a regular basis.
John H. Hammergren: Well, I think that we believe the Med-Surg business is growing in line with our original expectations. So we think mid-single-digits is probably where we're going to be. So it's a little softer in the quarter than we would have -- we would forecast for the full year. And I think the softness is really in line with what we believe the market performed at for the first [indiscernible] for us. And I have to emphasize that we're really pleased with the continued progress of Med-Surg. From an integration perspective, we are really accomplishing our objectives there, and the team is doing a good job.
John H. Hammergren: Well, we think our early success with the implementation of the Rite Aid relationship as well as our continued performance in these businesses is an indication of our customers' reliance on our ability to work in partnership with them to deliver superior results. And I think we continue to work with those customers that have not fully availed themselves of the offerings that we have to make sure that they understand the kind of results we think we can obtain together and to help them quantify, not only the savings from sourcing with us, but also the savings associated with having us manage the logistics requirements associated with the purchase of product as well. And there's still significant customers that are somewhat redundant with us related to those deliveries that we think afford both of us opportunities. Having said that, these are big strategic decisions that have to be made and it'll take some time for some customers, I think, to reach the same conclusion that others have already reached. But I think our performance, as the first quarter shows, is an indication of customers' continued reliance on our ability to help them on many dimensions, including sourcing of products.
John H. Hammergren: Well, if you set aside the surprise we had, so to speak, going into this quarter, which was the lack of our ability to exit the portion of the international operations business that we had related to the workforce and to run that contract out as opposed to selling it, if you set that aside and you actually look at the performance of the business, it's basically in line with our expectation. And what we've been focused on there is making sure that we have the appropriate operating margin for businesses of this type. That we're growing the earnings of the business in a way that's responsible and reflects the opportunity that we see in front of us. That the growth coming from the positive businesses in that segment are able to offset the drag associated with businesses that are not growing, as we know that they won't in certain categories there. In particular, the Horizon Clinical business that we're in the process of winding our way out of. And I would say that the last dimension that's important to us is these businesses are significant cash producers for us and I think the management team knows how to operate them. So the bumpiness on occasion is caused by things like IOG that we didn't fully expect to roll back into operations, and we'll work our way through that as well. I think at the portfolio level, we have a responsibility to look at this business as well as all of our businesses, not so much in the aggregate in the way that we report them, perhaps. But if you disaggregate them, there are a lot of the smaller businesses and product lines that make up these 2 large segments -- or 3 large segments now. And I think what we're focused on is how do we make sure that we've got the right portfolio of products and services in those segments to grow the business.
John H. Hammergren: I can't really comment on other's -- other people's comments. But what I would say is that I would reflect on the fact that we all have different fiscal years. We all have different portfolios of generics. We have different proprietary programs in the generic world. We have different relationships with generic manufacturers. And having said all of that, our point of view on generic price inflation for our fiscal year remains unchanged from the guidance we gave you at the beginning of our fiscal year. The only thing that we really tried to clarify in this call was that we believe some of that inflation was pulled forward in the first quarter, but our full year remains sort of intact with our previous view. So I know that it's a complex, complex discussion to have. Just also makes it even more complex when we're trying to forecast the behavior of others in the channel where we don't have complete visibility. So it's -- frustrating, as it may be to you sometimes, we can't tell you what our goal for generic inflection will be for 12 months out. But frankly, it's a little bit of a black box for us as well, and have to make educated and informed estimates as to what we think will happen. And sometimes, those estimates are off either from a timing perspective or from a magnitude perspective. And what we're saying here is that really we're seeing some timing differences. But the magnitude, we think, will remain relatively the same.
