Britt Vitalone: Well, good morning Bob. And thanks for that question. Let me see if I can answer those in order. In terms of our guidance for the U.S. Pharmaceutical segment, as I mentioned, our assumption around branded price inflation is mid-single digit. And that’s really in line with what we’ve been experiencing here in our fourth quarter and it’s really aligned with fiscal 2019. Our conversations with our manufacturing partners continue to be very productive, we have conversations with our manufacturing partners on a regular basis, we feel like we’re very well-positioned in those conversations. And there’s nothing in our conversations today that would suggest anything different from the guidance that I provided you. As it relates to the contingent portion, again, I wouldn’t point to anything new here. We continue to have really constructive conversations with our manufacturing partners and we’re really feeling like that fiscal 2020 sets up pretty similar to fiscal 2019.
Britt Vitalone: Yes, well thanks for that question. Let me start and then I’ll have Brian add some commentary here. As we were going through last year, we provided you the best guidance that we had for fiscal 2019 and we talked about opioid related costs being in excess of $100 million for FY2019. As we said, our guide, again, what we’re doing is giving you the best visibility that we have to those costs. I outlined that as $150 million for FY2020. It’s very difficult to forecast these out, these really are dependent on the speed of the trials, the decisions that the judges make along these cases and it’s hard for us to predict that. And so what we’ve done here is given you our FY2020 view as we sit here today on how we think those trials might progress and what we think those costs might be to defend in those litigation proceedings.
Britt Vitalone: Well Eric good morning and thank you for the question. Obviously we’re very pleased to be able to announce the renewal of our CVS agreement this morning. It’s a long time partnership that we’ve enjoyed with them. I would say that I don’t characterize this renewal as really any different than many of the others I’ve been through with CVS, in the years. These are big business relationships, complicated business relationships. And we worked through those discussions in a way that obviously we reached the feeling that it was mutually beneficial for us to continue to go forward. And so we’re really excited about our partnership with CVS and the economics of that renewal as always have been built into the numbers we shared with you this morning.
Britt Vitalone: Yes, thanks for that question. I think as we’ve talked about before, there are several areas that we were really focused on as we think about not only cost cuts and spending behaviors and disciplines themselves, but also we’re going through some operating model optimization efforts in our finance operations, in legal HR and our technology and we’ve also talked about investments that we’re making in technology, and data and analytics.  We’ve also talked about some things in our finance operating model like the partnership with Genpact as we’ve expanded that. So I wouldn’t think of it just as cost cutting. Spend discipline is important, it’s important component to that. But we’re also going through some operating model optimization capabilities and we’ve made some really great progress, particularly in the areas of technology and in finance. In the area of technology, we’re in a position now to reinvest back into that, invest in infrastructure and also invest in data and analytics capabilities.
Britt Vitalone: Thanks for that question, Kevin. I’ll start and what I would say to you as a starting point is we’re pleased to be able to provide an outlook for our U.S. Pharma and Specialty Solutions segment which returns to growth next year. And I think that’s on multiple dimensions. We’ve certainly made some advances in our specialty business and continue to see good growth there. As we talked about, we’re seeing relative stability in the manufactured price increase area of our business. And as it relates to generics, we don’t provide specific guidance on inflation or deflation rates. What I would tell you though is that we are very comfortable with the sourcing capabilities that we have through ClarusONE and continue to drive good value out of that. And on the sell side, we have great compliance with our customers. We utilize our capability and scale from ClarusONE to provide really good value to our customers. And we believe that we’re continuing to create an appropriate spread, which is in a market that is competitive yet stable. And so we’re very comfortable operating in that environment. And overall, that leads us to be able to provide you an outlook for the segment that has low-to-mid single-digit growth in 2020.
Britt Vitalone: First of all – yes, thank you, Kevin. First all it is narrower than the guidance that we provided last year. We have certainly put together plans and constructed these plans with a lot of really good information and visibility into our business units. I think as you think about the top end of the range, certainly continued growth in our Specialty business would propel us there. We’ve had very strong growth in our Medical-Surgical business, continuing to grow patient home delivery and the investments we’ve made there, we call those out. We think that those are going to deliver some upside in 2020 and beyond. And our ongoing cost management efforts will take hold as we get further into the period to FY2021. On the downside, I think, things that could happen could be the outcome of U.S. drug pricing reform or additional regulatory impacts in our international market, which, again, we called out, we are not contemplating those, but those are things that could happen that drive us to the lower end of that range.
Britt Vitalone: Well, again, I would just point to, as I mentioned, our share count assumption is 185 million at the end of FY2020. As Brian talked about and we’ve talked about in the past, we look at our capital deployment on a balanced perspective and trying to drive the most value for our shareholders. And as we think about FY2020, we think that capital deployment towards share repurchases is still an important component of that. And we believe that our share price is undervalued at this point, so that certainly is going to be a component of how we think about capital deployment.
Britt Vitalone: Yes, thanks for that question. What we have told you is that we expect to have $400 million to $500 million of cost savings by the end of FY2021 full year. Comfortable raising that target given the actions that we’ve taken here in the last quarter, we haven’t provided specific year-to-year guidance on that. What I have said is that in FY2019 the savings that we generated were largely invested back in the business. We talked about our information technology infrastructure, and data and analytics capabilities. So you should view FY2019 as largely reinvested back in the business. As we progress through the time period over FY2020 and now FY2021, we would expect that those savings will increase over time and then you should expect to see more and more of those hit the bottom line, but we haven’t provided specific year-to-year or quarter-to-quarter guidance on the numbers.
Britt Vitalone: Thanks, Steve, for that question. It’s great question, let me just clarify that. The cost savings programs that we put in place, which include the optimization of our operating models, are enterprise wide. So as we think about cost savings, it’s really disciplined on an enterprise basis which would include our corporate functions. As we think about our operating model optimization efforts, whether that’d be in finance, or technology or HR, clearly those will be enterprise wide as well. So as we think about, these are really holistic programs where we expect the benefits to have an impact not only within the segments, but also within our corporate expense line as well.
Britt Vitalone: Thanks for that question. Clearly there will be generic launches in every year. I think as we think about this, we don’t expect a material profit difference in FY2020 than FY2019 from generic launches. So there will be, what we would expect to be, a modest impact from generic launches in FY2020.
Britt Vitalone: Thanks for the question. As I talked about in my remarks, in fiscal 2019 in our other segment we had the benefit from the $90 million reversal of a contractual liability within our Change Healthcare business. And so that, obviously, we will be lapping that in fiscal 2020, that is the primary change. And that is really partially offsetting some good growth and some good expansion that we’re seeing, particularly in our MRxTS business.
Britt Vitalone: Yes, thanks for that question. What I would be prepared to say now is our guidance assumes the litigation costs and that number is $150 million. We don’t have any visibility into anything beyond that. So it would be inappropriate for us to really comment on it at this time. As things come up, or there are decisions that are being made, we’ll certainly provide that guidance and visibility to you. But as it relates to our guidance today, it’s the $150 million in opioid-related litigation costs, which are in our corporate segment.
Britt Vitalone: I would just remind you that we took a charge in the fourth quarter related to that business and we’ve also been hard at work in terms of optimizing our store portfolio, rationalizing our back office support functions and we think all of those will begin to yield benefit.
Brian Tyler: Alright, I think, you covered it well Britt. It is difficult to forecast exactly. It’s the little bit of art and a little bit of science obviously. We’re prepared to make the investment we need to make to prepare a proper defense and protect our shareholders’ interests. As information unfolds and judges decisions and schedules and proceedings occur, we’ll be committed to keep this group updated. I would say in general, I think, if you look at the operating expense environment and discipline in the core operations, I’m very pleased with the trajectory and the progress that we’re making. It is being offset by investments in opioid defense and some very specific targeted investments we’re making into the business as part of our strategic growth initiatives.
Brian Tyler: Eric maybe I’ll just answer your second question here. As we think about the progression of earnings over the course of the year we don’t provide quarterly guidance, but what I would say to you is that as we look at the year, you should expect that our earnings will be roughly the same first half to second half is what we experienced in FY’19.
Brian Tyler: Thank you, Elizabeth. Well, we obviously did take a charge of approximately $20 million in the fourth quarter in the UK. But I would say if you step back and look at Europe overall, we were really in line with our growth expectations in most of the countries. And we’re pleased with the performance. We feel like with the headwinds we’ve experienced over the past years in the UK and the management actions that we’ve taken, which includes really, building a new leadership team there, a rationalizing our store portfolio, restructuring the operations, is the work we’ve done that gives us, gives us confidence to feel that we can, you know, get Europe back to very modest growth next year.
Brian Tyler: Thanks for the question, Michael. Obviously, as we enter these discussions, we are well aware and informed of the regulatory environment as frankly were our customers. And as we have been evolving our model over the past years to think about how we think of different product, classes and the services we provide around those classes and the economics we get with those classes, that kind of all goes into the mix, and is the context in the backdrop for these conversations. As we think about the gross to net environment and things of that nature, I would remind folks that there is a little bit of a natural hedge on the buy and the sell side for us. But at least these are all well considered and well contemplated, frankly, on both sides as we entered into these agreements and we have baked the results of these renewals into the guide that we’ve reviewed to you this morning. And we’re very comfortable in the relationships and excited to extend our business partnership with both Rite Aid and CVS.
Brian Tyler: I would just add, I don’t think the message should be that we don’t see good M&A opportunities, or good growth opportunities for this Company. We have had a good track record. And some of our recent deals, I think, have been highly successful for us. But what we are doing is really being very focused on where that M&A might occur and making sure it’s aligned with our strategic growth initiative and the three growth pillars that we have aligned. And we make those decisions, obviously, in the context of where our share price is today and what we think the relative attractiveness of share buybacks versus M&A are. So we do have good opportunities. We are and will continue to be active in looking for growth or capabilities that might come to us through M&A, but doing that in a very disciplined way.
Brian Tyler: And I think about it that we’re in the early phases of our efficiency initiatives are producing, we’re making a calculated decision in some instances to invest that back into the business. As those efficiency efforts continue to grow, the investments will begin to wane off, you’ll see a bigger impact.
Brian Tyler: Thanks for the question, Charles. So first off, I would remind everybody that the Part D safe harbor does not really impact our business model directly. We are not contemplated in that. So what we’re really talking about in the course of that reform is what are the implications for retailers and manufacturers, and then how might that ultimately impact us. We do think that we have some scaled and significant capabilities to help address the solution for this area. That would be not just the wholesaler chargeback infrastructure and technology, which really operates at big scale and highly efficient today, but also through our relay switch business. We are transacting 18 billion, 19 billion transactions at the pharmacy desktop each and every day – well, not each and every day, each and every year as we speak. And so while each one of those solutions by itself is probably not what’s going to be required to administer whatever comes out, and we think it will actually come out pretty soon in terms of a final rule. We think the underlying capabilities will be there. And so what we’re really looking for in the rule is what does HHS, say, relative to transparency? What are they going to stipulate in terms of the service providers that can support this? And frankly, what is the time frame for the implementation? And contemplating all those things, we will look at how we bring our capabilities which are unique to us, not all of them. We all have the chargeback capability but relay switch business is a little bit unique to McKesson. And if the opportunity is there for us to play a differentiated role or be part of the solution, that’s something that we would certainly, look to do. But we’ll also approach it with the seriousness that these are massively scaled transactions with big financial implications for all party and so anything that we would roll out would have to be robust, tested and reliable.
Brian Tyler: Yes, really that’s a good question, and that’s one that we’re probably not prepared to answer right now until we see what the final rule looks like. I mean, I will say that we have long been an important part of supporting the independent customer base with a really broad array of solutions from helping on the reimbursement side of the business, helping with the cost, the reporting, obviously, generic procurement programs. And as this rolls out and we see what the impact and evolutions are, we’ll assess our capabilities whether they support the services, our balance sheet, figure out how to best support the independent and retail community pharmacy space. But it would be premature to make any definitive statements.
Brian Tyler: Thank you, David. And thank you, operator. Unfortunately, we’re out of time. So I want to thank all of you who joined us on the call this morning, particularly those with questions. And we appreciate your support and interest in McKesson. We have a clear strategy and a solid operating plan for fiscal 2020 and exciting growth opportunities across McKesson. I remain confident in our future. Thanks again for joining us this morning. I’ll now hand the call to Holly for her review of upcoming events for the financial community.
David Larsen: Hi. It looks like you are guiding pretty good operating profit growth for fiscal 2020 across all segments with the exception of other. Can you just remind me what is going on in other that is going to basically cause the entire enterprise’s operating income, it looks like to decline possibly to low-single digits in fiscal 2020. Thanks.
David Larsen: Okay. And then with the opioid litigation costs, I mean, some of the numbers we’re hearing from these litigator are very, very high. Like, would you expect to include those cost of litigation in your adjusted EPS going forward beyond fiscal 2020 or would you view those as one-time items? Thanks.
David Larsen: Okay and then just the last one from me. You had $23 million of operating income in European Pharma Solutions this quarter. I mean, it looks like we’re expecting a pretty big rebound in fiscal 2020. Just, what’s going to drive that? And I’ll stop there. Thanks a lot.
