Craig Mercer: Thank you, Greg. Good afternoon, and welcome to the McKesson Fiscal 2019 Third Quarter Earnings Call. I'm joined today by John Hammergren, McKesson's Chairman and CEO; Brian Tyler, McKesson's President and Chief Operating Officer and incoming CEO; and Britt Vitalone, McKesson's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. John will provide opening remarks. Brian will provide a business update. And Britt will review the financial results for the quarter. After Britt's comments, we will open the call for your questions. We plan to end the call promptly after 1 hour at 3:00 p.m. Eastern Time. Before we begin, I remind listeners that during the course of this call, we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties regarding the operations and future results of McKesson. In addition to the company's periodic current and annual reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, please refer to the next - please refer to the text of our press release and forward-looking statements slide for a discussion of the risks associated with such forward-looking statements. Please note that on today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. In particular, we will reference adjusted earnings, adjusted operating profit and margin and free cash flow and items excluding foreign currency exchange effects. We believe these non-GAAP measures provide useful information for investors with regard to the company's operating performance and comparability of financial results period-over-period. Please refer to our press release announcing third quarter fiscal 2019 results and the supplemental slide presentation for further information and a reconciliation of the non-GAAP performance measures to the GAAP financial results. The supplemental presentation is useful in reviewing the fiscal 2019 versus fiscal 2018 results discussed today. Finally, for those who have not yet met her, I would like to introduce Holly Weiss. Holly Weiss was recently appointed Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. My transition to Holly will be completed ahead of our year-end earnings call. On a personal note, I would like to thank John, Brian and Britt as well as the investment community for the opportunity to work with everyone over the last few years. And with that, thank you. And here is John Hammergren.
Craig Mercer: Thanks for that. So I think as we've talked about, we're very pleased with the quarter, and there's a lot of things that both Brian and I outlined and we view as providing momentum as we go into Q4. And certainly, we feel very strongly about as we move forward. We talked about our medical business and we had very good performance in our medical business, not only from the acquisition of MSD, but the rest of the business performed quite well also. We talked a little bit about our McKesson Prescription Technology business, and we were certainly seeing good -- new product growth as well as good revenue growth in that business. And then our U.S. Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions business, again, as we talked about, we had the customer charge in the quarter. Outside of that customer charge and the reversal from the New York State Opioid Stewardship Act, we would have had growth in the quarter. And so we feel that there's really strong growth underneath in that business as well. So there is a number of areas in our business that are performing quite well. We certainly feel good about the position that we're in as we close the third quarter and as we have momentum going into the fourth quarter. Those will be a few of the areas that I would point out to you right now.
Craig Mercer: Thank you, Brian. On Thursday, February 28, we will present at Leerink Partners 8th Annual Global Healthcare Conference in New York, and we look forward to releasing our fourth quarter earnings results in early May.
Brian Tyler: Hey, Ross. It's Brian. Thanks for the question. I didn't see that flash across my e-mail screen as I walked into the conference room here. I thought we might get a question. First, let me say that we support programs that enhance access, quality and cost. And if we think about the wholesaler model and how our economics and the supply chain works, we're not directly predicated on the safe harbor in question. Our economics really come from the manufacturer and revolve around the fair value of the services that we provide to them. We continue to believe that we run a highly efficient distribution and supply chain service and that they, over the years, have reinforced that view. And through various evolutions in our market and our industry, we continue to be paid fair value for the services that we provide, and that's based on the conversations that we've been engaged in today. We continue to believe that, that will be the case. So I might also just comment that we are not just a supply chain company in terms of logistics, but a pretty sophisticated financial operation as well. And on behalf of our manufacturers today, we administer lots of contract prices between manufacturers and hospitals or manufacturers and pharmacies. And millions of -- literally millions of price item customer combinations today, we do it at scale and we do it with great accuracy. And in our pharmacy technology businesses that you heard Britt talk about in terms of their strong credit performance, we have very sophisticated at-scale pharmaceutical-related transactions, over 17 billion a year, connecting directly at the pharmacy counter. So clearly, we will continue to engage in conversations with our manufacturer and other partners as people shift through the implications of what has just come out. But I focus you back on -- we continue to believe that we deliver a very important service in the pharmaceutical supply chain. We continue to be paid for that service that has evolved over the years. We expect it will continue to evolve. But the net-net, we would expect we'll continue to be paid appropriately for the services that we provide.
Brian Tyler: Well, we were certainly pleased with the operational performance of many of our businesses in the quarter. And as we've talked over the past months, we did see brand inflation come in line with where we had expected it to. That was a good development and provides some good underpinning for us. We see the generic market as reaching some point of stabilization. It's always competitive, but it's competitive in the sense we feel confident, are comfortable historically. And we do think that the focus that we've had over the past few months on the operating models and the discipline is beginning to resonate across our businesses. So I think I would say I feel real good about the quarter -- the operational quarter that the business put up.
Brian Tyler: Thanks for the question, James. And we were pretty pleased with medical business. I would characterize it as pretty solid performance really across the business. Most of our segments performed on or ahead of where we had expected them to. We performed well on the gross profit line. I think we saw them upside from expenses, and this is an environment where we're operating in a normalized flu season, where in a typical year, we would expect a little more tailwind from flu. We're in more normal than, say, last year's really strong season. And I think part of it is just good execution. We're obviously continuing to benefit from the MSD acquisition. And as we progress in the integration of the MSD acquisition, we feel good about the progress we're making, and it continues to be on track. So I look at the medical business and just feel a pretty solid performance really up and down the P&L.
Brian Tyler: Yes, thank you, Lisa. I'll may be make a couple of remarks and then let Britt add some color. Just with regards to the performance of the business in Q3, I think I characterize it as pretty solid and feeling good across many of our businesses. I don't believe there was any unique pull forward, or I think of it as just core solid operating performance.
Brian Tyler: I'll take the first part of your question, Eric. And as you well know, it's -- the health care supply chains are incredibly complicated with lots of actors playing various different roles. I mean, as it particularly relates to opioid, we get the products to DEA-licensed pharmacies. They fulfill those based on scripts written by DEA-licensed physicians. And the DEA itself even controls the overall quantity of opioids in the marketplace. And so while we have a role in that physical supply chain, I would say that we would -- we feel like a disproportionate amount of the attention has been placed on wholesalers to this point.
Brian Tyler: And we do take this responsibility in a very serious way. At this point, where we are, we think it's very important that we invest in the legal defense, that we get the best lawyers to represent us in that defense. And as Britt said, it's very difficult to predict where and how and when these things will evolve. But our commitment is to be good stewards of the capital that you have invested in us, and we will continue to keep you updated as the process unfolds.
Brian Tyler: Thanks, Brian. I'll start with we have a long-standing relationship with CVS. We've been long time partners. And we think that we service their business to the highest standards and levels that can be found in the industry. So we value and appreciate the relationship we've had with them over the years, and we would fully expect that we will continue that relationship. We are in discussions with them currently around the renewal and extension of that agreement. And like we've said many times, I think if you look at the industry, there's a pretty good track record of renewing these. And certainly for McKesson, we feel very strongly that our track record of renewing and maintaining these relationships is strong, other than the occasional loss from the acquisition-related activity. We think CVS well respects the work their associates do on their behalf. And so we enter into these discussions. We have every full expectation to renew it. Now we often talk about CVS as the big customer for the U.S. Pharma business, and that certainly is true. We also have relationships with them in our RelayHealth and some other parts of the company as well. So it's a pretty big broad comprehensive relationship overall, and we're optimistic that we will continue that relationship.
Brian Tyler: Yes, great. Thank you for that question. As I -- we think about addressing an issue like this. And when I think about health care, it's pretty fundamentally connected upstream, downstream. I mean, whether it's employers, payers, PBMs, wholesalers, retail pharmacies, it's a pretty interconnected system. And we're fortunate in McKesson that really have businesses, solutions and relationships across multiple of those constituents. So we tend to talk on these calls a lot about the dialogues we have with manufacturers, but we certainly have dialogues with those other constituent customers as well. And I think one of the great strengths of McKesson is breadth of reach that we have and the capabilities we have, including some unique capabilities like CoverMyMeds and RelayHealth, which we would think there is good potential for some opportunities. It's contingent, of course, on how this evolves. But when we meet with our partners, whether that's upstream or downstream, we try to bring the fully capability and complement of McKesson into those discussions, not to let it get narrowly focused on just one piece.
Brian Tyler: Yes. Thank you for the question. It certainly is a dynamic time in our industry. And we often, I think in these calls, focus on clouds. And the fact of the matter is, when I look at McKesson and I look at the breadth of the businesses we have, I look at the reach in the channels, I look at the positioning in the community-based channels and the capabilities whether they're supply chain, whether they're software, pharmaceutical transaction or Medical-Surgical related, I think we've got this a tremendously broad set of assets and capabilities, unbelievably talented teams. And that change creates great opportunities for companies like ours that can bring these assets together in unique and differentiated ways on behalf of biopharma partners, on behalf of provider customers. I think to me that's the really exciting part of it, and that's the real opportunity that lies ahead. And so that's where I'll be spending my time, with our partners upstream, downstream and with our teams that are dedicated on delivering the value to those partners in and out every day.
Brian Tyler: I think - the reality is we're going to see how things evolve here and how various constituents respond to the proposal that's been laid out. What I feel good about when I think about the capabilities at McKesson, and I mentioned this in my comments, is the fact that we do financial transactions, we do pharmaceutical transactions today in various parts of our business at scale with high accuracy, with really mature, developed, established incredible reputation for performance around those. And so I do think, as we looked how the markets will respond, how various segments will respond, we are in a good position to be able to provide solutions, kind of whatever that evolution is.
John Hammergren: And I might just underpin that as I mentioned in my remarks, excluding the MSD acquisition, which Brian mentioned is performing well in terms of integration, grew at about 8% growth year-over-year. So that's really solid for our growth within the ongoing business really across that business. So 8%, excluding MSD, I think it really underpins Brian's comments about the solid performance of that segment.
John Hammergren: Well, as I've mentioned in past comments, we always expect some level of reimbursement headwind. We have experienced in the prior few years abnormally high headwinds, I would say. That's clearly challenged the business. If I think about the current reimbursement landscape, there were -- the NHS typically does a 3-year plan, and this is the third year of the plan, and that plan would have called for them to push through some pharmacy-specific cuts, which they elected to not do, which we took as a mild positive that the NHS in tune with the landscape of community pharmacy in the U.K. Obviously, they've come out with the 10-year -- the NHS England's 10-year plan and community pharmacy was highlighted in that plan as having an important role in addressing cost, access and quality for them. This -- just this week, yesterday or maybe even this morning, in fact, NHS announced some incremental funding into the provision of community health around GPs, but also including other health care professionals, which we think just continues to reinforce their view of the importance of community provision of health and addressing the cost challenges of NHS. We're still digesting a lot of that. And I would not want to ever declare a victory on the reimbursement front, just given recent experience. But we would like to think that we've probably gone through the most significant of that. Now it's really a matter of how we continue to evolve the retail pharmacy model and to be a more integrated part of health care delivery in the communities in England.
John Hammergren: David, thanks for that question. I'll start, and then I'll Brian jump in. As we've talked about before, we were very pleased obviously with renegotiating or renewing Rite Aid for a longer period of time. We think that there's strategic opportunities for both of us. As we've also said, this was renewed within our guidance. So there will be -- with the guidance that we gave you today includes the renewal with Rite Aid.
John Hammergren: Yes, we don't give specific ranges on the rates of generic deflation. But as Brian mentioned, we're seeing a more stable or more normalized environment around generics. Again, I think it's important to look at both the sell-side as well as the buy-side. On the sell-side, we are seeing a competitive marketplace, as we've seen for many years. And then we expect that to continue, but we're seeing a very stable environment. And then on the buy-side, we're very pleased with the performance that we have at ClarusONE. We think that, that entity is still performing quite well and it is providing us the opportunity to continue to work very closely with the manufacturers. And we think that the buy-side environment is more normal in terms of historical ranges, and it's a more stable environment than it has been several quarters ago. So we're very pleased with the environment that we're in. It's a competitive environment, but a more stable one.
