Britt Vitalone: Yes. Hey Eric. Thanks for that question. As we talked about, we had significant growth in revenues in the quarter. And as I mentioned, specifically in our U.S. Pharma and Specialty Solutions business, we had growth that caused us to raise our guidance for the full-year. And I also pointed to the fact that a great portion of that came from specialty products and in particular from the growth of Caremark through growth of new customers there. And that had an impact on our gross profit rate in terms of comparing that to our revenue growth. We did have a 1% impact from foreign exchange. So when you looked at our gross profit, 3% when you exclude the impact of foreign exchange. But I would point you back to the fact that our revenue grew faster than we had anticipated at the beginning of the year. It's largely coming from the onboarding of some customer wins through Caremark and there's a customer and product mix aspect to that where the products are largely coming through specialty products. And that's really what's driving that delta between revenue growth and gross profit growth.
Britt Vitalone: Yes. Eric, we are seeing that. As Brian talked about, we continue to see great benefits coming from our ClarusONE Sourcing organization. We're able to generate a good savings there this year. We're seeing stability on the sell-side and that's allowing us to continue to create a spread from a generic perspective. In our Specialty businesses, Brian, I think talked a lot about our provider business, our advances that we have in manufacturer services, and the lead that we have in from a U.S. Oncology as an asset. But we're seeing a lot of growth that is coming through our full line wholesale distribution. And as I mentioned, that's particularly coming from the growth of large customers like Caremark.
Britt Vitalone: Yes. What I would say is that we're reiterating our view that brand price inflations mid single-digit. We don't see anything that has occurred on the first half of the year or this quarter that would change that expectation. So we're continuing to view brand price – in the mid single-digits. Obviously, January is a usually an important month historically. But at this point, we're not changing our view on branded price inflation.
Britt Vitalone: Yes. Thanks for that question. So let me just step back to the revenue guidance. Our prior revenue guidance was low single-digit to mid single-digit. And so we've updated that to high single-digit, and that's largely reflective of the growth that we're seeing that's coming from Caremark and particularly, Specialty products that are going through that customer. That's really what's driving this. In terms of the drop due to the bottom line. We're really pleased that we're able to make investments in the business. I talked about $25 million of investments in our oncology and manufacturer services capabilities. And despite those investments, we're pleased to be able to hold and then affirm our guidance for the segment on AOP at that low single- to mid single-digit number. So I would call this as a growth from one of our customers that is primarily coming through Specialty. We're making investments where we have leading positions and great capabilities and I talked about that as being an additional $25 million, but we're still holding and affirming the AOP guide or the segment.
Britt Vitalone: Sure. Well, I'd just reiterate a couple things that branded price inflation is performing as we had anticipated. We're seeing really good progress out of ClarusONE and so our – from a generic perspective, everything is performing as we had anticipated, still stable competitive marketplace. I think a couple of things that I would point out that Brian really talked about is our Specialty Provider business is performing quite well. And certainly the investments that we've been making in our manufacturer services capabilities and that we're continuing to make there, that’s also performing well. So I think as you think about our Specialty business, we're getting a lot of growth through customer wins in our Wholesale Distribution business. We're making great advances in our Provider business and our manufacturer services capabilities.
Britt Vitalone: And I think if you look at how we've deployed capital in the first half of the year, it's pretty historical amount of capital that's been deployed. We've returned a lot of capital to our shareholders, particularly in the second quarter. And as Brian mentioned, we'll continue to evaluate, really on a balanced perspective. But we haven't made any changes to the amount or how we're deploying capital at this point.
Britt Vitalone: Yes, thanks for the question. I think as we've talked about, we expect that the business will continue to improve its performance in the back half, and then Brian also talked about some nominal increases in the tariffs in the UK. And we would expect that there could be additional increases in the back half of the year. So that's really what is driving that second half performance.
Britt Vitalone: Yes, as we've talked about before and as we think about specialty distribution in our wholesale – line of wholesale business, they do have a dilutive impact on the rate. We still participate in the profit dollars. It's just grown a lot faster than we had anticipated and that's at a much more dilutive impact on the rate of growth. As we think about the investments that we're making as Brian talked about, we are very pleased with our positions in oncology, our positions that we're developing in manufacturer services, and as we think about this $25 million, it will be largely invested in oncology capabilities and assets. But again, we're continuing to invest in our manufacturing services capabilities as well. But you should think about this investment as investing where we have leading-edge positions and oncology is certainly one of those.
Britt Vitalone: I think the relationships with the manufacturers in NorthStar have really evolved over the years that are quite productive, and I think that's what's supporting the success that we're seeing there.
Brian Tyler: Good morning, Lisa. Thank you for the question. You did your math correct. We were 38% of that settlement. Obviously, there is data in the marketplace, the ARCOS data in particular that many of you are aware and familiar with. That data can be cut lots of ways depending on how you look at time periods, and how you look at customer segments, and whether you consider doses, et cetera, et cetera. And so part of the discussions that we had to go through was a methodology and we landed on a data-based methodology, and so you can roughly think of 38% as the McKesson representation of “our share”.
Brian Tyler: Yes. That's right. Thank you, Lisa. I mean our objective and priority continues to be, we'll call it, sometimes global resolution or ring-fencing and that remains our priority. Our view on these two counties and coming to the settlement agreement we did with them was that that was an important stepping stone or building block or momentum for those, for the more global discussions to progress. And so we're encouraged by the status of the discussions. There is a lot of activity and things that we need to continue to work through, and we are actively working through those. We're working through those with some urgency. But it will take a bit of time to get through those. We're talking about 50 States and we're talking about subdivisions within States. So we've got a framework that we're very optimistic about. The teams are working diligently to address the issues. We'll progress it as quickly as we can, but obviously, we contemplate the two paths we've always talked about. There's a path to litigate, which only can project amount of time and amount of dollars to go down that path. And then there is a path that we think ring-fence is a risk and give us other resolution that it will take the path that we think is most beneficial for our shareholders. We certainly are anxious to find a resolution that takes care of the patients in the communities they serve as quickly as they can. But as we pursue these discussions, we continue to invest in our defense and we think it's only prudent to do that.
Brian Tyler: Yes. Great. Thank you for the question. Maybe to frame it my answer a little bit, I'll go back in time. I think the medical business has been very successful at following the emergence of new channels in the alternate site settings. At one point in time that was urgent care clinics. We have a large footprint in the retail-based clinics that are out there today. And so we think as these new models for community-based care emerge, the solutions that we have in the medical business are right on point for the needs that those businesses and services will have. So my view is that's just a continued evolution in a new segment and our team has proven quite adept and quite effective at evolving our capabilities, and really leading the way as these segments emerge. And I would expect that's what the team is focused on today.
Brian Tyler: Yes, sure. Thank you. Thank you for the question. I mean I referenced in my comments the RxOwnership program and the fact that 700-ish pharmacy – new pharmacy owners, we helped in opening or establishing or transferring into the business. And that's not a unusual number. I mean if you go back many, many years, we often see lots of exits, in the Independent Pharmacy segment. Some of those are family planning and transition exit. Some are script file sales, but we also see as many new – as many new openings or many new storefronts come into play. And so it's been remarkably stable over the years. And that trend we continue to see today. And we do, over the years we have and we continue to invest in these tools and these services that we think help independent pharmacists stay independent, stay healthy businesses and stay vibrant in the communities and the patients that we serve. But we really haven't seen anything that I would say was a massive trend break in terms of there's always ins and there's always outs in the Independent segment.
Brian Tyler: I would say this. I think we've been pretty clear on what our capital deployment philosophy has been in the past, a very balanced approach to that. What I would say is we have not made a change to that for that portfolio approach. We continue to make investments internally that we think will drive future growth. We continue to be open to M&A, where we can find that the M&A that makes sense, balancing obviously valuation expectations, where our share prices, what alternate returns of that capital are. But that was a long answer to give you the short answer that we really – it really has not impacted our approach to capital deployment.
Brian Tyler: You were breaking up a little bit. Let me – I think the question was, coming back to the framework, is it going to be all encompassing of all the litigation. And what I would say is that relative to the States and relative to the subdivisions in those States, our goal is to get as comprehensive of a settlement within that framework as we can. And that is the majority of the outstanding litigation. But it is not all of the cases.
Brian Tyler: Yes. So I guess that the easiest way to answer that is to say that, this is a complex legal situation. We have established a framework and had good discussion around that framework. It is very much a process though, and we are very much working through the details of how that process will unfold. And it's really not a lot more I can add to it at this time.
Brian Tyler: Yes. Thanks for that question. We're really pleased with the performance of ClarusONE and it's performing in line with what our expectations were at the beginning of the year. We're continuing to see that organization drive great value, which is very helpful. As we think about the sell-side, which is – as we've talked about now for several quarters. So competitive, but stable environment. We're pleased with ClarusONE. It’s performing as we had anticipated. We think that there's still great value to be gained out of that organization. And we were pleased with the partnership that we have with our partner Walmart as we continue through – in that relationship as well.
Brian Tyler: Yes, sure. No, I say it's consistent. We're seeing consistency over the last several quarters now and again, a good performance on ClarusONE in a stable competitive environment on the sell-side, and that's in line with our expectations and what we've seen now for the several quarters.
Brian Tyler: Yes. Great. Thank you. And we reflected on the questions we've had over the last few quarters and that's why we included a little more description or color on the Specialty businesses that we have in the Pharmaceutical Solutions segment. And if you think about the three segments we highlighted, they are all performing very well. And we think in all cases, we have assets that are not only competitive with the market, but probably one of the most robust set of solutions and services when taken in the aggregate. And so those businesses are continuing to perform well. They're delivering good growth and they're performing right in line with where we thought they would for the year. Obviously, there is another segment in specialty that is the more retail mail order oriented specialty products. And Britt talked a lot about the impact we've seen of the growth in the Caremark book of business that has been – the mix has been slanted towards those specialty products, which tends to be the lower margin profile for us. So when you net all out, that's where you get – that's how you get to the results that you're seeing today.
Brian Tyler: Yes. Just to build on that. I mean, these investments are tied to our strategy. Our strategy is anchored and where we typically – we have differentiated capabilities and we have good marketplace growth. And so we're very happy to be able to say we're continuing to make these investments and still delivering on the year as we committed.
Brian Tyler: Well, first let me say, we are always happy to renew our customers and we're always happy when they grow. We are experiencing a shift in the mix of business – on our margin rate perspective as you see in our results, I mean great topline growth, but there is a margin rate impact in there. We're never disappointed when our customers grow and we think it's always additive to the business.
Brian Tyler: We don't specifically talk about NorthStar, but when we think about our generics portfolio, NorthStar is obviously a critical part of that and we're very pleased with the performance of NorthStar, and we're pleased with the progress that we're making there.
