John H. Hammergren: Let me start with that, Ross. I have seen this, obviously, throughout my career. But we also saw it at McKesson that where, in particular, we took a step function down with pricing. You may recall, I think in the early part of 2008, we had talked publicly about a significant price-related challenge that we are facing now. It happened that year that we were able to fill the margin hole created from that stair step through a unique opportunity to be the sole provider of the H1N1 flu vaccine back then. And that gave us a stream of profitability that allowed us to grow through that challenge. So it does happen from time to time. You'd have to really probably ask the companies involved in it as to why they would pursue price. I can tell you that McKesson doesn't believe you can build sustainable relationships with customers or value for shareholders with a price-oriented approach. And I know that at least one company in our sector has been pretty public about growing revenues above market and about regaining market share, particularly in the independent space. And so I think that certainly people have different motives perhaps to grow their business beyond the market. I would tell you that what McKesson's been focused on, as we've talked about year in and year out, is the expansion of the service we provide our customers and the value that we deliver to create those relationships and expand our margins while we do so. And margin growth comes from solid relationships that are built over time. And from time to time, those relationships can be challenged if the price differential between where the customer perceives the market price to be and what we're asking for become disconnected. So it has happened before. We covered through those periods of time. And like I said, I don't think a price-oriented approach to market share is something that's stable in the end anyway.
John H. Hammergren: Well, thanks for the question, George. I think the most acute area right now is in our independent segment. And clearly, that's a place where you have lots of customers that had long-term relationships, but they also can be fluid. And I think what we've tried to say today is that we plan to maintain our share positions and to grow our business on the value we deliver. And that's really what we're after. The rest of our segments are always competitive, but this is the most material impact we've seen in some time.
John H. Hammergren: Yeah, I think James talked a little bit about the reduction in our expectations and how that split with a larger portion really coming from the price pressure we feel. And so that gives you a sense for the magnitude. And clearly, the independent segment for us is a very valuable and important franchise and we have a lot of business there. So I think that between those comments, you should really get a sense directionally for the size of the challenge.
John H. Hammergren: Right. There really are two factors, and I'll have James talk a little bit about the manufacturers in a minute. Because that obviously, when we talk about brand price inflation trends and we tried to quantify once again in our prepared comments how much of this challenge we had this quarter and the forecast for year is coming from that component, we do have some variability that resides in that part of our business. Clearly, the manufacturers that play a very important role for us, and we're constantly working with the manufacturers to make sure that we've identified the value that we deliver and that we're properly reimbursed for that value and we plan to continue to do so. On the customer side, it's not unimportant I think to point out that we do have a nice and profitable relationship with customers on the generic portion of our business. And albeit we may not make much or any on the brand side, the profit stream we get from generic participation as we've talked about before when we were picking up the Rite Aid generic business or the Target generic business. That generic business is a source of profitability, and there is obviously flexibility in how we price those generics. And there's a market for generics. And we have to be responsive to how the market pricing plays for generics. James, maybe you can talk a little bit about the manufacturer side.
John H. Hammergren: I think, Lisa, also, when we look at what we come up with from a calculation perspective on branded inflation, it's plus or minus what you'll see from published sources of inflation. But it is also important to point out that those averages sometimes don't necessarily tell the whole story, because of the mix, or the relationship, or the individual products that are going up or going down in the portfolios can be materially different. And so I do think the economics aren't always necessarily driven with the direct correlation to the average price increases that everybody talks about.
John H. Hammergren: I think those are all good questions. I think that the best way for me to answer them would be the way we think at McKesson. I can't speak to how our competitors make their decisions or how they make their pricing calls in the industry. I can tell you that McKesson is focused on retaining our customer base and creating additional value for our customers as I talked about before, and charging a fair price. And on that fair price idea, there is plenty of headroom in terms of the value we deliver to the industry that we don't charge for. And as I've seen in the past when – we have faced pressures like this, where there's been a reduction in product launches or other things happen, with some of the profit pools become more difficult. What typically we would attempt to do is reduce the level of incremental discounts that we pass on to our customers when we're in those discussions. But clearly, that conversation isn't successful if there are alternatives that are providing something that is even more significant. My best hope is that we demonstrate to our customers that they're going to always get a fair price from us, and in return, they're going to get superior service and tremendous focus on their success. And that's where we plan to stay. And I know at McKesson, at least, we think growing market share through a price-oriented approach ultimately will not be successful, because customers don't want a change. Our customers, when they get a better deal, come to us and say, hey, listen, can you match this deal because I'd like to stay with you. And so that customer pressure to remain with us because they like us always provides McKesson an advantage when we're in these discussions.
John H. Hammergren: Well, I think the view we have is sort of a year-to-date view. We have the same information that you have and probably the same visibility. And we're just guessing as to what manufacturers are likely to do going forward like everybody else. They control their pricing decisions, and we don't have much visibility into anything, other than their historic behavior. And their historic behavior, obviously, has been rising over the last several years. And if you go back before the more recent years, there's always been a level of – at least in our data, always been a level of inflation that has occurred. And you do hear some manufacturers talking today about having a policy around how much inflation they think they should be able to provide to the industry over time. Some of them are making those statements more publicly than others. And clearly, there might be some near-term changes in their behavior that will be different over the longer haul. We do think that innovation requires profitability. We think the lack of new product launches in the face of generic conversions causes pressure to branded manufacturers and that they ought to have the ability to raise price appropriately on branded drugs to help fund their R&D requirements and their profitability requirements. And so I think that a common person's view would be that you'd still see inflation at some levels. I think that the outer bounds of inflation that had been experienced in the past by our industry, that we've had conversations about in the past, are probably likely to not exist anymore. So I just think those heavy outliers on both brand and generic, those outliers will come in, which obviously will have an effect. But, yeah, it's probably a little bit early to speculate. And I think as we get through the rest of this year, we've given you some assumptions about directionally where we think it's going to be the balance of this year. As we get into the next fiscal year, we'll give you a sense for where we think it's going to be.
John H. Hammergren: Well, I think anything is possible. We typically have renegotiated the contracts when they come up as opposed to whenever we're under significant pressure. I think that we always have the opportunity to go back to manufacturers and demonstrate once again the value that we deliver. And in particular, where manufacturer's behavior has changed dramatically from its previous behavior and we had come to depend on those mechanisms as part of our funding source with that manufacturer, I think we have every right to go back to those manufacturers and say, listen, we need to open the dialog again because by your unilateral decision, you have significantly impacted our profitability on your particular product lines and we don't think that's fair and we want to recover that lost margin. So I think that that certainly is something we plan to pursue.
John H. Hammergren: Well, I think those are, obviously, both good questions. I think to the point that James is making when he answered it a moment ago, we typically see stronger price inflation as you get into our third and fourth quarters. And so when we say we're guiding on a year-to-date basis, that already tells you that we believe there'll be some moderation in those quarters relative to previous behaviors. On the sell side, it's a little bit more difficult to make projections because we're basically in a position where we are reacting to some extent and not being the people that are making the decision. I think that our view is that we have made a very significant change in our pricing practice to match where the market is today. And we, like I said to answer another question that was asked, we have seen this kind of event happen in the past as well and we didn't see a continuation of the event. And our objective is to continue to maintain our market share. So I think we believe we provided guidance that has reasonable expectations from that perspective and that you can count on the range. That's one of the reasons that the range is somewhat wider, though, is it's somewhat dependent on what happens going forward.
James A. Beer: Yeah. In terms of when we came into the year, we were assuming that the level of brand manufacturer or pricing inflation would be modestly below what we had seen in the previous fiscal year. And today, we've updated that tight commentary to now being meaningfully below what we saw last year. To try to perhaps put a little bit more quantification around that, I would say that the delta, if you will, between the rate of inflation that we expected and the one that we have seen thus far year-to-date is greater than a third reduction versus our original expectations. The other thing I would comment on in terms of the brand income, why this inflation rate is important is that there is both a fixed component and a variable component of the income that we receive from branded manufacturers. Now, a year or more ago, we were talking about that being a roughly 80%, 20% type split in terms of the fixed component of the equation versus the variable component. In part, the contracts have evolved. But also in part as inflation rates have come down in the last few months, I peg that split more at 90%, 10%. 90% of our income is fixed, 10% is variable. But obviously, that 10 points is still being able to have a meaningful impact on the financials that we've been talking about today.
James A. Beer: I wouldn't throw out a specific number, but that's why I articulate, the decline that we have seen in the inflation rate is greater than a third of the original expectation for the year. So it's a significant decline.
James A. Beer: Yeah. So you should think of the $1.10 to $1.30 as the combined effect of the two items that I discussed. The impact of the deferred revenue and then the impact of the higher interest expense on $6.1 billion worth of debt. So wanted to put quantification around those two items. Then, the other comment I made was getting at the reality that as we're actually operating the business and starting to drive the synergies, the EPS that will drive from the contributed assets, if you will, our share of NewCo will be greater than the ability of those assets, absent our deal with Change Healthcare, to drive EPS. So there's an accretive effect, if you will, on that element of the equation. As you would expect, when we come together and drive synergies in a deal. But there are also going to be these two large, very distinct items that will drive dilution, the interest expense and the deferred revenue, haircut you could call it, and that those two items total to this $1.10 to $1.30 range that I mentioned.
James A. Beer: There was nothing unusual in the third quarter. You would very normally have an inventory build as you come into the winter season. So no, I wouldn't point to anything odd around inventory management. Our cash flow was obviously a bright spot in our numbers here, and that was very much a result of ongoing working capital management initiatives, these sorts of things that have been going on at McKesson for years as well as our underlying operating profitability obviously as well. But the working capital initiatives have been important focus for us, and we'll continue to have that. The first part of your question, the technology businesses, I wouldn't get into specific growth rates around EIS or any particular segment of the business. Overall, we feel as though our technology segment is performing very nicely, they're very much where we expected them to be at this point in the year. Even though there, as John mentioned in his remarks, is plenty of work going on around setting up the new company or preparing to set up the new company, so we've been pleased that they've been able to maintain their focus. And so we feel good about the trajectory of those businesses generally.
James A. Beer: Yeah. What I was observing is, in Q3, you would normally have an inventory buildup as you go into the winter season. So yes, that's right.
James A. Beer: Yeah. So a couple of points. In terms of the negative effects, I would say it's the competitive pricing having a greater impact than the brand manufacturer price inflation rate. But also, remember that we offered $1.60 to $1.90 range for those two items. We're bringing the overall company range down by less than that because we've got tailwinds in our view around our tax rate, around our share count, around our interest expense and so forth. So that's going to drive the delta between the two ranges that we're offering today.
James A. Beer: Yeah. Ricky, to answer your question very directly, what we've assumed for the back half of fiscal 2017 is a continuation of the inflation rate that we have experienced year-to-date.
James A. Beer: Well, at this very early stage, Ricky, it's really I don't think it's appropriate for us to try to make any predictions about FY 2018. So I think really we should leave that for closer to the start of that fiscal year. And we'll, obviously, be getting into our guidance process as normal.
James A. Beer: I understand the logic. It's just hard for me to take a position on FY 2018 at this very early stage.
