John Hammergren: That's a good question, Larry. I think the comment really refers to the behavior of pharmaceutical manufacturers, not the wholesalers, just to be clear, is the inbound price we are experiencing from the manufacturers or that we're seeing as market level pricing. And one of the concerns that investors have expressed in the past is the deflationary effect that generics have not only in our pre-branded revenues, but once they become generic, there's always concern about it deflating further or coming out at such a low level there is not enough gross profit dollars in the sell price to properly fund the system, so to speak. And I guess my comment was really meant to say that we are seeing less deflation in generics, and in fact, are seeing more inflation on some of the generics that have been market for a while. And as long as McKesson is able to get a very good buy for our customers, that pricing stability actually bodes well for us because it provides for enough margin in the marketplace for us to be properly paid for the services we provide.
John Hammergren: Well, I think we're already beginning to see some opportunities from our coming together with US Oncology. Our teams have gotten off to a great start. Our organization has been locked in place, and in fact, it was basically announced the day that we closed. And we have got all of this under our Global Sourcing business, and Saul runs our Global Sourcing activities. So this is a combined operation. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we really look at generics on a company wide basis, and frankly, we look at brands also on a company wide basis. And as you might guess, we purchase a lot of branded product for the specialty market both on the hospital as well as the community side, but we also purchase a lot of generic products. So we try to take a holistic approach, and US Oncology is already a part of that holistic approach.
John Hammergren: Well, yes. Jeff can jump in here, but just in terms of our revenue recognition, a lot of our revenue is dependent upon our ability to successfully implement our customers on our product lines. And we follow a very stringent and significant process called percentage of completion accounting. And for a lot of that revenue, we are focused on recognizing as we get our customers successful. There's also a significant portion of revenue, obviously, that comes in through maintenance on a regular basis, and we do have service revenues. So they're all important to us, but we do have bookings that we have in our backlog. I'm not really sure if they appear on the balance sheet per se, but I'll let Jeff talk about that.
John Hammergren: I think its probably a combination of both, Lisa. And clearly, we have been working with our customers to provide the best possible service to them. And some customers choose them to not really be involved in the logistics any longer of their products, which means that our warehousing activity is more direct to store as opposed to our warehouse to their warehouse. So that elimination of that extra step saves them money and provides a better productivity. And then clearly, the other factor that Jeff mentioned is the movement of product to generic just has a negative effect on revenues. And sometimes they'll source those generics, especially the biggest customers, they'll source those generics directly into their warehouse as opposed to running it through a McKesson operation. So I think its really a threefold phenomenon. We're serving more customers directly to the store, generics depress revenues overall even though they help us with profitability and then this idea of the mix changing when they move direct on generics.
John Hammergren: Well, the IPC operation is actually a U.S.-based customer, and we have, obviously, a long-term, very solid relationship with IPC. And although we're disappointed with the place we are today relative to the litigation that we're discussing with them, we are continuing to service the business and we're hoping to get to a positive resolution. In Canada, our discussion has been primarily on two subjects, and that is the subject of the generic policy changes, which I covered in my earlier discussion. And we have a large customer up there called the Katz Group, and on occasion, we get asked a question about that relationship. And similar to IPC, we have a contract that's in place, and we're continuing to work with them to make sure that we continue to meet their needs and deserve the valued spot that we have in their business practices.
John Hammergren: Well, clearly, I think we have tremendous flexibility with our balance sheet. And as Jeff mentioned, we actually believe that our cash flow this year will be stronger than we originally anticipated when we started the year. And those are both very positive things for investors, and we plan to continue to use our balance sheet to grow our business and to properly deliver returns for our shareholders. And clearly, share repurchase is always a safe bet for us, and it's something that needs to be compared, in every case, to any acquisitions that are brought forward to us. The most important thing as we look forward is we continue to execute, and we have to execute with generics. We have to execute with the branded manufacturers. We have to get this US Oncology acquisition integration work continued on its right path. And clearly, we have opportunities to improve the performance of our technology business through the way we implement our products and develop our products. And so all of those work streams are underway, and we will not distract those with any, certainly, acquisitions that we might consider. On the other hand, we're not out of the acquisition business. We we'll look at it as they arise.
John Hammergren: It's an interesting question, Helene, and clearly, we just had this across-the-wire discussion from a Florida judge that talked about healthcare reform in its entirety. Frankly, we haven't heard a lot of discussion around the retraction of the stimulus money related to ARRA. So I think we have to separate in our minds the ARRA stimulus money versus healthcare reform. The ARRA stimulus money has significant benefit to our providers to complete their implementations and get to meaningful use and get that reimbursement. It also has a stick associated with that carrot, and that's if they don't get there, their reimbursements will go down. In talking with members on both sides of the aisle, I think everyone believes healthcare technology is an important part of our go-forward plan regardless of what shape reform actually takes. So I have my own personal doubts about them coming back to the issue of paying for the ARRA stimulus money. To the extent that, that does become a discussion or a debate, I don't think it will have any effect or much of an effect, I should say, on spending in this area as most of it is already in-flight and a lot of this work is underway. And frankly, most of our customers believe clinical investments were very important for both the issue of patient care and quality, but also the issue of cost. So I think they believed before and believe today that it's in their own best interest to implement this technology. What the stimulus did was provide inertia and a deadline around getting going with it. And many of our customers have plans that might extend five or 10 years to get to where they need to get to in the next couple of years. So those plans have been accelerated, and I can't imagine that they've put themselves back on a 10-year plan across the board. So there might be some risk, Helene, that they would do that, but I don't think that that's something we see right in front of us.
John Hammergren: Well, I think that diabetes clearly is a very important issue for our country as it relates to our business that clearly are pharmaceutical and medical issues related to diabetes, and probably the closest thing to us is in disease management where our programs have proven the ability to reduce the impact and the severity of diabetes and help prevent the disease or certainly control it once people have been diagnosed with it. So I clearly think there are some discussions and dialogues going on in DM. It can be helpful. Med Surg [Medical Surgical], we have test strips and all kinds of other things that we sell for diabetes. And clearly, drugs in the pharmaceutical side, but they're probably not that material to our business. Certainly, not yet. I think the places where we get the biggest pop from diabetes would be in disease management when we get those kinds of contracts.
John Hammergren: Well, I have to admit that I'm probably not a good critic of their data, and we sort of take it at face value. I think that anecdotally, everything we see from many of the industry pundits and data sources could tell us that diabetes continues to be a high growth problem for our country. And I guess on the positive side of that, high-growth problems from a healthcare perspective are usually opportunities for us.
John Hammergren: I think overall we're very pleased with the results. And as usual, I think we do a pretty good job of planning the business. And there's always things that disappoint and things that surprise us on the positive side, and our job is to try to balance those risks as we sort of forecast the year. So I think the Distribution business has performed well, particularly from a cost management perspective and a generic perspective. And I'd say on those two frontiers in particular, I think I'm really pleased with the results. We had some early price increases. And as we see what happens here in the fourth quarter, the branded price increases probably were also beneficial to us. But overall, all of our businesses are executing. And for Specialty and Medical and Canada had overcome some of the challenges they've had are all quite significant in and amongst themselves, and if all of them to be doing it simultaneously is also helpful.
John Hammergren: US Oncology doctors have had a great experience with US Oncology before the acquisition of McKesson, and they've been adding to their number of doctors in a quite significant way. So I guess the first thing I'd say coming into this is it's nice to have a customer base that's very satisfied in their relationship with USON. And the management team there knows the business exceptionally well, and they do a great job of delivering value in a myriad of dimensions, many of which I outlined in my prepared remarks. So we have a happy customer coming in. And I think that they are pleased thus far with their knowledge of McKesson. We bring a great, obviously, a great deal of financial strength to the partnership with USON. We alSo as we mentioned, have clearly a significant sourcing operation and an understanding for IT and the implementation of IT, which they're all in the midst of trying to do in their practices. So on a myriad of dimensions, I think we have skills that can help them. They don't want to get lost in the size of our company. They don't want to have relationships change. And I think, first of all, they're not getting lost. And secondly, the relationships they had before are the same relationships they have today. So all in all, I've dealt with many of them, clearly the largest of them, and I think they're very optimistic about what this partnership and the coming together of our companies will mean to them. And on the drivers of synergies, yes, I think they come in a lot of different ways as well. But, I would tell you, because we, I think, bought this asset at the right price, we don't necessarily have to get tremendous synergies to make it a good investment for our investors. And the synergies are largely -- some cost synergies are made on the corporate side, but many of the synergies will come through the areas that we just discussed: the IT side, the purchasing side. And then clearly, we think the growth rate and the margin structure of this business are additive to our underlying Pharmaceutical distribution business. So on the dimensions that we care most about, growth rates and margin expansion, this business should help us.
John Hammergren: Well, we always hesitate to put the cart before the horse, and we have not accomplished the end of our range that we gave you probably eight or 10 years ago. So we're pleased to have made so much progress over that period of time, and we clearly understand that having a goal that you've already accomplished isn't much of a goal. So we will look hard at that as we think about next year's guidance. And when we discuss it with you in May, we'll probably be prepared to provide some type of an update.
John Hammergren: Well, thank you for the complement, and we think it is very solid performance as well on the Med Surg business and we're pleased with how the team is executing. We actually do believe in that business where it's highly fragmented with many competitors, we're able to take some share because we're able to deliver better value and a more complete offering for our customers. You might also recall the business sits in a bunch of different spots. We're not only very large in the physician office market, which has had some pressure from a visit perspective, and even that business is performing well, we also have a large position on long-term care and a very significant growing business in extended care and homecare. So that platform of businesses is the right place to be, and I think that we are continuing to find synergies between the businesses and grow the margin rate as well as the revenue rate at or above market levels.
John Hammergren: Well, the fortunate thing is the US Oncology resides in our Specialty business, and the management team there is very skilled and adept. And as I mentioned, there's not a great deal of integration to go on there. We're not closing thousands of facilities and firing thousands of people. We basically have a line of sight on what we're going to do, and we're after it. So I don't think that our acquisition appetite is being diminished as a result of USON, setting aside the comments made earlier about execution. Clearly, the deal activity ebbs and flows. We are in or view of most deals. Hopefully, we review them early, and hopefully, we view them often. And when we don't do them, it's because we've decided that we can't either make it fit financially or that it doesn't fit strategically. And So I think our job is to be on top of it. And I'd say the other positive comment on this is that we are in a lot of different businesses. So it gives us the ability to have a 360 degree view on acquisition opportunities. And so we will look at things that only IT companies would look at, and we look at things that only distribution companies would look at. And that puts us in a unique place, I think, to deploy our balance sheet.
John Hammergren: Well, I'll let Jeff think a little bit about where it fits in our segmentation. We talked about it being in U.S. Pharmaceutical. The generic compliance opportunity for us, I think, continues in all of our businesses. Clearly, we're further ahead in some than we are in others relative to the customer sets. And what we've been talking about as an industry in the last year or so has been our ability to partner with group purchasing organizations to meet their hospital generic opportunities or requirements. And So McKesson has benefited from going back to our hospital customers with a generic portfolio that we previously would not have marketed, and we are not marketing today. And So I think we're in the early phases of realizing the opportunity in the hospital market from a generic perspective. In US Oncology, clearly, the practices they own will buy exclusively from McKesson, like they bought exclusively from US Oncology. The practices they manage, I should say, through the CSAs. So I think that our ability to help them purchase generics and to be "compliant" will obviously be very strong given their aligned interest with us. But Ricky, I think we're making progress really across the board. Some of our customers that have been with us a long time and have been fully compliant along time will benefit from new generics more so than from just increased compliance.
John Hammergren: And excluding the litigation charges. Well, I want to thank all of you for your time and energy and attention today. And I certainly want you to believe that we remain very excited about our unique offering across all of healthcare, and obviously, our ability to turn that into value for our customers and our shareholders. I'm now going to hand the call off to Ana to talk a little bit about our Wall Street activity for the next quarter or so.
Jeff Campbell: Yes, two things, Lisa. When you look at that $1.3 billion that's on the balance sheet, I think it's important to realize that the majority of that number actually just represents the timing difference between when customers give us the cash on annual maintenance contracts and when we recognize it over the course of the year. So there's a minority portion of that $1.3 billion that is really the kind of revenues hung up on the balance sheet that you're talking about where we have, in many cases, a product that is either fully installed or close to installed, but the rev rec [revenue recognition] is hung up for any one of a number of reasons: getting to the final end of the completed contract on all the products with the customer. In some cases, right now we have products that depend on certifications that we still expect to come in the next couple of months. And in some cases, we have revenue rec that's dependent upon when products become generally available. And in fact, that's why in my prepared remarks I pointed out that our strong fourth quarter does depend on a number of things in all of those three areas following on to our existing schedule.
Jeff Campbell: So for the full year, Lisa, we still expect some modest operating expansion over our full year margin for last year, which when you look at it, it means you probably see a margin for the full year a little below 13%, which will mean a very strong margin in the March quarter for the reasons you cited: a fair amount of revenue dropping to the bottom line without a lot of cost. When you think about the future, I think you should expect to see us make modest progress on expanding the margin in that segment on a full year basis. The one thing I think John and I caution people on is don't take the March quarter margin and annualize it because it would be unusually strong.
Jeff Campbell: Yes, to be very clear, and I probably should have been clearer. There's $24 million that appears in the operating expense line and that's professional fees and a settlement we had with [indiscernible] in closing the transaction. And there's $10 million that appears down in the interest expense line, and those are the fees associated with our bridge financing. Just due to the tax attributes of those items, that $34 million of pretax cost translates to $0.10 after tax.
Jeff Campbell: Yes, it's a good question. To simplify all the ins and outs, the way I would think about it is if you take the $10 million out of the December quarter, take that number and then add the interest on, let's say, roughly $1.7 billion or $1.8 billion of new debt that we will take out sometime this quarter in all likelihood at our kind of financing rates, and that will be the incremental interest expense I would annualize. The bridge other than the one-time cost should more or less wash up.
Jeff Campbell: Well, Helene, a couple of comments. As you recall when we announced this, we made the point that this would be additive to both our growth rates and margin rates. Over time, we expected it to be neutral to our results in the March quarter and then accretive beginning with our fiscal '12. Their December quarter results, which, as you point out, aren't available publicly, are consistent with all the assumptions we made going into the transaction and consistent with all of the guidance we've given you for the future.
Jeff Campbell: Well, I'd really point, Tom, just to the usual things that we don't always have full control over, exactly what happens in the 60 days or so on generic launches; exactly what happens on the next 60 days around branded price increases, which is more of a timing of our compensation than total over the year; and exactly how we do, I'd say, on the very complex and large number of implementation, certifications and GAs that we have scheduled in technology in the March quarter.
Jeff Campbell: No, I'm really just comparing full GAAP to full GAAP. So last year, we were at 188 basis points for the full year in the Distribution Solutions segment, and what I said is we should be up. I don't think I said a little, I just said up versus that number.
Jeff Campbell: Yes, Steve. This is a confusing point. Here's the way I would think about it. If you look at the Schedule I of the press tables, where we pull out the AWP charges and the related tax amount...
Jeff Campbell: Correct. So if you make that adjustment, you'll get to a rate for the quarter of about 36%, and that's the new 34% run rate. But because we booked the first two quarters at 33%, you have a catch-up adjustment, which for the quarter, takes that rate from 34% to 36%. But if you think about this from a modeling perspective, for the full four quarters, if you assume that we will have a 34% tax rate, if you apply it against the earnings excluding the litigation charges.
