Brian Tyler: Thank you for the question, Charles. And I think the way you frame the question, naming the number of parties or counterparties or folks involved in this discussion helps to frame why it's moving at the cadence that it's moving. We do continue to be in constructive dialogue with the AGs. The AGs have broadened their group and they continue to talk amongst themselves.  The good news from my perspective is the basic framework that we've laid out is still the framework that's being discussed and the details for the many component parts of that are progressing well. There is still a long way to go with regard to ultimately getting as broad of AG support as we can and then AGs themselves going to their subdivisions and extending that broad support. So, there is a lot of work that is ongoing. The discussions are really continuous. It would be too early for me to try to project a timeline or where the finish line might be. But I am pleased that the framework that we've been negotiating continues to be the framework, the details are progressing. And I think as we get through the coming months, we'll begin to assess what the various AG and sub-municipality positions are.
Brian Tyler: Maybe I'll start and then Britt may want to offer a few comments. I think if you think about the general kind of industry fundamentals, the brand price inflation has been in line with where we thought it would be. The generic market is continuing to behave in a way that we had forecast. And by that, I mean our skill sourcing entity continues to produce in line with our anticipation. We are going in the market with a very disciplined approach, reflective of the transition our industry has been in. And we think that the competitive – the sell side in the generics market remains stable. It's competitive and there's pressures, but it's stable.  I think we're seeing the benefits of a lot of the work and planning that we've been – for the last several quarters, we've been executing and implementing. And so, combining that I think with the market fundamentals and our really good positions in specialty is driving the results that you see.
Brian Tyler: Yeah. We're really pleased with our specially businesses. We talked a few weeks ago about the "core," the distribution of these products to hospitals and retail pharmacies as being our biggest segment. Clearly, we benefit there from the growth that these products have just in general. And the pipeline, if you look at the pipeline of the innovative products coming, they tend to look that way. And as you know, we've got established scale channels across both of these segments. And then, if you think about community setting, oncology, we have a clear leading stake. We're a leader in many of the other multispecialty settings. They're going to benefit from that same pipeline.  And I also think, if you step up from a more macro view, if you think about the challenges that the cost of healthcare represents in this country, we have a fundamental belief that to get access, cost and quality, care needs to continue to shift into the community-based settings. So, that's where our community provider business, I think, from a macro standpoint is well positioned.  And then, our US oncology business, we have particular depth and strength in oncology. And if you look at the pipeline there, that continues to be strong. So, I would say all those things are what are giving us our confidence. But at the bottom, at the end of the day, it's really the execution of the business that lets you capitalize on those macro trends and opportunities.
Brian Tyler: Efficiency is a core part of the way you have to run a business like this at this scale. So, it is a program that we implemented a few years ago. But most importantly, for me, it's a mindset. It's a part of the way we think about how we manage and run the business.
Brian Tyler: Great. Thanks, Lisa. I'll take the IPI business first, the question first. So, IPI is – I guess there's been a lot of different constructs around getting to part B. There's been discussions of caps or limiting ASP rates, future caps on allowable inflation. IPI would be a proposal to index what the US pays based on a basket of internationally referenced prices for various products. I think there's even been some debate or discussion around MFN or most favored nation type clauses. So, the proposals have really been very wide in the spectrum. And without commenting on any of them specifically, I would say, first and foremost, we think any reform in Part B should be constructed – and we work with industry, the government and our partners to advocate for this – in a way that pushes care into the community. It's clearly the low cost, high access setting and we believe it has extremely high quality as well. So, it kind of hits all the three macro principles. And so, any reform that were to happen in our view should move care to the community. Anything that would move the opposite way would be counterproductive really for the US spend on healthcare in general. Now, relative to IPI, if something were to occur, the way I think about this is, in most instances, in our core pharma distribution, in our community provider setting, this is an implication to our customer. So, it'll be a secondary effect really from a wholesaler perspective. The one place we would have some exposure would be in The US Oncology Network, where – I'd remind you – through our partnership we share in the practice economics. So, we continue to watch this very closely. I'm not sure there's been a proposal that's had more commentary and more aligned commentary to kind of come out against it because of that impact potentially to patients and patient access and cost of care, but I suppose we'll see what we hear tonight.
Brian Tyler: Yeah. Let me answer that, Ricky. Certainly, we are pleased with the progress that we're making against our cost initiatives. And I reiterate that we expect to generate $400 million to $500 million of savings by the end of 2021. So, the cost programs are ongoing.  As I called out at the beginning of the year, there were some additional investments that we were going to be making, particularly in the areas of information security management and data and analytics. We continue to make those investments, but we're seeing good efficiency across the organization. So, I don't think you can necessarily take our performance this quarter and just run it out. We're continuing to make investments in the business, but we're also continuing along getting the efficiencies from scale and some of the back office function.  So, what we wanted to do today was to update our guidance based on some of the benefits that we've seen in performance and execution, but we're continuing to make investments along as we generate those savings.
Brian Tyler: Yeah. So, let me just remind you that today is the filing that is another step along our exit. We have nothing included in our FY 2020 guidance related to Change. So, there's no additional information that I can provide you on that. And in terms of when we exit, depending on – regardless of how we exit, there'll be no cash impact. 
Brian Tyler: Yeah, it's a great question and it's obviously an area that we have some excitement about and we have spent really a good part of the last 10 years or 15 years building out, some through internal development and some through acquisition, a set of capabilities that are really oriented around helping manufacturers identify which patients are appropriate and should be benefiting from their therapy, finding those patients and getting them started on that therapy and then ensuring that they stay on that therapy through the full clinically appropriate course, so that they can get the best possible outcome.  So, the first good news in that is that the patient gets the best outcome. We think it's good for the patient, it's good for the healthcare system. Obviously, for our biopharma partners, that can result in more patients benefiting from their products. That has obvious benefit to them and that's a service. Therefore, they're quite interested in paying us for it.  So, as we think about building off of really our 20-year experience in this marketplace, building off of sets of assets that we've required for the commercialization of these products, there's opportunities to both refine and deepen and develop the tools we offer today. A few weeks ago, I shared an example of a program like that, we're calling, Access for More Patients, which fundamentally is getting at the same issue, but it's doing it in a more automated, efficient way that lets us find more patients and get them on those therapies faster. As we look at that as a core, we think there are opportunities to extend downstream and to get earlier stage services to support pharmaceuticals. And as we think about some of our provider segments, there's opportunity to do some integration with providers downstream. So, this is an area that we think, as you look at the pipeline, as you look at the products, as you look at what's happening in terms of – in the clinical trial space and the fragmentation of population that there's going to continue to be a good opportunity here for McKesson.
Brian Tyler: I'll take the coronavirus. Maybe before that, we've been around this business for a long time. And we chart every year what the flu season – influenza season looks like in the US. And every season has its own cycle of rhythm, if you will. And so, I think it's fair to say, we have seen an early start. Ultimately, how that plays out will depend on the duration and the severity and it's probably hard to predict that right now.  Relative to coronavirus, I guess, let me start by first saying, our thoughts and sympathies go out to those, particularly in China, but really Asia, that are obviously dealing with this in a very real time way.  We, at McKesson, have really been working across industry partners, peers, trade associations, government agencies for the better part of three or four weeks. So, we try to jump on these things early and get ahead of them. And so, we're monitoring this very, very closely.  I would remind everybody that we don't manufacture these products. We procure them, we sell them and we distribute them. And we do have a domestic supplier base, although the majority of the products, the masks and the disinfectants and gowns are sourced from Asia or China.  I guess, fortunately or unfortunately, depending on your perspective, we had some experience with SARS and H1N1. And so, what we're doing is implementing the protocols, the monitoring capabilities that we built up through these prior experiences and working in close coordination with government agencies and industry partners to make sure we can keep the continuity of supply.  Now, what that ultimately looks like depends really on how does the virus continue to proliferate. Does it stay contained in a region? So, those are things that we just have to watch. But we wake up every day thinking about the markets that we serve and how we make sure we have products available for our customers that operate in those markets.
Brian Tyler: Great question. I think we probably, if you look back over the past few years, we came through a cycle of pretty heavy M&A as we really bolstered some of the capabilities and assets that we thought surrounded our specialty biopharma manufacture value prop and our oncology business or ecosystem, however you want to think about that. And as we've done the work to integrate those, and it's a lot of work to integrate these things and to integrate them properly, in parallel, we've really been refining our strategies.  And you've probably heard me say this before. All good M&A follows a good strategy. And so, as we've put this strategy together, we've identified the areas that we think we have differentiated capabilities in markets that have good overall growth prospects.  So, when I think about capital deployment, we've obviously got to deploy capital to be invested in efficiency and some client and safe, secure, always-on environments. And then, the second area we'd look for is growth, but those growth investments, meaning M&A investments, have to be closely aligned to the strategy, and I think that that's what you should expect from us. So, we like growth investments. We like growth capital, either extend our capabilities or add scale to the places that we have capabilities. And while we always have to balance, I would say your strategy can't be based on M&A. It takes a buyer and a seller and it takes a price that you can agree on. So, as we've looked at the market and looked at those tradeoffs, obviously, the past 12 months or so, we've been favoring to deploy our capital or buy back our shares because we think those are a great investment, but we continue to be very active in looking for areas we can inorganically help support the growth. 
Brian Tyler: Okay. Well, I think that runs us out of time. I want to thank everyone for your great questions and your continued interest in McKesson. I want to thank Jack for facilitating this call.  To conclude, McKesson continued to execute well in the third quarter and we remain confident in our fiscal 2020 outlook. I am extremely proud of how our employees are embracing the team McKesson culture, and I want to thank them for everything they do day in and day out, not only to deliver these results, but most importantly to improve care in every setting we serve.  Thanks again for your interest in McKesson. We will release fourth quarter earnings results in early May. Look forward to talking to you then. Goodbye.
Britt Vitalone: Maybe I might just add. I think Brian you hit on it here. The focus and our execution against our differentiated assets, particularly specialty, and you talked a lot about that, I think is really driving a lot of this.  And then, I would just reiterate that our cost programs are really driving, not only in our corporate line, but also across our segment. And so, that focus is not only on our core set of differentiated assets, but just disciplined and focus around costs across not only our corporate segments, but our business segments.
Britt Vitalone: Yeah, our cost program, Brian, what we talked about, we would capture these cost savings by the end of fiscal 2021. So, we're still making progress not only in leveraging the scale of our enterprise across all of our business units, but some of the things that we've talked about previously in terms of back office function transformation, and there's still opportunities there as the size of our enterprise allows us to continue to work across and collaborate and drive additional cost synergy. So, I would say that that program, as we talked about, is – we expect it to be substantially complete by the end of fiscal 2021. However, as the business grows and our focus and execution in specialty continues, there's still opportunities for us to leverage our scale and transform our back office function.
Britt Vitalone: Yeah, sure, Bob. You're right about the implied. What I would just come back to and point out is that I've talked about, in a business the size of ours, with customers that are growing and you have mix that is changing in terms of customer and product mix, we are going to see fluctuations from quarter to quarter. We've seen that historically. I think we're seeing that a little bit more of this year, some of our larger retail national customers are growing a little bit faster.  I think what we're pleased with, though, as Brian talked about, there're some stability in the pricing environment, particularly with branded pricing, certainly continue to – good progress against generics. But what you should expect, as I talked about at the beginning, is that we are going to see some items that are going to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. We don't manage our business that way. We manage our business for the long haul. We look at our business on an annual basis. And these items do tend to balance out over the course of the year. We're very pleased that we started the year with being able to guide back to growth in this segment and we're very pleased that, given the momentum and the execution that Brian talked about, particularly in our specialty business, we could raise that guidance today to the upper ends. We're making good progress, but I think you should expect to continue to see some fluctuation in our quarterly results.
Britt Vitalone: Sure, Lisa. So, what we've said previously, dating back to our Q2 earnings call, from that point in time, we would expect to exit our transaction in 6 months to 12 months, although it could be before the end of our fiscal 2020. So, I would reiterate that language today.
Britt Vitalone: Good morning, Eric. This is Britt. I'll take the first one and let Brian comment on the second. As I talked about in my remarks, we're really pleased with the performance of the medical business. We had good organic growth really across our business, but primarily in our primary care business. And then, I also called out higher pharmaceutical volumes as one of the drivers.  We did see some modest impact from early flu season. I would remind you, though, that typically the flu season has a larger impact on our fourth quarter than our third quarter. We did plan the year for a normal flu season, so we saw a little earlier start than we had anticipated. But, again, I would just remind you that the strong core organic growth across our primary care business, which was inclusive of higher pharmaceutical volumes, was really the driver for the performance.
Britt Vitalone: Good morning. I'll start and certainly Brian can add on. As we've talked about previously, we're really pleased with a couple of dimensions that lead – that are around our generics business. First of all, we have a scaled and efficient sourcing operation. We think we source as well as anybody and we continue to find opportunities from a sourcing perspective. We continue to be disciplined in a stable, yet competitive environment. We think that those dynamics are leading to our ability to generic gross profit growth. We are seeing some growth in units. And you combine that with scale in a competitive, but stable market, we think that those are dynamics that are really helping us be very successful in the generics area.
Britt Vitalone: Good morning, Eric. It is true we have not moved it to discontinue operations as it doesn't qualify for discontinued operations. I did talk about a GAAP-only charge that we took in the quarter. And we have the assets as held-for-sale on our balance sheet.
Britt Vitalone: I'd just go back to my comments in terms of the loss that we reported from a GAAP-only perspective in the quarter of $282 million.
