Jeff Campbell: Well, on the warehouse shift, Lisa, as you know in our 10-K we talk about the fact that our warehouse sales have a significantly lower gross margin generally in the 50 basis points so it's a positive to our gross margin to have a shift from warehouse to direct. Now, of course, there's lots of other things going on this quarter with the strong performance on the branded manufacturer side, a great generics quarter and then the fact that because of some things that happened last year, we had a sell margin decline so those are all impacting what you see on the gross margin this quarter.
Jeff Campbell: Well, the short answer to that is no, it won't happen again in the future, so this ESOP which was set up in the 1980s and funded with a bunch of shares back in the 1980s has been able to fund the company's 401(k) match but most of the last several decades you've seen a little gyration as I talked about in my script up and down as we got towards the end of that ESOP twice. this is clearly the end of its life this year, meaning going forward the Company will be making cash contributions and that run rate let's use a round number of $60 million a year is what you'll see starting next year.
Jeff Campbell: Yeah, I think, Glen, to keep it fairly simple, we're only 90 days into our fiscal tear. Certainly it has not been our practice to raise guidance after just one quarter. We're still in a very uncertain economy so we are trying to balance all that uncertainty with the fact that we had a very strong first quarter. As I said in my remarks, it's July 28th so we're 28 days into the next quarter and right now, the things that made June real strong look like they are going to make September real strong, so relative to the directional guidance I gave 90 days ago I would expect a significantly stronger September quarter. Beyond that, boy, when you get to the back half of our year it's just too early for us to really make a lot of comments or to feel completely confident in reading our guidance to that part of the year.
Jeff Campbell: I think that the manufacturers as a composite across all of our businesses, clearly are interested in increasing their relationship with us and further penetrating the channel through our sales organization, so our med surge business has gotten a very good relationship with the manufacturers and obviously all of our businesses are focused on doing a good job for the manufacturing partners and I mentioned the strength with generics. Specific to the branded manufacturers in our pharmaceutical business our agreements are well structured. I do think they are long term and we've performed against them over the long term and I think we'll continue to, so I think the strength in our business has been or the strengthen the performance of these agreements is related to not only our execution under the agreement but just frankly the markets in which the branded manufacturers continue to use prices as one of the vehicles to attain their objectives and then we maximize our performance on to the agreement.
Jeff Campbell: There's always a little bit of guess work even when we look at the numbers but our best estimate if you take out the ins and outs it's probably around 2% to 3% which is pretty consistent actually with our general guidance for the year of the overall revenues.
Jeff Campbell: Well, I think, Tom, we would just stand by our usual comment that we take a portfolio approach. We're always looking for acquisitions at reasonable prices, when they are not around we do a little bit more share repurchase and probably do a little bit more share repurchase than we've intended originally at the June quarter given the unusually strong start to cash as well as the general comfort level we have in the financial markets, but these are decisions we make on a real time basis that we'll look at all of the alternatives we have in the September quarter and make the decisions accordingly.
Jeff Campbell: Well, I think those are good questions. We do anticipate a growth in the backlog and more implementation as we go into the year so I think the key is not to cut customer facing activity, not to affect the ability to deliver the software and get it operational. Clearly, it's a very large organization with lots of head counts and lots of payroll and lots of bonus eligible employees and lots of salary increases that didn't occur so that gives you a certain amount of ability to continue to invest in those key priorities when you are not inflating your salaries across-the-board by 4% or 5% so I think that we believe the business is being properly funded. The key here is not to have a lot of people hanging around with no work and on the other hand the key is to have the people available when you have the implementation ready to go, so it is a bit of a balancing act, but we think we have good transparency and that was one of the critical things that I've said in my prepared remarks which is we've been working with our customers and over 50% of them now have some kind of a plan we're trying to develop, it kind of road maps them to stimulus readiness and over time then we'll get a much better visibility and idea of what they're going to need from a resource perspective to bring their own sites live, so critical R&D investments are continuing to be made. The key product investments are being made and key people investments are being made relative to these areas.
Jeff Campbell: Well, I think we have had a history in this business at making acquisitions and those acquisitions would have certain one-time costs and things associated with them and certainly some drag in the early years but I think the key here was just really careful analysis of what resources we needed as we came into an environment where there was going to be slowed buying and that slowed buying continues through the third and fourth quarters of last year and frankly we're still in the process of getting customers back into the cycle of signing their names and writing checks so although we're optimistic we're cautiously optimistic on the remainder of this year, we think that 2011 is stacking up to be a very good year from a revenue perspective, certainly on a relative basis for this year.
Jeff Campbell: Well, let me take those in a couple, on price inflation as you'll recall, Eric, we gave guidance that we expected it would be overall level of branded price increases for the year to be roughly the same as they were last year. We're only 90 days into the year. I'd tell you for the June quarter we're certainly on track to be consistent with our guidance or maybe even a little better but it's very, very early. On H1N1, I guess what I'd say is if you look at the impact this has had on various other companies, we're in the range, so it's a nice boost to us at the bottom line. It's not particularly meaningful on the top line. And on LIFO, it's really remember an annual concept and any more significant adjustments that we generally make in the March quarter so year-over-year there is nothing significant in terms of change on the LIFO adjustment.Eric Coldwell – Robert W. Baird & Co.: I'm sorry, John. Jeff, on the price inflation, we thought that price inflation was running a little bit ahead of target and I guess specifically we've heard that some of the price increases on the biotech and specialty side have been very strong recently and we've seen some buy-ins from some of your manufacturer partners. I'm just curious if you could pars out specialty group which got more attention on this call versus traditional distribution. Thanks.
Jeff Campbell: Well the short answer is no. That was not a materially different group for us this quarter and in general of course we would be sensitive to comment on specific manufacturers.
Jeff Campbell: Well clearly, it has been and it continues to be something that we have anxiety about it and we have to manage the sell-side very carefully. All of the progress we can make across the rest of our business can be destroyed by not having discipline around the way we manage the sell-side. At the same time it's a very competitive market and always has been a competitive market and we have to remain competitive or we lose share and that will lose our scale. So I think we do whatever we can to stem the tide from a customer loss perspective and try to sell on value rather than selling on price. So I think it's too early to tell whether or not our ability to continue to convince our customers that we provide a better value all around without having to use price always is the solution so, we're working on that and I think we've had some success in certain areas of kind of holding our own which was clearly our goal as we came into the year but we did have two significant losses and we're going to have to deal with those losses all year long and we're going to have to lap those losses and we're going to have to be careful that those losses don't continue in the rest of our business.
John Hammergren: Yeah, Lisa, this is John. We did obviously have some impact particularly from the loss of the independent buying group that was more compliant with generics than other customers might normally be. So substantially better probably would be an exaggeration but it would have been better had we not lost those customers at the end of last year so we're really pleased with the performance and frankly, the continued success of our generic program as Jeff mentioned was one of the fuels to what was an outstanding quarter.
John Hammergren: Well, we in the past have used other metrics, we talked about bookings at one point in our past and we used a long time ago, our predecessors used to talk a little bit about funnels so I'm a little reluctant to go back to those things but I would say that we are seeing increased activity both from an interest perspective and from a contracting perspective. However, as you know the way we are reporting our financials, it really rolls into our results when we actually get customers live and successful so I would say that we are continuing to see interest and activity and we are optimistic that 2011 will be a good year for us in the technology business and we'll gain strength throughout this year and we should be able to continue to provide color as the year goes along and if we get any significant contracts of merit we may chat with you about them, but it's usually a lot of small things that add up to a successful feeling about 2011.
John Hammergren: But you're correct Charles, that this conversation today was talking about the one-time event of the cash infusion coming from the settlement that offsets the company's normal requirement to make that $60 million contribution.
John Hammergren: Those are good questions. I think that the customers, all of them I would say are trying to figure this out and clearly we can make some estimates as to what criteria will be required and the products are going to implement and what meaningful use is actually going to mean but right now they're all guesses as these things haven't been fully defined, but we have a reasonable appreciation for where we might be headed so, as you might imagine we've been working with these customers to make sure that they're making progress towards these objectives and there are different levels of implementations that have already taken place or are under way, so we're trying to encourage our customers to start now if they haven't already started and to continue if they have started and not only in the planning phase but also the implementation phases, so I think without exception, Glen, it appears to me that our customers want to meet the requirements and it's a question of how are they going to fund these things short-term, what do they want to install first and second and third and where do they stand today in sort of a diagnostic way. As to what they're going to buy, I think it's going to be obviously up to each customer but we think they are going to require not only software but also implementation support and services. Some of them are going to ask us to host these items for them and help them manage their data centers, they will have to be connected to other constituents in the system, we believe, and clearly, there's already a connection requirement for the health plan and to make things simpler and more efficient clearly doctors and other healthcare organizations are going to want to be connected so I think there's a really across the board opportunity for us to help our customers with these challenges. I just have to point out though this is a complex thing and it's going to take us to get these people up and running where they need to be up and running is going to take us into 2011 and as you might know also from the legislation, the government is not even expecting them to be in meaningful use until out so, that's really what they're focused on is what do I need to do to make it across the finish line in the most robust way.
John Hammergren: Well as I mentioned before one of the keys to this business is to get revenue growth and to help our customers get these implementations live and to make them successful. I do think Pat is the right person for this task, but as I also mentioned there are actually five businesses inside MTS, all of which have leadership in place including MPT which is the focus of a lot of the stimulus money which was lead by Palmisano Samuel. So although we made some changes in Palmi's organization in certain areas we do think we have a good team and we have a good strategy in place, it should be successful and we're now investing more heavily frankly in our ability to help our customers be successful and to assist in the implementation process with our products and to make sure that it's more than just buying the software it's actually getting physician adoption, for example, and so I think there are some things we can do to improve the relationship our customers have with us and their success implementing our products with many constituents, not the least of which are the physicians. I think I would not anticipate major strategic changes in the business with the change in addition of Pat to the team. Pat and I have spent not only 13 years here together working together, but we work these businesses together as a collaborative team. All of our Presidents are involved in our quarterly reviews and our strategy reviews. He has a good familiarity with the business and people in the business and it's not as if he has to start from ground zero to get familiar with it so I think there are some things we can do that will help us from an execution perspective. You can see we've already made some changes to align our cost in a way that I think will help improve our ability to get to our target margins and so I'm excited about where we're headed but the key in the business is customer success which will lead to revenue for our Company.
John Hammergren: Well we typically don't talk in detail about our compensation plans. Clearly the more we overachieve our original guidance more likely we are to move up in those compensation figures but this is all self-funded and we have to overachieve by enough to continue to fund the plans that we have in place. We have over 10,000 bonus eligible employees in our Company so people are keenly aware of the fact the plan we put in place was something we were not excited about and the management team was not only going to take huge measures to take costs out of the business, but also on a personal level not have a salary increase and we were going to also participate in a bonus reduction at least at those planned levels. So I think the encouraging news here is that we look like we are going to exceed the original expectations that we set forth and if we continue to perform the way that I expect we will, then our ability to achieve above those lower levels of bonus will be available to us, but I think the most important thing that our employees are focused on is making sure that we're delivering for our customers and that we hit the objectives that we tell our owners in the Company that we're going to hit and both those factors are very important.
John Hammergren: That's a good question. We did make some cuts last year in many areas, but I'd also say we made some investments in many areas. It was really an opportunity for us to focus the business on those key priorities that are important as we get to particularly the stimulus spending as well as our as you know we've been developing another financial product line, so those investments are important to us and we really made I think very careful moves not to impact those key priorities. As you know though, when we start helping our customers implement software we need people on the ground that know what they're doing and there is going to be sort of an advanced training and implementation phase of our hiring and getting people skilled before we put them in front of our customers. So as we said we think these implementations will begin to ramp up as we get to the end of this year and into next year, that's how we realize the revenue next year, and that will require us to have some investment in the back half of this year. I don't think it's significant in terms of the overall cooperation and because we have done a good job at controlling expenses thus far, I think our guidance contains the investment that we think is necessaryTom Gallucci – Lazard Capital Markets: Okay. And just finally, on the cash usage, pretty aggressive on the buyback this quarter. $500 million or so left. How should we think about longer term cash deployment, Jeff? Thank you.
John Hammergren: Eric, back to your conversation about H1N1, the most significant impact on a relative basis probably was in the med/surge business. If you look at the revenue line of med/surge you'll see that it grew much faster than what we would have said the normal market growth rates are and as you know med/surge carries a slightly higher profit margin than our pharmaceutical distribution business so on a relative basis good revenue.Eric Coldwell – Robert W. Baird & Co.: Right. And John, I guess what I am looking at is one of your closest competitors PSS put up 2.7% benefit from swine flu as they quantified it with a higher incremental margin so –
John Hammergren: And I think, Eric, the point is that we're consistent with that range in our medical surgical business, we also had a little bit of uptick from calls to our nurse triage centers in both Australia, New Zealand, (inaudible) Australia and New Zealand in the U.S. and you had a small uptick in sales of a few drugs you'd expect like Tamiflu in the U.S. pharma business.
John Hammergren: It is in SG&A and to use real round numbers it's sort of roughly split between the distribution and technology business with a small portion in corporate.
