John H. Hammergren: I think we're seeing a pickup in the overall business, Lisa. I think we're doing a better job of penetrating our existing customer base from a sales perspective, selling more of what they need to run their practices. And clearly in the alternate site markets, we're growing rapidly in home care and extended care. I also would say that I think we are gaining some additional new customers as we progress with our value proposition in our offering. We're making our sales force more efficient through the productivity tools we're giving them so they have more time to spend with the customers, and we're providing tools to our customers, frankly, so they can order more efficiently from us. I would also say that the flu impact as we began to see it was more late in December. We might see some of it in our fourth quarter. I mean clearly, the January and February effects we'll see -- it won't really be that material on Med-Surg. But it's an important part of our business, and clearly we are seeing an uptake in physician office visits and emergency room visits, et cetera, in our industry. But I think overall, it's just kind of solid momentum across the board and almost all of the businesses that comprise Med-Surg and continued traction with the value proposition we've given to our customers.
John H. Hammergren: Yes, I will also just add to Jeff's comments here, I think we're excited about the progress the team is making in getting customers on board with our value proposition. But in the near term, with that revenue rec issue being out in front of us, we actually probably are booking more expenses in the near term and it can't be delayed, and the revenue gets delayed as we get these implementations done and continue to build up the value of the product for our customers. So it actually has a compounding effect. The success of the bookings raises expenses, and the revenue gets delayed as we try to get it. Now we are getting the cash though, and so I think there's an indication that products are working and our customers are happy. It really is just an issue of making sure that we've met the obligations and the requirements our customers have in front of us before we can actually book the revenue.
John H. Hammergren: I think that it's really across the board, Tom. I think the branded guys -- or excuse me, the distribution guys are really performing very well. They're focused in executing well across the board. As Jeff mentioned, we do see continued strength in our relationships with the branded manufacturers. Frankly, most of that strength will be realized in our fourth quarter as we've seen the progression of what's transpired early in this calendar year. So I think we are feeling good about what's going on. Our Canadian business, setting aside the charge, is performing well. And I think our generic business is executed very well as well. So -- and I think that we've -- we're in pretty good shape in that business and are executing well.
John H. Hammergren: I think we're actually having strength across the board also in specialty. I think we've seen a nice ramp in customers who have either already joined or indicated an interest in joining our US Oncology Network, which, as you know, is the most intimate of the relationships we have with our customers in that space. Our value proposition there is quite expansive, and as customers come under pressure, clearly US Oncology is an alternative that I think most folks are considering. One of the things we're tracking a lot now is what benefit are our customers realizing by being part of the US Oncology Network and is that benefit improving year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter. And I can tell you, we're tracking very nicely for our customers as it relates to their performance under these programs with us. So that's a real positive. And I do think that the segment overall continues to be poised for a good growth as we look forward.
John H. Hammergren: Yes, I think we look at our opportunities in fiscal '14, both from a headwind and a tailwind perspective, et cetera, how are we going to position for an environment where generics are going to grow slower than they have historically. Now I think everybody understands it's going to be difficult for us to fill the gap year-on-year on the performance related to what drove -- what was driven by generics. But from time to time, not unlike any company of our size, we have to review ways in which we might become even more efficient and be more effective as an organization. We have a very strong culture of Six Sigma and continuous improvement in our business, and we're always thinking about things that we can do to optimize our facilities or consolidate various systems to get the potential outcome -- best potential outcome we can for our company. There's always trade-offs in making these decisions, and we have to be careful about the kinds of things we might consider. But clearly, we want to be lean and mean, and we want to make sure that we're doing everything we can to optimize our performance in '14. But the most important thing for us to do in '14 is not to impact negatively our trajectory going into '15, because we see this hiatus of generics in the next year as not something that's a permanent reset in the way our business operates but a temporary year-on-year comparison that we'll get through, and then as we get into the next year, we're going to be poised once again to experience the type of growth that we have historically. So that's really what we're looking at, and I think we want to be as efficient as we can be.
John H. Hammergren: Well, let me maybe do those in reverse order. On the Canadian charge, we clearly think the $40 million is the right reserve because that's what we booked. I would emphasize that those are discussions that are at a very advanced stage, so nothing is over until it's over. But I would say, Eric, that gives us a pretty high level of confidence that we have the right number and that's the end of it. On corporate expenses, you are right. They vary a lot quarter-to-quarter. I suppose one of the realities of being a company founded in 1833 is sometimes we have history. So last year, we had an old -- a little bit of an asset impairment in that line. This year, you have things like a environmental charge we took that relates to the chemical business we were once in, and it's a pretty sizable charge. So over the course of a year, all those things tend to kind of net out. And that's why I feel pretty good when I look at that corporate expense line and what we're projecting for the full year, and it's pretty flattish. This year, just because of the timing of the way things happened in last year's December quarter versus this year's December quarter, with the example I just gave you of environmental -- significant environmental charge, it looks tough year-over-year. But I don't think there's anything that you need to think about or model in from a run rate perspective.
John H. Hammergren: Well, we never like to tell people exactly when we're going to be buying stock back and when we're not. I think there's a couple of important messages here. One is that we continue to have -- be in great cash businesses, and we have a very strong balance sheet. So even with the upcoming $2.1 billion acquisition of PSS, we're confident that you will see some level of continued share repurchase, albeit obviously lower than it would have been if we weren't buying PSS. And I think the incremental authorization that the board gave us this week is a sign of all of our confidence in the future and where we're going as a company.
John H. Hammergren: No, I think it's also fair to say, George, that generic is but one component of our overall performance, and we're doing everything we can to make sure that we've -- we're piling up more tailwinds than we have headwinds. Now, it's always an ongoing battle, and we're not finished with our planning for next year. But I think that's why Jeff is a little reluctant to say, well, here's the challenge generics might be. First of all, we don't necessarily know the full number yet because our teams are still working on what their projections are going to be. And secondly, hopefully, there'll be other things that are going in our favor that will help minimize that effect to the extent that we can.
John H. Hammergren: Right. I think the way you should interpret what I said was that like anybody else, we have an opportunity to look at where you can tighten the belt and what steps you can make and the rock you haven't lifted in a couple of years might be lifted and provided an opportunity. And I think what we're saying is that in the next several months, we are going to be focused on how do we provide more momentum going into FY '14, to some of the measures we can control, things we can do, and it could be our sourcing activities, even our indirect sourcing activities and things like copy paper, how do we refine what we do to reduce our spending as much as we can. But the real message I was leaving you was we're not going to do anything to the company in fiscal '14 because I mean structurally, like shutting down 1/2 our distribution centers, et cetera, because we believe our growth trajectory is going to come back as we look at fiscal '15 and beyond. And so this is not an issue of an industry reset where the distribution business is going to lose significant volumes and therefore we have to restructure our cost. I think this is an opportunity for us to just be responsible and be reflective and make sure that we're positioning the company properly as we come back into what we think will be more promising years ahead.
John H. Hammergren: I think one of the positives about providing adjusted earnings is that we take some of that complexity out. And so when Jeff spent the last portion of his prepared remarks talking about these items, I believe all of those items are actually adjusted out. And so that was meant to help you reconcile between adjusted and GAAP as opposed to some flavor on onetime issues in the quarter that were adjusted -- the one, our -- the Canadian issue and those other issues flowed through earnings and were not adjusted. And when we talk about litigation-related expenses, for example, they're related to very specific litigation items, of which primarily AWP, maybe all AWP and this RAMQ thing, for example, doesn't get adjusted out. So we've ...
John H. Hammergren: We've tried to be pretty specific about what we put in and what we put out, and that was a bit of a reconciliation.
John H. Hammergren: Well, I guess, we typically don't talk about customer accounts by products and in certain markets who's buying what. I guess the comment or the discussion was meant to provide some confidence with our stakeholders that the Paragon product line is being well received. And that many of our customers that had been using the Horizon product line that have been faced with a serious question about the consideration of Paragon versus the consideration of other alternatives that more than we had expected are actually committing to Paragon and moving forward with that decision. We've also made tremendous progress with Horizon. Our customers are stable, our implementations have gone well, people are getting to Meaningful Use attestation, and our products are coming GA at the time frame that we had expected. And our Paragon roadmap is solid and remains on track as well. Our emergency department product is now GA-ed or getting close to GA-ing. Our reviews with the firms that have been helping us to make sure that we're on track on the development perspective are pleased. And as I mentioned in my comments, class has now rated the product for the seventh year in a row Best in Class for Community Healthcare. But I think surprisingly -- surprising to some, not to us, but to some, the product is now rated basically #2 in the marketplace overall because of its ease of use, its integration and its cost of ownership. So we're really pleased with the customer satisfaction really across the board, even when you think about the larger hospitals that are moving from Horizon to Paragon. It's going quite well.
John H. Hammergren: Yes, we're committed to making our customers successful. I don't want to get too specific about the specific individual customers. But clearly, Meaningful Use is important to us. And we want these customers to get there, and we'll help them get there on Horizon and on Paragon.
John H. Hammergren: Excellent. Thank you very much, Amber, and thank you also for joining us on the call today. I'm very pleased with our operating performance in Distribution Solutions, including the strong momentum in our Medical-Surgical business, as we move closer to completing our acquisition of PSS World Medical. I continue to believe we are well positioned to deliver value to our customers by helping them improve their business health and their ability to connect with other stakeholders and ultimately deliver better care to their patients. And like always, I want to thank our McKesson associates for their hard work and focus on our customers' success. I now will hand the call over to Erin for a review of our upcoming events for the financial community.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, the reality as we sit here today, Lisa, is we have a situation where we've got a lot of bookings, a lot of implementations, a lot of customers who like the product, but a structure where that revenue is liable to be sitting on our balance sheet for an extended period of time. And so I can't give you a solid end point sitting here today. I would tell you that as we think about our FY '14 plans, that revenue is unlikely to reverse in FY '14 even. And so the magnitude of the challenge I just described in '13 is liable to be somewhat replicated in FY '14.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Just to be very clear on the accounting, Lisa and John. So all of the expenses associated with these customers, we just book ratably as we incur it. That's why I made the comment earlier that I described the revenue that's being deferred is really revenue that...
Jeffrey C. Campbell: The other thing I might remind you of, Steve, is as we always point out when we first provide guidance for the year, when we're providing guidance, we always exclude any potential future material litigation reserve adjustments or acquisitions divestitures or material charges that we take because of any restructuring decisions we might make.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: No, it would work backwards. Certainly, our goal has not changed at all, and it's obviously frustrating and disappointing to us that a change in how we view what's going on in the -- that international technology business in terms of the rev rec is going to keep us from getting to it for the year. To be clear, for the year, yes. If you go back and you look at the operating margin last year, our guidance is we should -- you should see revenue growth off last year's revenue similar to the kind of growth we had last year, which was 4%. And the operating margin will be pretty flat to last year, so that gives you a pretty tight band in which you can think about the operating profit of that segment.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: George, we have not taken a cut at it because one thing we certainly learned is that the world of generic launches changes every week. And that's why when we give you guidance in late April or early May, we'll be very precise on what we're assuming. When we go to make those assumptions, I make the observation that we're using the same data that is available to everyone publicly. And so I've seen several people take estimates at this, and it's a big number. And the estimates range just like our own estimates range, but it's a big number. But I don't want to -- if I gave you a number today, I'm sure I'd have to give you a different number in 3 months because the world will change.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, we gather, Bob, in our acquisition-related expense line anything that is directly related to either the transaction costs, so something large like PSS when we get there. It will be things like the cost of doing the bridge loan, et cetera. We also put in there integration costs, restructuring costs as you go about consolidating facilities, et cetera. So when we -- what is a little confusing about that line, however, this year is we have this unusual accounting earlier in the year where we have a very large gain related to buying the other 50% of our headquarters building we didn't previously own. If you strip that out, it looks like a more normal number. So as the other thing, just to be very clear, is what's -- what we've got in there in the 9 months year-to-date is obviously anything that has been incurred related to a transaction that we have announced. So, for example, there's a little bit of PSS cost in the year-to-date, about $6 million and the -- related to PSS because we incurred those costs subsequent to announcing it. But as I give you guidance for the March quarter on those numbers, we haven't closed PSS, so I'm not including in those estimates, all of the costs that we will in fact incur at the time we close PSS because it would still be an estimate. So, boy, if I -- listening to myself, I know I made this very, very confusing.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, you probably will see their results because as an SEC registrant who's independent, and we obviously can't speak for PSS because we don't own them today, they have an SEC filing requirement and they will be filing their Q in early February in line with their filing obligations. And I would estimate that we'll be closing around the end of February.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: We only have a few customers in our warehouse line. And the warehouse line has been partially negatively affected by the move to generics. When a brand moves to generic, many of these customers will -- first of all, it goes down in price. Secondly, it may be sourced on a direct basis where otherwise, it might have been a warehouse item. But the phenomena moving to direct clearly is a separate issue, and I think our customers see tremendous value in the service we provide in a direct model. And so several of our customers have said I know we used the warehouse and that sells -- shifts into our warehouses, we prefer to have you manage this directly to our store so we don't have to go through the supply chain expense of handling it ourselves. So there's lots of reasons people would pick to do that. But generally speaking, I think our customers see value in going on a direct model with us.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Yes. So -- and then to be clear, Ricky, this is really relative to our expectations for the year. The very good news to John's point is while we knew warehouse revenues were going to have a significant downward hit from the brand-to-generic conversions because it's all brand product, we have seen more of an offset than we expected as the handful -- less than a handful really of customers that John was talking about have chosen to put a little bit more through the direct channel than the warehouse channel. It's a very good thing for us.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Yes, Charles, I'm happy to reprise the math because it is a little -- our results are not as simple as we might have hoped this quarter. But the charge in Canada equates to $0.12. And then the full year impact relative to our expectations of the revenue deferrals in our international business is $0.09. So that would -- if there were nothing else going on, you'd think we would take our guidance range down by the $0.21. The very good news is we're feeling much more positive about the full year results across really all of our other businesses, although it is primarily distribution. And that's about $0.16 of upsides. And that's why if you look at what do we do with our guidance range versus 90 days ago, we've only moved it down $0.05, despite the challenge of the $0.12 of the charge in Canada.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, let me just remind you, Glen, of one thing, which is while there is only a modest piece of our annual economics with brand manufacturers that is price dependent, even for the portion where we know what we're going to make in a year, the timing of which quarter we get it can still be completely driven by price increases. And so what we clearly saw this year as they shipped out of the December quarter and into the March quarter, so I mean your -- I haven't done the math maybe exactly the way you did, but we're quite confident in the guidance we've given. If it checks out with the math you've done, yes, we will have a very unusually strong March quarter driven by all parts of our business. But the timing of those brand economics will be a significant piece of it.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: That was -- actually that was last December quarter when we -- a year ago when we made the decision to make Paragon the key...
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Yes, I may have confused people, Ross. We really have not previously given any assumptions about financing. To help people just with the math, what I said when we first announced it was, look, if you're thinking about what kind of earnings will it generate in the first 12 months, if you were to assume we 100% financed it at 4% debt, you would have $0.15 to $0.25 of accretion. I didn't mean to imply we were going to 100% finance it. It was just a way to help people be very clear on the math. Accretion's kind of a funny number when you think about it in isolation for a transaction of this size because, of course, we would have done something else with the cash if we hadn't bought -- if we weren't buying PSS. So I'd caution people about being purely incremental on the accretion related to this.
