Brian Tyler: Well, so Lisa, I'll start with the wage component and you'll recall last year as we track the markets, both nationally and locally we decided midyear to take some wage actions. We mentioned that was probably $0.10 to $0.20 in each of the segments. We brought a perspective into our Fiscal 2023 guide and at this point we still think that that our views on the labor markets and the guidance are in sync. It's something that we'll continue to watch. People are an important part of our value delivery mechanism. It's important that that we stay on top of it, but as we look at key metrics like turnover and service out our doors, we're still comfortable that our assumptions for FY 2023 are the initial outlook we provided you for FY 2023 will be relevant. As it relates to fuel specifically, it's probably a nuanced answer. I think Britt characterized it correctly that it's been immaterial for this fiscal year. In some instances we can contractually pass it through. In other instances, we have the ability to set price and certainly we take actions for efficiency within the operation to continually offset any expenses like that we might have.
Brian Tyler: Hey, Mike, thanks for the question. Let me try to tackle that. I think the biggest piece that we identify for our consolidated operations was the divestitures in Europe that drove a lot of the operating expense decline year-over-year. But we also have continued to execute against a lot of our cost initiatives that we began three years ago, and a lot of the efficiency that we've driven into the organization and continue to be focused on not only efficiencies, but driving automation in the company as well. Couple other things that I would point out for sure is in our corporate line we saw lower opioid litigation expenses as compared to the prior year. Now we called that out in our guidance at the beginning of the year, but on a year-over-year basis it was lower in the first quarter and that's going through our corporate line. But I think overall it's a lot of the efficiencies that we've driven in the organization, our cost programs that we've been after now for the last three to four years and the leverage that we're able to get as we continue to drive the corporation for gaining productivity.
Brian Tyler: Hey Steven, thanks for the question. So what we tried to do with that slide is give you the progression, excluding some of the things that we're working through here, obviously with COVID test kits and vaccines and so forth. The guidance that we gave you is more on a long-term basis and again excluding some of the programs that we have in place, and obviously excluding McKesson Ventures'. When you look at each of our segments, as I talked about them here today our segments have actually performed slightly ahead of the launch of growth rates that we provided at Investor Day. One of the things that we're obviously working through here is the divestitures of Europe and the cadence of those divestitures and obviously what we've talked about from getting here is we're going to try to offset that dilution with share repurchases. But if you look at our operating profit growth excluding the programs that we have with the U.S. government, COVID test kits then you look at the segments that is really in line with the long term growth rates that we provided at Investor Day and on a consolidated basis, the 10% to 15% that we've talked about here today again, also aligns with that long-term guidance. We feel very good that we're on pace that we're tracking against what we, we told you at our Investor Day in December.
Brian Tyler: Yes. I mean, I think as relates to the vaccine – the vaccines themselves, those continue to run through the centralized government model to be perfectly candid 2.5 years ago, it would've been hard to imagine we'd still be in this scenario as a nation, just thinking of our public health and the prevalence of the disease that we still see. As we've said all along we're committed to bring our assets and capabilities to help support the public health response in any way we can. We're I guess, happy we have the facility and continue to support the government program. But like most of us probably will not be sad when there's no longer a need for any of this
Brian Tyler: And then Ricky, this relative to the distribution of the vaccine itself, I mean, I guess probably best to just stick to the facts, I mean we've extended the U.S. government agreement to July of 2023. So to the extent, the U.S. government continues to acquire vaccines and make them available to the public. We will be there, the centralized distributor of those vaccines, should another model emerge and a distributor want to use commercial markets, obviously McKesson continues to have incredible vaccine capabilities in the commercial market as well. We're the leading distributor of the seasonal flu. We support the vaccines for children program. We've got great relationships with community providers all over the country, and we would obviously be anxious, ready and willing to support those commercial efforts as well.
Brian Tyler: Yes. Thanks for the question. Let me parse that out because I think there are some differences between the two segments. In the pharmaceutical segment, we did talk about improved utilization year-over-year. I think if you look at IQVIA [ph] numbers, you'll see that first quarter versus last year, there's approximately 7% growth in prescription transaction volume. So that is significant from what we've seen over the last few years. I also talked about in my remarks that within our U.S. pharmaceutical segment, we are seeing faster growth in our national, retail national account customers. So our largest accounts are growing faster than the market. And that's not something new to this quarter. We've talked about that now for the previous, four or five quarters. We have seen faster growth in those retail national account customers. In our medical business, we have a very strong primary care business and we've talked about the strength that we've had across all the channels and the breadth of products and services that continues. What we did see in the first quarter is really, what I would call an extended flu season. So we talked about higher level of illness in flu sales in the quarter. That was a part of the upside for medical in the first quarter. But overall it's the primary care business continuing to be quite robust and strong.
Brian Tyler: Well, thanks for the question, Eric. I don't really want to try to project what's in the, the street models, but I will call out a couple things that I did talk about in remarks that I think could be a part of the disconnect, at least for the quarter. The cadence of our European divestiture activity could be a big part of that. We closed our UK retail and wholesale operations in April of 2022. And so when you look at the UK business in the Austrian businesses being divested that drove a significant Delta in gross profit and in operating expenses. In gross profit, if you could exclude the European divestitures, our gross profit to actually increase 9% that was in my initial remarks. The other thing that I would just go back to a prior comment, in our U.S. pharmaceutical segment, we are seeing faster growth from our retail national account customers. And those customers, as we've talked about in prior quarters have lower margins for us than the rest of our book, as you would expect that to have. So, again, our retail national account customers growing a little bit faster than the rest of the book that has a mix impact, but I think the big Delta in this quarter is really the timing and the cadence of these European divestitures.
Brian Tyler: Yes, I think the key is the, the margin profile of the products and the services themselves is very stable, not improving, but the mix is a pure mix effects. And 3PL tends to be a high revenue, relatively low margin component of this business.
Brian Tyler: Yes, sure. We're really excited about this. There were two parts to the acquisition. The first is the JV partnership with HCA, which brings Sarah Cannon and the USOR organizations together in the first instance, I'd say, they're both really very community provider facing organizations, both involved in clinical research. We think that community pharmacy and bringing, I mean, community oncology and bringing the community practices more prominently into clinical trials and the development of new medications is going to be important for all, overall health outcomes. So we look to see tremendous complementary across the brands, across the teams and really across the areas, we've each historically invested in. So we're really excited. We're excited to be partnered with HCA in this initiative. And the second component of that was the acquisition of an asset called Genospace. Really think about that as a complimentary data and analytics complement our other capabilities like Ontada, but this is going to help us do trial matching and recruiting, support clinical decision, support and really just become another component of this oncology ecosystem that we talk about. So we're really excited about this. We're obviously still, in the phase of waiting for regulatory approvals and pending closed, but we're really excited about this and as another important step in building out our community based oncology ecosystem.
Brian Tyler: Okay, Rachel that was it. Thanks. Well look, I mean, again, say thank you to everybody for taking time to join our call. Really, appreciate the thoughtful questions. I want to thank Justin for helping facilitate the call. I just wrap by reiterating, we had a really solid first quarter, total company revenue and adjusted earnings per diluted share. We're ahead of our expectations that we laid out in May. I remain confident, I know bridge shares my confidence in our resilient business model and our ability to deliver sustainable growth and generate attractive shareholder returns in FY 2023 and beyond. I want to end again by thanking Team McKesson for their unwavering focus and commitment to our vision, to our strategy and to each other. The support of a strong and dedicated team is the powerful driving force. That helps McKesson transform itself into a diversified healthcare services company and make a meaningful difference for all the patients we serve. Thanks again. I hope you all have a terrific evening.
