John H. Hammergren: Yes, that's a fair assumption, Tom. It is -- there's been some moving parts in the industry that have caused some of our larger customers to grow a little more rapidly than otherwise, and I think that's what's reflected in those numbers.
John H. Hammergren: And, Lisa, you might recall there's a large -- there was a large contract that changed hands between one of our competitor's customers and one of our customers. And as a result, our warehouse revenue for the next 3 quarters at a minimum will be growing nicely as a result. To Jeff's point though, it does come at a low margin, puts a little pressure on us from a mix perspective in terms of driving our margin rate up. But we did guide to a margin rate increase for the year, in basis points we talked about earlier. So even with that pressure I think we can still get good leverage in our business, and we're pleased that our customers are winning, and we get to reflect that through our revenue as well.
John H. Hammergren: Well, as we said earlier we are really pleased that we were able to win that award, and renew that relationship, and we're very happy about that. The contract itself has some nuances associated with it, but I think it largely is similar to the contract we had before. As it relates to other customers though, this customer is unique in its approach and the contract reflects its uniqueness in terms of the way it buys and the way it behaves, and so we had an eight-year run understanding how the VA contract worked for us and clearly that gives -- gave us good insight as we put our proposal in and fortunately allowed us to win that award. We don't believe other customers have any confusion about the uniqueness of the VA, and so we're hopeful that we'll continue to move forward with them like we have in the past as well.
John H. Hammergren: We are aware of the activity at Express Scripts. We typically don't talk about the activities of our existing customers, let alone the activities of other people's customers or potential customers. So I hesitate to comment on the Express Scripts opportunity other than to say that clearly, they're a large -- a large player in the industry now and will certainly command the interest of players in the industry, and I know that this will be sort of another mini VA question for people, but there's a time line to get it resolved. I think that from a service perspective, McKesson stands in a position where we are able to service customers and accomplish their requirements, both from a capacity perspective, but probably as important, in terms of the value we bring to our discussions with our customers, and that's what we try to focus the opportunity. Sometimes customers are open to those discussions and sometimes they're not. And clearly our team will have to reflect on that as they think about this opportunity going forward.
John H. Hammergren: Well I didn't see the quote, I can guess as to where it came from. The -- that same person probably also has a vertical opportunity in terms of retailing. So it's difficult to say necessarily where they may end up or go. Clearly, we have a North American footprint in Distribution today that we're very proud of, and we've performed very well in those markets. As it relates to international expansion, there are clearly some synergies that exist relative to product sourcing perhaps, and that may exist in terms of bringing best practices between various countries or markets, and we've done some of that clearly here between Canada, in particular, and the U.S. and we've taken a one McKesson approach into Canada, bringing other products and services there even outside of Distribution, because that footprint or platform gives us an opportunity to expand. And clearly that same argument could be made for other markets. That's the bull case for doing those kinds of things. The bear case, you'd have to think about growth rates in other markets. You have to think about the cost to buy into other markets or the greenfield in other markets and return on capital, and we are very focused on getting cash returns that are exceeding our cost of capital. We do think cash flow is very important, and we do think that you have to pay the right price or it doesn't matter how strategic a potential acquisition would be. And then so growth rates, what you have to pay, what synergies do you bring and then lastly, what are the characteristics of those markets. Are you -- as you've witnessed recently in other headlines, there are dangers in going off the American shores and participating in markets where business practices might be at minimum unfamiliar to us and at maximum, potentially hazardous to us. And I think that McKesson's very aware of those challenges and has to remain diligent and visual [ph] and remain focused on not poisoning ourselves through an acquisition that doesn't make sense in that characteristic. So we remain open, but albeit skeptical on some of this and we'll see how it plays out.
John H. Hammergren: Well, at a high-level, the customers that we've -- that I've met with personally, I'll speak first-hand, have been very open to the discussion around, providing a product that's fully integrated, provide a product that is easier to implement and easier to manage and own over time, and one that is more prepared for the future where connectivity to payers and connectivity to consumers and dealing with a bundled pace -- bundled base pricing, those kinds of things. That they understand what -- where we need to be in the next 10 years and they're focused on getting there. Having said that, they're also very focused on getting their products installed and operating and getting their Meaningful Use dollars brought in. And that's, I think, the beauty of the strategy that we announced. We are not sunsetting the Horizon product line, and we have told our customers that the Horizon Clinical product line will be invested in through the Meaningful Use cycles in getting them to where they need to be from a regulatory perspective, to receive full access to the funds. Should they choose to go to Paragon, we want to position Paragon as a go-to platform for them, and that's really been the context of the discussion. As it relates to the fiscal '13 guidance, clearly there are some revenue recognition challenges that we've mentioned in the GA discussion that Jeff had, relative to the strong last half, in fact, strong fourth quarter to be more specific relative to this business. And so as we think about our customers' success, frankly, we're investing towards their success and less focused on near-term revenue rec issues and more focused on how do we make sure that they're getting the products they need, that we're investing against those products and that they're happy customers of McKesson. There'll be a little chance to have a discussion with them about their go-forward platform if we fail them on their near-term expectations, so our focus is to invest heavily to get them to where they need to be.
John H. Hammergren: Yes, I think our -- the answer on that particular product is we've -- we planned it appropriately and conservatively, and I think it's performing the way we had expected it to, and it is frankly -- will perform based on other expert thoughts where we think it will be. So we are, as I've said in the past, we sometimes are wrong in individual molecules, not very wrong usually, but sometimes wrong and maybe timing, maybe pricing, but generally speaking, the portfolio is right. And on these bigger drugs, we're probably even more accurate, because of the import to our company, and I think we are -- are where we expected to be.
John H. Hammergren: I think it probably is fair, Ricky, that the margin variation you've seen in previous quarters and years is, in some way, an indicator, at least graphically, of what you might expect. I wouldn't focus, as Jeff said, so much of the numbers, but you're going to see that kind of variability like you always do.
John H. Hammergren: And on the generic question, Ricky, I think our generic growth was in line with what we had expected and in line with where the market is. We've gotten -- we continue to get a little bit of increased penetration in our existing customer base but clearly we continue to focus on making sure that we do the right job in terms of sourcing these products as well.
John H. Hammergren: And before I answer the question on Marc, George, I might also point out in the hospital-facing businesses, we sometimes focus heavily on Horizon Clinicals and this Paragon discussion, even in that business we have a very strong and rapidly growing analytics business that wraps around anybody's core electronic medical record, we have a very large Medical Imaging business, you might recall that we were one of the leaders in PACS systems being installed. Our automation business is also in that hospital number that -- a reference that Jeff just made. So there are lots of pieces there that are very important to us that frankly, can rise and fall on their own performance, based on innovation and how they go to market. As it relates to Marc Owen, what's great about this team, having been together for over a decade for most of us, including Marc, there is a complete alignment around strategy and a complete alignment around capital allocation and around returns in a way we approach M&A and strategy and business development. Having said that, he's not easy to replace, and so we hope to look for someone that will bring his tremendous attributes and intellect to the party. But he's going to do a great job for us in the specialty business. As you might imagine, managing the physician space, in particular, in specialty health is extremely important. And strategically, the opportunities that are present for us in that business are quite significant. And so it's nice to have a resource that we know and we trust at the helm there that also has those skills and leadership capability. So we're delighted to have Mark assume that role and head off to Houston.
John H. Hammergren: No, I don't think so. I just -- I think you should think about the fastest-growing drivers of both revenue in the warehouse as well as direct revenues. Growth in customers that exist and in large customers that exists, so it probably was a little bit of mix pressure, both from the warehouse but also from the people in direct, that might have been benefiting from some of the industry challenges that were going on in those big metropolitan markets where you have lots of chains competing with each other. Those chains that were our customers that might have won business would have been lower margin, typically, than the independent stores or other people in our base. So I think that mixing works through both of those revenue lines. But we're still pleased, obviously with the margin performance in the business, and if you actually look underlying the covers, you take that revenue and normalize it a little bit, we're making the kind of progress we expect it to.
John H. Hammergren: Well, I'm going to close up here, and I'll give it to Erin in just a moment. I want to thank all of you for being on the call today. We had a strong finish to our fiscal year. Our expectations for a solid performance in going into 2013 are certainly here, and our opportunity to continue to deploy capital in an appropriate way and in a portfolio way will allow us to continue, I think, to drive value for our customers and strong financial returns for our shareholders. With that, I'll turn it over to Erin.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, as I said, Tom, while generics are an important driver for us in FY '13 given the unprecedented year in oral generics as we've also talked about of course, it's a down year for specialty generics. I'd really come back to the fact that there's other items that are just as big driving some quarterly volatility. So the guidance I gave at the end there for the effect on EPS by quarter, where in particular for the June quarter as a percentage of our total year's earnings, we'd expect it to look actually pretty similar to last year, and it will -- the results will again be back-half loaded, pretty similar to last year. So a lot of the differences in the oral generic launch calendar are getting offset by some of the other timing differences we see year-over-year.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, while the Walgreens-Express dispute certainly drove some traffic everywhere else in the industry and many of our customers benefited from that and therefore, us. The increase, Lisa, in the warehouse revenues is really driven by the small handful of customers for whom we do warehouse business. I'd remind you that we only do warehouse business as part of a broader surface -- service offering to these customers where we do lots of direct store delivery. The warehouse revenues themselves are at a very low margin, which we don't disclose, but are an important part of the broader service offering to these customers. When you look at 2013, because the increase is more importantly, driven by some of the new business that our customers have won, we would actually expect double-digit growth in the warehouse revenue line in 2013.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, let me walk backwards on those. You're correct that in March we did a $1.2 billion ASR, and while the ultimate final timing or average price will be determined over the next few months. In effect, an estimate based on the then market price of how many shares we will ultimately get comes out of the share count right away. So when you see our 10-K in another day or so, you'll see that the March 31 share count, or I guess the mid-April share count for the 10-K, was about 235 million shares, because it reflects a very large reduction. I think once you plug that in you'll get right to our weighted average sales assumption. On receivables, I guess, I'd come back to it. Remember, we had a lot of growth in sales, so from a pure DSO perspective, you actually see our DSOs declining year-over-year from 25 to 24. And as always, that's really just driven more by customer mix than anything else, because it's really our U.S. Pharma business, it's the only one that's big enough to have much of an impact on that AR line, and we're actually pleased with that progress.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: No, the Katz transaction, while they did -- do appear in the balance sheet on March 31, there's no P&L results because we closed right at the end of March. The assets and liabilities they added are certainly not material at the AR line.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, maybe to answer your question just slightly more broadly, Robert, there's really 3 things that drive our tax rate. One is the mix of business which didn't -- international versus U.S. didn't really surprise us and, frankly, it's pretty similar next year. Two is tax law is always changing, the R&E credit's going away, for example, again, which is one of the things driving our tax rate up a little bit next year. And third, they're always truing up to actual tax returns, settling -- small settlements with states and foreign governments, and sometimes those are positives and sometimes they're negative, and they're pretty hard to predict. So we had a couple of positives in the March quarter that we really didn't have that much visibility too, until the March quarter. While we knew the disputes were out there, you never really know when and exactly how you're going to settle them until you get there.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: I would literally, Ricky, just go back and look at the FY '12 June quarter EPS and divide it by $6.38 and that's kind of the ballpark we're in here.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, I guess I'm not sure we're giving operating margin guidance, Ricky, by quarter. I'd really just focus on the EPS and the drivers of the performance are going to vary each quarter as generics go in and out, as price increases, timing, various tax varies -- that's just the level of granularity we don't give guidance on. We feel very comfortable with the guidance for the full year of Distribution Solutions operating margin rate being up in the mid to high single digits.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, on the price trends, to be very clear here, everybody measures price trends for both brand and generic a little differently. What we've stated in our guidance is that by whatever measurement you want to use, we're assuming that our fiscal year '13 looks similar to fiscal year '12, not better, but not worse, either. So you, we have our own metrics we use internally, but you can almost use whichever ones you want.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Short answer is no. That line jumps around -- it was just due to timing differences from year-to-year. If you look at next year's plan, for example, our plan actually shows for the year the number flattish, so I wouldn't read anything into that quarterly trend. It's really just timing.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, let me -- I'll just quickly do the break out. So what we've said, George, is when you look at our Technology segment, which is by far the broadest collection of technology businesses in health care, you've got at this point under half the profits that come from the hospital-facing portion of that business. And you've got 2 other big chunks of that business, one is the relay connectivity business which is a very, very steady transaction processing based business and then the third component is the payer-facing business, really built around 2 tremendous product lines and franchises in InterQual, and our claims extend network.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Yes, I think we were surprised by the strength of the warehouse sales, and pleasantly surprised. And that's part of why the -- for the year the operating margin in Distribution Solutions might have been a basis point or so below where we thought, mainly because revenues were higher.
