Brian Tyler: Sure. Let me start and Britt can add any color. I mean, we're very pleased with the results from our core Pharmaceutical business. I think, we see that kind of step back from COVID impacts, we'd say market fundamentals are consistent with where we thought they would be in the beginning of the year, brand price inflation in line with the dynamics that we see in the generics marketplace, both in terms of our go-to-market strategies and our sourcing capabilities are - we're pleased to see where they're at. I mean, we are continuing to invest in this segment. And that investment in particularly in the area of Oncology, comes at the expense of a little bit of what could be operating profit growth, but we think that that's a very important investment to make for the long-term positioning and the long-term growth of the segment. So I think in general, everybody recognizes the cold and cough and flu season was a little bit lighter than what we would historically have seen. Probably the result of the social responsibility, social distancing, mask wearing measures. But overall, we're very pleased with the progress of this segment.
Brian Tyler: Yeah, let me - and to the second point, Lisa, a lot of people have offered their help and support of the vaccine distribution program, and we appreciate everyone's desire to help facilitate the nation getting itself vaccinated. In our view, we think the centralized distribution model that we have is the safest and the fastest way to get these COVID vaccines into the arms of people. We have built capacity to ramp-up to provide hundreds of millions of doses. And we think it's the fastest, safest way. And by that, I mean it's the least time from the time an order is delivered to that vaccine arriving at a provider site. It's the least handoffs and handling and chances for temperature excursions or lost product or damaged product. So in essence, it's going to allow us to get the very - the maximum amount of doses out of what is produced and available from the manufacturers in the fastest time. Now to the extent we can find ways to be faster, we're open for any idea. Make no mistake, our goal is to get this product to into patients' arms as quickly as we can so that we can get this country vaccinated and back to a more normal environment.
Brian Tyler: Yeah. Eric, thank you for the question. Obviously, as we think about the kitting opportunity, we produce kits in advance of the vaccine. So we talked about that on our Q2 call. I think it's a little early to tell how far this will actually play out. We would expect that some kitting would continue on beyond our fiscal year. But it's hard to say at this point, how to value that. So we feel good about increasing the guidance range for the kits that we expect to produce this year. I think that you could expect to see some kitting into next year. I guess it will all really depend on the distribution schedule that we get from the CDC and what the volumes are this year.
Brian Tyler: Yeah. Good morning. Thanks for the question. Let me take the first one quickly. The $0.20 to $0.30 is not incremental, it's $0.20 to $0.30 from $0.15 to $0.20. So we did increase it from the last by that $0.05 to $0.10. In terms of the International question, the NHS funding that you referenced here was fairly immaterial to our quarter.
Brian Tyler: Eric, thank you for the question. I would say it's really both things. I mean, I think the PPE demand has remained elevated and strong. That's certainly contributing. And there's no question that as COVID test kits emerged on the scene - or remember, when we provided our guide at the beginning of this year, there wasn't such a thing as a COVID test. So as the scientific community, the lab community began to develop these tests, whether molecular, antigen, antibody, because of our existing business in the lab, we were really well positioned to help get those to market quickly and swiftly. And we have certainly benefited from the strong demand for COVID test kits.
Brian Tyler: Yeah. I'll just start with the guide for the vaccine. It is tied to the schedule that the CDC has provided us, which would be largely consistent with what you read in the public statements.
Brian Tyler: Thanks, Glen. Well, you mentioned a couple of things that I'll come back to in my answer. One is we are very focused on maintaining our investment grade credit rating. We think we have a business that generates good cash flow. We have a strong balance sheet. We've had time to contemplate this. So I think, philosophically, our approach to capital deployment will not change, it will be a balance. We look to make internal investments that we think support growth in the business. We look to make growth investments in M&A where we can find targets that are aligned to our strategy and offer a financial return that makes sense vis-à-vis other ways we can deploy capital like buying back shares or paying a dividend. So I don't think our philosophy changes at all. And I think we feel very comfortable that we have a strong balance sheet.
Brian Tyler: Yeah. Look, our international countries and companies are engaged with local governments to - you know, either through our distribution capabilities, our retail pharmacy capabilities, to help the response of those countries to the pandemic. I would say, as a general characterization or probably from a time line trailing the US a little bit, but we are heavily involved in those discussions, but nothing that would be material to our financials at this point.
Brian Tyler: Okay. Thank you, everyone, for your questions, and thank you Susan, for facilitating this call. I want to conclude my remarks today by once again recognizing and thanking all the frontline health care workers across the world who are working day in and day out to keep us safe and also acknowledge the great work from our biopharma scientific community to have us at this helpful moment as it relates to vaccinations. Our company's top priority is the vaccination program. And we look forward to continuing to work with the US government to successfully distribute COVID-19 vaccines and stand ready to support the distribution of additional vaccines, as they come to market. I want to thank the entire McKesson team for their continued commitment and hard work during this challenging time. We wish you all and your families' good health and wellness. Thanks again for joining us today.
Britt Vitalone: Yeah. Mike, maybe what I would just add is I think part of trends that we talked about, the softening trends in Q3, really, I think is going into Q4 a lot of that will depend on how the pandemic continues to persist, but despite that, we continue to grow in the quarter. So our business, despite the kind of lumpiness in the overall environment continues to grow, and we feel confident in that growth. As Brian mentioned, it continued to invest. And as I talked about, we invested about 2% of headwind year-over-year in Ontada. So I think as this continues to persist, as our vaccine distribution begins to take hold, we feel comfortable that the business is stable and is showing good - the fundamentals of it are strong, and the growth is still there. And again, that allows us to continue to make investments for further growth going forward.
Britt Vitalone: Good morning, Lisa. Thank you for that question. Let me start, and I think Brian will probably want to tackle on your - some of your later questions. Just to clarify. What Brian talked about in his remarks was $25 million of doses through January, 25 million doses through January. And as I talked about the amount that was in our quarter was immaterial to our results. We don't get into a per dose conversation. What we have guided here is based on the distribution volumes that we've been provided by the CDC, and we expect that that will deliver $0.25 to $0.35 of contribution in our fourth quarter.
Britt Vitalone: Our - the guidance we provided ties to the schedule we have been provided by the CDC and just like every other major customer we have, we don't comment on their plans and business strategies. So we are not able to talk about that, but the guidance we provide it ties to the schedule we've been provided by the CDC.
Britt Vitalone: Yeah. Good morning. Thank you for that question. You're right, our core business was continue - did continue to be very solid into the quarter. And I tried to call out a little bit for you in my remarks, what our growth was excluding COVID tests and PPE. So that gives you some sense that we did continue to see solid momentum into our quarter. I talked about a few of the items and certainly, Brian can elaborate on as well. But if you think about our business, it is across all settings of alternate site. And as we've talked about in prior calls, our product breadth is very large, private brand, labs solutions, certainly the depth of capabilities that we have in extended care, patient home delivery, it's a very broad set of solutions capabilities and customer set that we address, and we've seen that really continue to grow in a very stable way over the last several quarters now.
Britt Vitalone: And Eric, maybe I'll just add on. I did try to call out in my comments here that, while this has been elevated, and we've seen sort of an uneven supply and demand throughout the year, we do expect that this will moderate. Now we expect the elevated demands to remain through our fiscal year, but we do expect at some point in FY '22, these elevated levels of demand will moderate.
Britt Vitalone: And I'll take the CapEx one. We did increase our guide on CapEx. Part of that is to support the vaccine and kitting programs. But a larger part of that is really continuing to invest in our strategies, technology, data and analytics to support those strategies. So I would say that a portion of that is to support the infrastructure, but a larger portion of that is really to support ongoing growth initiatives.
Britt Vitalone: Yeah. Thank you for the question, Rivka. I mean, I really start with what I think are some strengths and some tailwinds in the business, and we've talked about these really over the last several quarters now. We've had good momentum for several quarters now where we're seeing organic growth, and Q3 is a good example of that where each of our operating segments grew over the prior year. We would expect that our - the fundamentals of our business will continue to be solid and sound. And we're starting to see some benefits from the investments, some of the investments that we're making. Brian talked about AMP. And clearly, we've talked about the investments we're making in Ontada. So the strategies and the investments in Oncology and Biopharma Services, I would expect will continue to be strengths of ours. Obviously, the breadth of our Medical business, as we talked about earlier, the breadth of our customers, the breadth of services and capabilities across private brand and lab will continue to be strong for us. So I think as you look across our operating segments, we have a lot of good momentum and strength. We have a very strong balance sheet. As Brian just mentioned, we've seen consistent cash flow. From a headwinds perspective, I think it will really be how long does the pandemic persist and the unevenness and unpredictability of that. I think that will be the thing that we will be challenged with. But as you've seen from our results this year, we've been able to manage through that quite well and take down some near-term opportunities at the same time.
Britt Vitalone: I'll start. Great question. Let me just clarify, for the kitting component of this, the $0.20 to $0.30 is not incremental to last quarter. It's $0.20 to $0.30 from $0.15 to $0.20. What we've talked about here, both for the vaccine contribution and the kitting and supply contribution are US contributions. And I'll let Brian maybe talk a little bit about our international.
