Britt Vitalone: Thanks for the question, Eric. I think what. As we look at the business, we've already previously indicated that we thought we could grow the business faster than the originally indicated long-term guidance into a number of factors that are a part of that. First of all, we've seen strong utilization. I think that, as a baseline, we've seen that actually increase throughout the year and we expect that utilization will remain solid going forward. We've built a lot of momentum across our health systems business, our retail pharmacy network and the value that we're providing there. And we've been growing our oncology platform. You heard Brian and I both referenced the number of providers that we've added. Certainly, if you think about the value that we provide, not only as a distributor, but GPO services and now the added capabilities with Ontada and Sarah Cannon Research and the opportunities going forward as it relates to biosimilars, all of these things really point to the opportunities for us to grow faster in the future than the original long-term target rate. And the business continues to generate good cash and efficiency through a scaled operation. So I think all of those things and the momentum that we've showed now over a number of years, leading us to have some confidence in a higher growth target.
Britt Vitalone: Yes, Brian, thanks for that question. I think what we've done here is we've updated the segments. There really is no change to the range that we provided for adjusted EPS. So one of the comments that I made, as we think about capital deployment, we're going to continue to focus on growing the business, whether that be organically and the investments that we make in it or more as we go forward more on M&A. You saw us do a couple of really key M&A transactions last year that were right on strategy. And as you know, it generally takes a few years to get the full synergies from that M&A. We expect that we'll continue to do M&A on strategy at the right multiples and that even with the increase in the operating segment guidance that overall that the overall EPS guidance would still be within the range. There's opportunities obviously for us, if we're able to generate some more capital deployment and we're able to get some acquisitions here that we can realize the synergies in an earlier manner for us to be at the upper end of the range that we provided you, but really no change to the overall range in this update.
Britt Vitalone: Maybe I'll just answer the one mechanical question as it relates to Norway. We do have Norway included in our full year FY'24. Just to repeat, though, we continue to strategically look for an opportunity to exit the European operations completely, which would be Norway, but you should anticipate that there's a full year of Norway in our numbers.
Britt Vitalone: So thanks for the question. Let me maybe answer these in reverse order. What we've done here is provide you our FY'24 outlook. And at the same time, looking back at our performance over the previous five years, updating our guidance going forward from fiscal '24 forward as a long-term rate. As we look at the margins year-over-year, I think, there's a few things that will impact us. Clearly, the mix of both products and services that we provide with a heavier and faster-growing specialty product portfolio as well as the mix of customers and continue to see growth -- faster growth in our largest customers. And then the last thing I would say is we are very proud of the oncology business that we're putting together, including our Ontada business and Sarah Cannon Research, and we're continuing to invest in those capabilities and services to support a lot of what Brian just talked about in terms of how we really think about the growth opportunities that we have going forward. So I think those would be the couple of things that I would point out that could lead to margin variation from one year to another.
Britt Vitalone: Yes. Mechanically, clearly, we feel like we're well positioned to manage through any impacts that come from 340B. Any impacts that will come from that are assumed within our guidance. There's nothing additional to call out.
Britt Vitalone: Thanks for the question. So as I talked about a little bit in my remarks, maybe I'll expand on that. We have a very scaled generics operation. We start with a very scaled and efficient sourcing program that we've been running now for a number of years, and we have some great partners. And we have great partnerships with generic manufacturers, very diverse and very broad set of partners. That helps us manage through any supply shocks that may happen and those are -- those happen every year. We're able to manage through that. For as long as I've been in this business, you will see -- from time to time, you will see a generic shortage or a generic impact to supply. We've been able to manage through that very well given the strength and the breadth of partnerships that we have. I also talked about the fact that the marketplace has very stable fundamentals. So when you think about our -- the focus that we have on a scaled and efficient sourcing program, stable set of market fundamentals, which, again, are very competitive environment, but a stable environment and our focus that we have on the sell side with our customers, and we've been able to manage very effectively through this. Our focus is to provide low cost, high availability of supply to our customers. That is really the bedrock of the success that we have with our generics program. I think we've been able to do that quite well for a number of years.
Britt Vitalone: Sure. Thanks for the question. So as I talked about, we enacted a set of initiatives, and we recorded a charge for restructuring that was primarily in our US pharmaceutical and prescription technology business. We expect that those initiatives and activities will be complete by the end of fiscal 2024. So I think that would answer your question on that. And from a biosimilars perspective, we continue to believe that there's great opportunity here as we continue to add providers to the network that provides more opportunity for us. And we think we're very well positioned and we've certainly embedded the opportunity within the guidance that we provided you today.
Britt Vitalone: And I guess I would just remind you, again, these are long-term target rates that we expect that we'll be able to achieve. And as this business is broad and diverse, and we have it as a strategic focus point, we're going to continue to invest in this business from year-to-year that may vary. But over the long-term, we feel comfortable with the updated guidance that we've given you, but it's a business that we're going to continue to make investments and to grow it and to support our customers.
Brian Tyler: Thanks, Michael. I'll take that one and give Britt a minute of relief. So our medical business is incredibly diverse. I mean, across, it really shows up in all of the alternate sites or everywhere that's not a hospital setting to be truthful. And even amongst hospitals, we tend to serve all of their communities, not all, but we do serve their community-based locations. And then it's also diverse from a sense of multiple product lines, not just commodity medical products, it's equipment, it's lab, it's pharmaceutical, it's specialty pharmaceutical. When we look at utilization broadly across the industry, we've been pleased to see it come back. We've seen prescriptions come back, oncology visits come back. Medical has probably recovered a bit over the course of the last year, but we are encouraged by recent commentary and staff on the recovery and ambulatory surgery centers, for example. So I think there's a big utilization that we think continues to underlie this business. There's the diversity of the products and the new segments that we can penetrate. There's opportunities for us. We continue to believe in our private brand portfolio. So I'd say it's the confluence of all those things that give us the confidence.
Brian Tyler: No. I think that's well done. I mean, obviously, it's hard to go anywhere these days without talking about GLP-1s. And I would just characterize it generally, I think their growth will be positive for us and have a big impact on, hopefully, patients and the health of the country.
Brian Tyler: Yes, let me jump in on this one, Britt. So we call it an oncology ecosystem because we really think there is this value of all of the pieces together, and I'm really pleased with the progress that we're making overall. You've seen the growth that both Britt and I talked about in the U.S. Oncology Network now scaled to over 2,300 providers. We've made tremendous progress, had a record year of adding providers to the network last year, and that's a piece. And that, as that grows, that obviously feeds more data, gives us more provider insight. That allows Ontada to continue to work with our partners to create products and services that help them develop, commercialize and get their products to market and understand how to most effectively go to market to have the utilization and patient impact that they want. We think that Ontada is in year three or four of its development, building off some assets that we had long had, but we continue to invest in new product development. And we continue to see that business improve year-over-year. We think the partnership with the joint venture we did for the Sarah Cannon Research Institute, who brings additional insights, moves us up stage into clinical trials in a very prominent way in the community setting. So again we think that trial early insight business, that helps feed Ontada. That helps our providers navigate the clinical care that they have to provide every day. The insights we get from that clinical care can feed back through some of our data assets to provide information back to the biopharma. So each of the pieces is sort of additive to the overall solution. And I'd just say that while we're probably, I would characterize that it's still an investment phase in Ontada because we still believe there's opportunity and a big long-term market out there and lots of space for us to be innovating in with the unique assets we have. Overall, I think it was a -- very pleased with where our oncology business has developed.
Brian Tyler: Well, we don't really break out Norway and Canada and talk about them separately. But what I will say about our Canadian business is we have, again, a very diversified set of assets in Canada. We have a leading distribution position. We have a leading retail banner position. We've got a leading chain pharmacy position there. We've got biopharma and specialty assets. Now those work very differently than the ones that work in the US, but really in many ways, getting at kind of the same overall need just in a very different health care system. And so on the basis of our scale and our breadth, we are a really important player in the health of Canada. And I think we've been able to leverage that scale. We're able to find efficiencies across the business to continue to support growth that we're very pleased with.
Brian Tyler: Thanks, George. Thanks for the question. So we've been at this for a long time. I think we acquired US. Oncology in 2010, so it's been a long time. We've got a lot of experience. And if you think about the breadth of our solutions in the community oncology space, I mean, we start with -- you can start your relationship with McKesson with just basic distribution. Then you can add on distribution and our GPO services. And then we have a la carte services to support you in the running of your practice. And that gives us great relationships, great insight into the practices that are out there in the community and helps us really identify who we consider to be the leaders, businesses that are run with similar clinical and operational philosophies to the US Oncology Network. So it's not uncommon to see a start with just a very transactional relationship, but then over time, grow that into inclusion in the US Oncology Network. We have a very disciplined model for the types of practices that we think fit the USAN model. And I think over the last couple of years, you've seen us pretty successfully attract them into the US Oncology Network.
Brian Tyler: Yes. What we know is in, obviously, 40 approvals, 27 launched. A big event this year will be Humira, which is going to be a Part D product, not Part B. We have many more services to offer and assets to leverage and use in the Part B arena. So we will track kind of payer response and pricing strategies and patient adoption over the course of this year. But what we know is baked into the guidance, we've provided.
Brian Tyler: Well, I mean, if you think about this business, I mean, first off, we've had really strong growth the last several years. We actually combine and form this business a couple of years ago, just a couple of years ago by bringing various businesses and assets across the company together. And as those things continue to come together, we continue to look at our resources, our product offerings. We have conversations with manufacturers about their life cycle and service needs across that life cycle. And we just felt like, as we evaluated investments we had been making and where we thought investment opportunities were for the future, it just made sense for efficiency and focus purposes to make sure we align those to where our best possibilities are. When you make those realignments, the skill set is not always the same, what you're moving from to what you're moving to. And so unfortunately, that did impact some of our teammates. This is our job. This is one of our strategy, to simplify the portfolio and be focused on efficiency and positioning the business for long-term growth. So we feel very good about the performance this past fiscal year and feel good about the targets we have set for fiscal '24.
Brian Tyler: Okay. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us this afternoon or evening, depending on where you are. I appreciate all the thoughtful questions, your support and interest in McKesson. Thank you, Rachel for facilitating this call. I want to conclude by just stating McKesson had a strong fourth quarter and full year results. I am really pleased with the continued momentum in the business. Britt and I remain confident in our ability to deliver sustainable long-term growth. I want to end though, with a note of acknowledgment to the McKesson employees. It's really thanks to their dedication and their commitment to our customers, our partners and to each other that enable us to truly improve care in every setting, one product, one partner, and one patient at a time. Thank you, Team McKesson. Everyone else thanks again for joining. Have a terrific evening.
