Brian Tyler: Thanks, Eric for that question. As I talked about in my remarks, we do anticipate that the Austrian transaction, the German transaction, which have already closed, we anticipate that the U.K. transaction will also close in the fourth quarter. So consistent with our comments, we do intend to offset the dilution. And that is one of the reasons why we intended to do some fourth quarter share repurchases, we will continue to apply the principles of our share repurchase activity and certainly we'll look at cash that is in excess of what we need to operate the business as well as other opportunities that we have to deploy that capital, whether that be additional share repurchases for our shareholders, or if we have M&A transactions. So certainly we told you, we would offset the dilution. We're closing transactions now and anticipate more in the fourth quarter. And so that was one of the reasons why we wanted to begin the share repurchase activity, in addition to being very consistent with our share repurchase principles.
Brian Tyler: We will stay on top of the market, we'll be responsive to it, we got a lot of confidence in our team's ability to adjust. And we actually think we've got an asset in terms of the company culture, our purpose, our mission, the investments we make in our teams, we think this is a great place to work and we'll continue to find ways to attract the best talent.
Brian Tyler: Thank you for the question. I think you addressed it to Britt, but I'll jump in and start with my thoughts. I mean, so this we think we're extremely well positioned in this marketplace. And one of the things when we're anchoring our growth strategies, we try to anchor around is making sure we have differentiation that we have things that are difficult to replicate. And the reason we brought these businesses together as a segment is because we think individually, they all had their strengths and we're winning in their market, but collectively together accessing the reach of our networks, utilizing the advanced technologies, we have in CoverMyMeds and then the clinical expertise and the biopharma relationships, we had in RxCrossroads, they kind of reinforce and compound each other. And so we think about the access as distinct market, adherence is a distinct market, outcomes is a distinct market, but by putting these together, it allows us to really more effectively compete across all of those some of that is reinventing a better solution for a market that exists. That's sort of what we did with AMP, we brought in infusion of technology to really redesign and greatly enhance the value we deliver to manufacturers, giving us what we think is a significant competitive advantage. We'll continue to do those kinds of innovations as we grow into it. I mean, it is a pretty fragmented landscape. There are some competitors names you know, there's frankly lots of little ones. This is an area that we would like to use the strength of our balance sheet to be acquisitive, to be additive to that ecosystem through additional capability or additional scale. As long as we find that strategically aligned asset and it can meet our financial hurdles and stand up well to other means, we have to deploy capital, we'll certainly look to execute on that.
Brian Tyler: Let me take those in two pieces. We're pleased with another quarter of strong operating performance and obviously saw growth across each of our segments. So as we look at the outlook for the remainder of the year, we expected the momentum in our business is going to continue. And we haven't provided any guidance as it relates to FY '23 but in our Investor Day, we did provide long-term targets where we suggested and felt very confident that we'll continue to see growth in each of those segments for the long-term. So we feel very good about the performance that we're seeing in our business and consistent with our Investor Day, we expect that to continue. So I think that is really the point that you should see just continued strong performance for several years now across all of our segments with the fundamentals of our businesses are strong, we're investing in these businesses for future growth. And we're in markets that we think are going to continue to grow and we're in very good positions to take advantage of that with some differentiated capabilities.
Brian Tyler: Ricky relative to I guess it's called the future of testing. That's a little bit, I think difficult to forecast. And a lot of it will depend on the science, the development, a lot of it will depend on the current testing hold up to current and future potential variants. What will be the mix between, in a medical setting versus over the counter that those become more reliable. I think there's a lot of questions that still have to resolve themselves there. What I would say though is, regardless of how that evolves, we think McKesson is in an excellent position to capitalize on that. We are currently the largest distributor, we distribute more flu vaccine than anyone. We have a great franchise in the physician alternate site setting. We distribute to pharmacies, because of our presence in the communities in both our medical and pharmaceutical business, our relationships with the labs, and I think the real credibility we've built up over the last couple of years, I think we're extremely well positioned to capture that opportunity, however it unfolds.
Brian Tyler: Great. Well, thanks again, everyone for joining us on this call. And thank you for the insightful and very thoughtful questions. Keith, thank you for help facilitating the call. I wanted to just conclude by reiterating McKesson executed really well in the third quarter with double-digit adjusted operating profit growth in all segments. I continue to be excited about the focus on our company priorities and the contributions we can see that making the strong financial results. It's really the driver between - the driver of our shareholder value creation. So none of that happens without the team that makes up McKesson. And so, to everyone, in McKesson, no matter what your role, no matter what geography you work in, whether you're on the frontline or elsewhere in the business. I'm so appreciate of their hard work, their dedication to our purpose and our mission. Their commitment to our customers. They really are what makes this a special place. So thanks to them. Again thank you everyone, I hope you have a terrific evening. Be safe and stay healthy.
Britt Vitalone: Lisa, thanks for that question. Maybe I'll just step back for a minute and just address labor and inflation separately, and maybe I'll just start with inflation. Our business model has a normal component that's built into it that relates to pricing, you have a model like we do that's founded on both supply and service stability and consistency, that solves problems, but in a better way for customers and patients, we are able to incorporate some of these higher input costs, through pricing. Our organization, as Brian has talked about continues to do really a tremendous job in productivity efforts. And those productivity efforts enable us to offset some of this cost. And then of course, there is a pricing component. Just finally, we have an organization of really smart people that are continuously working to find better solutions, greater efficiencies, in leveraging the scale and broad expertise that we have to provide quality and reliability that our customers have come to expect from McKesson. So that's maybe just answering some of the questions on the inflation front. In the labor front, Brian's talked about talent being one of our key components of our strategy, and will remain that and of course, this is a very challenging market. We're seeing pressures in the labor market. And so we've talked about the fact that we expect some of these labor pressures to find their way into operating expenses in the second half of the year $0.10 to $0.20. We've not guided beyond FY '22, we'll obviously assess if we think that those costs are going to be sustained in any way at this point, we just see a $0.10 to $0.20 impact in our U.S. distribution businesses in the second half, what we've seen so far in the third quarter, it's tracking right in line with that.
Britt Vitalone: Mike, thanks for the question. Maybe I'll start, and then I'll let Brian jump in here. Again, I - as we think about it, and some of the things that I mentioned here. We do expect a full recovery of prescription transaction volumes. And we're certainly pleased that transaction volumes have continued to increase throughout the year, it has not been in a straight line. But we do expect that full recovery to continue. We're very well positioned in the specialty clinic space, as well as on oncology, making investments in those areas that we think are going to continue to pay off over the long-term. And biosimilars is one of those areas that given our position, particularly in oncology. We believe that it's going to be a growth driver for us over the long-term. We're pleased with the development of biosimilars to this point, we think that they offer a better returns than branded and specialty products, not at the same level as generics from a margin perspective. But still, were we believe and were optimistic that they're going to continue to add value to the segment over time. So the position that we have, the strength that we have across segments, but particularly our differentiated capabilities in oncology. Your positions is very well for further growth.
Britt Vitalone: Thanks for the question, Brian. Maybe I'll just start just to remind you, since fiscal '19, this business has grown at 10% from an adjusted operating profit perspective. On the core basis outside of COVID programs. So we've seen strong growth in this business now for a number of years. It's one of our higher margin segments. We have very strong positions across the primary care segment of the business. And across all alternate sites, your extended care business has grown nicely over time as well. We've added a lot of capabilities and investment over time, whether that be acquisitions to position us well in lab. We've seen private brand be an important component. And we've seen growth in Rx as well. So we've got a lot of capabilities across the entire alternate site. We've invested in these capabilities over time. It's positioned us well, not only from a core perspective, but certainly now as COVID has taken on. We've been in really good position to handle the kitting and the storage programs as well.
Britt Vitalone: Ricky, let me take the first one. And then I'll let Brian come on the second. Just because more mechanical question. As I mentioned in my comments, we do expect to offset any dilution from the European divestitures through capital deployment. And that could be share repurchase activity like we're doing in the fourth quarter. So just to reaffirm that we will be - we do plan on offsetting that dilution.
Britt Vitalone: Yes. Thanks, Steve, that's a good question. I'm happy to answer that. And I'm happy to clarify. When I speak of normal, what I mean by that is in any year, we typically see about a third of our U.S. pharmaceutical book renewal. As we have seen over the last few years, there has been no material impacts to that. And certainly, we've been able to renew all of our customers successfully within our guidance. And I would not anticipate that we would see anything material from our - next year. It's early, obviously, if there's an update to that information will provide it on our May earnings call. But normal, what I was referring to is that about a third of our book renews every year would not anticipate anything that would be a material driver from that activity.
