James A. Beer: Certainly, as we've mentioned, we did see generic price increase activity below the levels of the last fiscal year and below our original expectations. Now, that said, obviously our guide that we issued a few months back has a variety of variables that are key to it, and we list those out for you. So the width of the range allows us some flexibility to take into account variables of one driver that's up versus another driver down. So we're comfortable with the range that we've articulated this afternoon. That reflects the addition of the care management nurse triage gain. And of course we'll keep everyone updated as we proceed through the fiscal year.
James A. Beer: The operating expense line, really the focus ongoing right across the company, as John is referring to there, including Technology Solutions, and part of the business we've really been able to build our margins quite nicely. So directionally in line with what we were expecting, but we're certainly very pleased by the ongoing progress around our cost structure and our productivity.
James A. Beer: Just based on our expected normal regulatory review process, we're expecting the transaction to close toward the end of February of this coming year, so I wouldn't expect it to have any material impact on fiscal 2016.
James A. Beer: Really I would point you to two comments that we made during our prepared remarks. First of all, very strong growth from our largest customers and therefore an impact on the mix and the margin, the gross profit margin profile. So that's number one; and then secondarily, the lesser effect around generic price increases than we were originally expecting in our plan.
James A. Beer: Just perhaps to add one thing, recall that around a fifth of our relationships with the branded manufacturers are variable in nature, so the other 80% are a fixed fee-for-service type of structure.
James A. Beer: As we track towards that high-teens goal for fiscal 2016, I would say that right now we're looking at an increase in operating profit year over year, and that's excluding the $51 million benefit from the gain around the nurse triage business. So we're on track for some operating profit growth this year.
James A. Beer: We feel as though we have a very nice mix in terms of our cash balance between what's domestically and what's held offshore. And we have spoken a few times about – obviously, yes, we have the upcoming debt maturities to take care of. Those are U.S. dollar denominated. But beyond that, our priorities for capital allocation are, first of all, internal investment and, second, looking at value creating M&A opportunities. And given the international breadth of our business now, we feel as though we have a nice balance in terms of the flexibility of the offshore cash that we have available for deployment as well as the domestic cash available for deployment. So we'll see how the tax discussions in Washington DC play out, but we already like the balance of cash that we have available to us, so we feel as though we have the degrees of freedom that we need.
James A. Beer: I would just observe that we saw fewer manufacturers taking increases on fewer drugs. So both of those variables we saw less activity than we had certainly seen last year during our first quarter and less than what we were assuming we would see when we put our plans together.
James A. Beer: I'd say the revenue was really right on track on a constant currency basis with what we were expecting during the first year. We continued to see strong performance out of the United Kingdom businesses. And we're seeing some modest improvements in the German environment, where obviously we've had something of a history of market discounting. We're seeing a little improvement in that discounting environment in Germany. Offsetting that, the French market is still looking like a challenging one. But net-net, we're pleased with the progress that we made at Celesio in Q1, and we feel as though we have more opportunities for the balance of the year.
John H. Hammergren: I think we've had good success in growing our business across the board. And I think the interesting part of the base of business that we have in our mix is that we have some customers that are growing we think more rapidly than the market. And that growth is clearly seen in our business. That comes with it better revenue growth, but it does put a little pressure on our mix as a result of the scale of those customers. We're certainly pleased with the performance in the quarter and we expect that revenue momentum to continue throughout the fiscal year.
John H. Hammergren: Thanks for the question, Steve. I think the comps are clearly one of the challenges when we think about the strength of the price increases in the prior year. I think that although we have close working relationships with the generic manufacturers, they don't always share with us their plans related to price increases. Clearly their view of product launches, their merger and acquisition activity, there are lots of things moving around in the market that may also be distracting them from some the things that they may be doing on a short-term basis or could have done on a short-term basis. I think our view is that we believe that generic pricing power will remain a part of the strategy generic companies will employ. And that balanced with the scheduled generic launches, et cetera, are part of the things that drive their P&Ls. I would say following on to what James said earlier, there are lots of variables in the way our quarters flow. And one of the positive things in the quarter was the fact that our brand price inflation work was a little stronger than we'd seen on a compare basis. So there are always puts and takes as you move along. And I think the most important thing is that we continue to find ways to move the business. And we're obviously also very pleased with the performance of our Specialty business and Celesio had a very good quarter. So both Specialty and Celesio performed above what we would have expected, even though our generic price part of our business may have been a little bit behind.
John H. Hammergren: Clearly I think the Specialty business is more inclined to go through the larger customer, particularly in the PBM channel. We obviously have seen some market shifts in PBMs as well. And I would imagine on the edge, our larger customers are taking some incremental share in the market. But I would say that at least the base of independents that McKesson is involved and closely working with, we've seen good strength in that business, both in the growth of Health Mart stores but also in terms of their revenue growth. So I think the most important thing for us to do is to continue to focus on bringing our scale and our capabilities to the smaller customers to help them continue to level the playing field relative to the larger customers. And on the larger customer side, we have to find ways to add more value so that our margin impact isn't as negative as it can be when the mix changes.
John H. Hammergren: We are very focused on, as you know, Eric, in being efficient and productive in our operations. I think we have over 3,000 – closer to 6,000 black belts if you include Celesio around the world. And those folks are designed to help us drive efficiency in our operations. I also think it's important for to us maintain discipline around pricing. Albeit the mix thing is hard for to us control, our pricing decisions are within our control and we have to stay disciplined on that. James, there might be color you want to add on expenses. I think our interest expense was down a little bit.
John H. Hammergren: We expected our Specialty business to grow above market levels. And I think not only did it grow above market levels, it grew more than we had expected. And I think our strength in particular in our community-based oncology business was very strong. Clearly, U.S. oncology continues to perform well. Albeit off of a slightly smaller base, our multi-specialty business is growing very rapidly as we create value-differentiating capabilities in that market.
John H. Hammergren: It's obviously a very important strategic move for us. It significantly expands the presence of Lloyd's Pharmacies in the UK, and it's an endorsement of the strength of the Lloyd's brand and operating model. I think that's an important aspect to what this win signifies to our team and to the markets. James, you might want to comment on the timing and margin impact.
John H. Hammergren: Thanks for the question. What's great about the business model that McKesson has been employing for a long time is that it has a lot of levers that we can use to help drive our performance over time. And as you point out, if you go way back to the early stages of my presence as the CEO, brand price inflation was the key driver that helped us drive our company. And over time, that became less important as a factor, but it always remained a factor. And so I think our comments today are more directional in nature related to our expectations brand price inflation came in higher than we anticipated. And as you point out, as we moved our model, we eliminated part of the variability or impact that branded price inflation has on our business model. And also as you recall, at one point in our evolution, generic price deflation was something we had to manage quarter to quarter, and now we've been in a period where we've actually experienced some inflation. So our comments there, once again, are directional in nature that it came below where we had anticipated. But we believe both brand and generic price inflation will remain important tools for us as we look out this fiscal year and beyond.
John H. Hammergren: I think the point on margin is a good one. We clearly didn't anticipate our revenues to be growing as rapidly as they have. And that has, as James mentioned, had a depressing effect on op margin. But if you actually look at operating profit growth, it's still very strong. And our objective is to satisfy the needs of our customers. And as you know, we have long-term contracts with many of them. So as they grow, the bigger ones will put some pressure on the mix. But the most important dimension here is I think our focus on making sure that we are driving efficiency in our operations as revenue grows, and that was pointed out earlier from an expense perspective. And we're disciplined in the way we approach the market. The comment about Specialty is an important one. That's a very high-growth area. Each company I think in the country probably defines specialty slightly differently, so it's difficult to talk to any one of us and get a perspective that's really industry-wide. From our point of view, there are some very profitable, positive mix products in the Specialty category, but there are also some products in the Specialty category that are really expensive and carry a margin rate that's low but produce tremendous returns and profit drop in the P&L. Albeit it may be dilutive to our margin expectations, they're certainly producing great returns. And I think that we have a responsibility to try to manage the company with both a perspective on margin rate as well as dollar growth and clearly at the bottom line the returns on our business. So we look at it in a portfolio way. If there's one message you can take away from me on the Specialty business, it has been a priority for us now for many years. We came from a very weak position to now we are in a very strong position, and I'm very pleased with where we are in that market. And as we define it, I think in most of them we're either number one or number two and growing very rapidly. So we are well positioned as we think out and look at the new product launches. Those launches, given the characteristics of some of them, could put some pressure on our margin rates. But clearly, we think that they'll be value-creating, and we're in the right position to take advantage of the relationships we have with our customers in the markets that we serve.
John H. Hammergren: Clearly, we are excited to have the business from a fundamental perspective beginning to stabilize and become more of a McKesson type of operation. We've always had a great view, a positive view of the resources and the people inside of Celesio. But as we talked about when we did the acquisition, there was some infrastructure and systems things we had to do and some strategy changes we had to make that would help us begin to get to a growth phase. I think we're entering the early stage of that growth phase. The deployment of capital we talked about as a possibility. You're beginning to see evidence of that. This type of acquisition fits right in with what we want to do. It's in a market that's extremely friendly to the utilization of generics and the incentives for both wholesalers and retailers to help their patients take generics. And so when we have an opportunity to expand our channel of generics in an important market like the UK, it drives synergy across the entire corporation through our global procurement operations that we talked about. So I think not only is it helpful to Celesio as a standalone opportunity and to LloydsPharmacy in particular, it's also helpful to McKesson overall as it builds on this 12,000 storefront base of business that we have out of the some odd 60,000 or 70,000 stores that we service, in the case of the 12,000 that are owned or banners of ours that buy off our portfolios. So it's important to recognize that pull-through buy power and the part of our strategy that this helps serve.
John H. Hammergren: I appreciate the question, Ross. We have been, as you know, working diligently for the last several years to reposition the business in the areas where we think we are strong or market leading and where the markets are actually growing and are favorable to McKesson. We have extremely strong franchises inside of our Technology Solutions business. And we have been struggling with our hospital IT business, where we have been reinvesting in the go-forward products and deinvesting in the products that we've already announced that we plan to sunset. And so it's difficult as an investor to see the positive momentum in the business through some the drag that's present as a result of, as you described, the reformation of the business as we position it for growth going forward. And I think we are optimistic that we continue to make the right decisions to get the momentum back in the business. As to margins, I'll turn it over to James to talk a little bit about what you should think about there.
John H. Hammergren: We clearly have a very strong working relationship with both Teva and Allergan. And I think that we see, as do you, that the question of generic inflation is sometimes driven by the ability for the price to actually benefit the generic manufacturers or otherwise stick in the marketplace. And so to the extent that the consolidation provides some of that opportunity, that would be a positive. I think that the market remains competitive, and I think these consolidations will help eliminate costs. But I also think that McKesson's position in the market will continue to afford us an opportunity to work with these very large companies in a very positive way for both parties.
John H. Hammergren: I think it's difficult to tell. It's a little too early for to us comment on the characteristics of that product, albeit it is a positive, and the continued innovation that comes out in these categories of products will be extremely important to us going forward. And as I mentioned a few moments ago, our footprint in Specialty continues to grow. And I think that as people launch with some of these more unique products, it will help the patients, but it also will help McKesson.
John H. Hammergren: George, I think drug price inflation and the benefit is in the eye of the beholder. I think all of us in the supply chain have different characteristics with manufacturers and with customers that are highly variable, including the relationships of both in terms of the way the business models work, but also the way the contractual relationships might work. So I think it's probably better said that we try to optimize our value to the generic companies in a way where we benefit and may benefit. But at the same time, we have to stay extremely disciplined and diligent around making sure that our customers are also benefiting through our action in the supply chain. And that's been our priority and will remain our priority.
John H. Hammergren: I think it's a good question. Obviously, we've seen tremendous consolidation across healthcare in the last 90 days alone. There has been all kinds of activity. I think the way we think about consolidation is clearly we want to be positioned with winners, but that doesn't necessarily mean that we have to be always positioned with only scaled players. In fact, we think our Health Mart customers, for example, are winners and are able to consolidate in their own space with other independent pharmacies because of the scale we bring to them and the value we can deliver. In fact, that's why I continue to focus on the footprint of owned and banner pharmacies, provide us the ability to help our customers would are perhaps not all owned by the same enterprise, continue to benefit through their relationship at McKesson and may be able to stay as independent operators. Even though they may appear on the surface to be subscale in terms of store count, they may improve their efficiencies through their partnership with us and clearly improve their margin structure through some of the value-added services that we help them deliver into the marketplace on behalf of payers and consumers. So our focus is to help our customers be more successful across the board. And to the extent that people consolidate and we consolidate into our customers, we win or at least break even from a revenue perspective. And our objective is to continue to be more and more efficient with these larger customers so that we can earn the privilege of continuing to serve them.
John H. Hammergren: I think it's a very good question. In fact, all of these questions are good questions. I think the industry is changing significantly. And I think it's incumbent upon us as it relates to our customers and our shareholders to remain open to any strategy that we think is sustainable and can create value. Having said that, it's always been our position that we don't compete with our customers. And so the challenge in some the conceived combinations would either have us competing with people that are on the partner/supply side of our business or perhaps on the partner/customer side of our business, and that makes it difficult to conceive of some of those types of combinations. So I think that we remain open to everything. We'll be very cautious before we ever cross the line of competing with our customers.
John H. Hammergren: Great, thank you, operator, and thanks to all of you on the call today for your time. McKesson is off to a good start for fiscal 2016, and I'm excited about the opportunities that lie ahead. I want to recognize the outstanding performance of our employees and their contributions to driving better business health for our customers every day. I'll now hand the call over to Erin for her review of upcoming events in the financial community.
