John H. Hammergren: Well, thanks, Eric, for the question. I think your perspective is probably correct, and I would like to just further by saying our relationship with the branded manufacturers remains pretty consistent across the board. Our contracts renew on a regular basis with very minor modifications to the terms typically. And what you see here is just basically a difference in the yield year on year from an existing agreement with an existing supplier.
John H. Hammergren: Well certainly the magnitude of it is. If you think about the year on year change in pricing behavior, that's really what's the driver behind it.
John H. Hammergren: Well our agreements, as you point out, are in place today, and one of the things we will be doing as we go to market with the new Walmart relationship will be modifying those agreements to reflect some of the incremental volume delivered by Walmart. But really a combination of the terms and other features of these contracts exist with both organizations. And I do think there clearly is some nominal value that may be delivered in FY 2017. We really think that the preponderance of the value will be delivered in FY 2018, and I think that's consistent with what we've said before, and that's still what we think, Garen.
John H. Hammergren: Well I think we've been asked the question before, obviously, and our chosen path in the US is to partner with our customers. And as you mentioned, independents in particular have been great partners and a growing base of our business, particularly the transition of our customer base from just buying wholesale services from us to being partners in the Health Mart business. And that really is a much more intimate relationship and one where the customer benefits significantly from our involvement, and clearly we do as well because they buy more and more of their product and service requirements from us. We have lots of other customers that are very successful in competing in this market, and frankly we just don't see it, an alternative for us to enter the market directly, both that would benefit us, but also at the same time allow us to provide additional benefit to our customers. So I just don't see us entering the retail space directly in the US, but we'll continue to support our customers as we have in the past.
John H. Hammergren: Well yeah, you're welcome. Most of the regional chains have their own very strong brands and particularly if they're part of a combination where they're selling groceries or warehousing kind of marketing tools, there probably is little interest for them to use the Health Mart brand. But obviously, we'd be open to them participating with Health Mart any way that we can. I would say the preponderance of our Health Mart stores are independent stores, and they'd be aggregated into regional chain-like setups, but that they would still be small in terms of total numbers of stores per aggregator, if that's the way to explain it.
John H. Hammergren: Well, we're very excited about the growth in our specialty business overall. We've made significant strides in building out our value proposition for the customers. You heard us talk about oncology in particular, but in several of the specialties, I think we're very well positioned and the business continues to grow at rates that would be at or above market level. So we are well positioned and we're pleased with the array of services that we provide. Clearly the manufacturer and the customer are both important aspects of driving profitability in that business, and we are continuing to expand the relationships in both directions, and we do believe that the manufacturers benefit significantly by using our services and are willing to pay for those services, because it certainly reduces a lot of the financial and logistics workloads that they have on their laps. So I hesitate to speak universally about a class of customers, but I think our relationships with the manufacturers are very sound and those relationships continue to build.
John H. Hammergren: Ricky, we can go back and check our guidance at the beginning of the year, but I believe we did give you a margin guidance. It was in line with what we just said, flat for full year, so.
John H. Hammergren: Yeah, there really isn't much of a change in our past experience based on what we're seeing today. And I think there's the best way to sum it up, Steven.
John H. Hammergren: I think the charges you're seeing or will see this year are charges we anticipated when we launched the program last year. They just had to be recognized when they were realized, and some of them were going to be realized this year. So it's not a new cost alignment plan, it's a continuation of the one that has already been completed and the financial impact of some of those charges rolled into this year.
John H. Hammergren: Well, I think we have not seen much of a change in the big relationships. They remain pretty consistent, and I'd just sort of remind people that even in some of the larger relationships, there is exposure that remains both positive and negative depending on how you look at it relative to their price increase activities. And so when we talk about the year over year change, you can imagine that with that particular manufacturer, we benefited from their previous price increase patterns and in this quarter have benefited to a lesser degree, and that's why we call it out. But if you step back from that specific individual company, we're not really seeing any change to the character of our relationships.
John H. Hammergren: And you heard us in our prepared remarks talk about the low 20% type of margin, which is slightly below obviously what we recorded in the first quarter, which is reflective of us going back to a more normal run rate. But I would agree with you that we see the business performing very well, and it sets us up nice as we think about the completion of our transaction with Change Healthcare. And we think customers in particular and investors will benefit significantly from the combination.
John H. Hammergren: Well, I think the thing that's most notable is that in both platforms, you hear a discussion about cost and quality at some level. And clearly we believe the healthcare industry is headed on a continued improvement front on both of those dimensions. We need to take cost out of the healthcare system, and we need better visibility to quality, and people are increasingly going to be paid in a way that reflects the value they deliver on those two dimensions. So I think regardless of the candidate that wins, or the party platform that gets adopted, we're trying to help our customers prepare for that environment of more cost pressure, and more inspection of their ability to deliver value. And part of that is also going to require them to collaborate and connect across the boundaries of their individual businesses. So I would say that that theme is the thing that stuck out the most, is that I think the issues that have been raised in the previous administration around these issues, or I should say the interest raised around these issues in the previous administration will continue.
John H. Hammergren: Well we're pleased with our position in specialties. I mentioned it a few moments ago, and I think that our business has continued to focus heavily on our ability to add value to our customers and deliver through our scale and knowledge a product at an improved value. Clearly, biosimilars produce an opportunity for us to reduce cost and deliver quality to our customers, and in places where we can influence the selection of the biosimilar, we believe we will benefit and our customers will benefit. Clearly part of the challenge biosimilars face in the market is their ability to prove the equivalence of their product compared to the originator. And we think in particular, our US Oncology Network is prepared to work with manufacturers to do the type of work that will be necessary, not only to prove to us that the product produces a similar result at a lower cost, but also provide a beachhead or a benchmark from which other customers can be convinced given the rigor and discipline that our network uses to evaluate these types of opportunities. So I think in some categories we may not have much influence, but clearly in products that are used in clinics or in oncology practices in particular, we're very well positioned to create value for the manufacturers and as a result deliver value to our customers through that relationship with the manufacturers.
John H. Hammergren: Well I'll let (50:19) first question a little bit. The second question you may have to repeat so I make sure I fully understand what it was. On the first one, I think that the second change the UK – the first change we understood and we saw it coming, and we had prepared our organization to make moves to offset it and to grow through it. And I think the second change was almost equal in its magnitude related to the first change, which was not insignificant, and so the second change is going to be more problematic for us. And that's I think what we're preparing to deal with as we go through this fiscal year. If you step back from those two issues, the Celesio businesses are performing quite well, and in fact, we're making progress in almost every country to improve our market position, our operational efficiency, getting our product service levels up and so on, the technology that's necessary to support the business including moving into areas hopefully like specialty and the hospital business, et cetera, over time. So I think we're quite pleased with the progress of the businesses. I think that the second hit in the UK was not anticipated, and frankly will be a little bit of a headwind for that business this year.
John H. Hammergren: So it's probably fair to say that the cuts in the UK are not a significant impact on the revenue side of Celesio. So we'd expect those earlier forecasts to hold. It's more of an issue to earnings in that business than it is revenue.
John H. Hammergren: It's probably too early to talk about EIS. Clearly, we're focused on making sure we maintain that customer base and continue to develop the product and retain the people, and as we have news to update you guys on, we'll certainly bring it to you.
James A. Beer: Yeah. Really, it's been a very similar theme in recent months, so it wouldn't likely point to any particularly notable change quarter over quarter.
James A. Beer: I'd just add to that, that it does take some months to ramp up the physical side of these relationships, and that was very much the case when we implemented the broader relationship with Rite Aid, for example.
James A. Beer: Yeah. That was our assumption going into the year. I mentioned back on the January earnings call that it was a single case and that it was quite far along. So that was very much a part of our initial full year guide to you. And then the other thing really just to emphasize is the fact that we also have an anti-trust settlement of substantial scale in Q1 of last fiscal year. So the year-over-year impact from these anti-trust settlements is $83 million versus the much larger figure that we recorded specifically in this Q1.
James A. Beer: Well, just to reemphasize that for the full year, we're expecting the Distribution Solutions operating margin to be in line with that of the prior year. And so yeah, we're obviously off to a stronger start in Q1 because of this anti-trust settlement very much benefiting us in the back quarter, but really the overall story for the year is flat. The other thing I'd just further emphasize again as you think about the first half/second half split is that we'd expect about 48% of the earnings for McKesson to come in the first half versus the second half.
James A. Beer: Well, in terms of brand to generic conversions, we went into the year believing that we'd see a lower overall profit contribution than had been the case in the prior fiscal year. And obviously, Crestor has been a big launch early in the year, and based on what we've seen there, we don't have any change in our point of view. We would continue to believe that we'll see a lower profit contribution from these brand to generic conversions.
James A. Beer: No, that's moving along as I expected it to, again, at the point where we last talked about our guidance. So no, it's very much on track as expected.
James A. Beer: Yeah, that's right. Some of the charges have to be taken in fiscal 2017 versus the bulk that we took in fiscal 2016.
James A. Beer: Well, we ran through some of the drivers. Obviously, we're very pleased with the progress of the results there, very much a focus on the higher margin businesses, very much lower expenses as a result of the cost alignment plan and so forth. But at the same, there are also some timing items that benefited Q1 that I would expect to revert out in Q2. So I'd just temper the situation with that last thought.
James A. Beer: Yeah, so the base from which I'm making that 48% first half comment is very much from our guide of $13.43 to $13.93, which is excluding $0.12 to $0.15 of CAP charges. So that's the base from which you should start. In terms of Q1 versus Q2 items, I just mentioned to Lisa the point that I would expect there will be some timing items around the Technology Solutions business. And then obviously, Q1 benefited substantially from the anti-trust settlement, that roughly $0.38 in the quarter, equivalent to a year over year impact of $83 million. And then in terms of the change in accounting around share-based compensation, as we discussed at Analyst Day, that was going to be $0.16 benefit for Q1. And then only another incremental $0.04 over the balance of the year, so just directionally about a $0.01 or so benefit in Q2. So I think those are the important drivers, if you will, of the Q1/Q2 split.
James A. Beer: No. I wouldn't put it that way. I think it's important to note that the year over year headwinds from both generic pricing effects and customer consolidation, the cash grow you're just referring to are very much weighted to our first half of the fiscal year. So once we get into the second half, they're significantly less, but they're very relevant in the first half of fiscal 2017 year over year.
James A. Beer: Yeah. The significant driver of that double digit revenue guide is really the effect of the acquisitions that we closed a number of them in Q1. We have others yet to close, including the Sainsbury's transaction for example. So really that will be the driver of our ability to execute against that double digit guide.
James A. Beer: Well, if you think about the gross profit margin, I would really point you back to the impact on a year over year basis, the impact of generic price increase activity and the customer consolidation issue, particularly on the Care and the Target pharmacies. That's really the most significant pairing that's driving the gross profit margin line. And then the other thing that we've spoken about this afternoon is that branded manufacturer, and the compensation that we happen to have driven from them in this particular quarter.
James A. Beer: No. I would say the effect of those customer consolidations had a significant impact on the gross profit line in Q1, and again that factor and the generic pricing increase factor will be significant in the first half of our fiscal year, so in Q 2 as well.
James A. Beer: Yeah, actually yeah. I'd just emphasize again, the impact in both Q1 and we expect in Q2 of the twin effects of the generic pricing environment, the lack of price increases relative to the prior year, and the effect for us of the move of Omnicare and Target away from us. So those are both going to be significant drivers in both Q1 and Q2.
