John H. Hammergren: Thanks for the questions, Glen. Clearly, both of these issues are not new to the discussion. I think obviously the concerns or the comments around it have increased in frequency in the last several months, but several years ago, people began to talk about the widening spread, the use of rebates, the transparency or lack thereof of those tools and clearly, we've dealt with the changes in branded inflation for many years. I mentioned in my opening comments about the transition 15 years ago that the company I think helped lead to a more stabilized, more transparent relationship with the branded manufacturers in particular, focused on making sure that our model was not fully dependent on price inflation as one of the key drivers to our economics and over time, we've discussed with our shareholders that the view that we maintain some exposure to price increases in our P&Ls, but that exposure is significantly less than what it would have been going back in time and our relationship with manufacturers continues to be extremely productive. We have not only renewed all of those relationships time and time again over 15 years, but the conversations with the manufacturers have broadened in their context to include not just Distribution Solutions, but also go-to-market solutions as I highlighted also in my opening comments, helping people with product launches, helping them handle specialty products that require a lot of additional attention, and clearly helping them get better take-up on their new launches as well as better adherence to the prescriptions being written by physicians and reducing the friction, things like CoverMyMeds, those tools, allow patients to get access to these drugs faster, better economics and clearly without having to wait sometimes weeks to get authorization to take the meds. So, we've been evolving the model with branded manufacturers and specialty manufacturers, and I'm quite pleased and positive about my future outlook of our evolution of services focused on those manufacturers. As it relates to the impact of the year, I think Britt and I continue to evaluate how much value we expect in our guidance relative to branded price inflation and obviously we provided a range at the beginning of the year with an expectation of where that branded inflation would likely come in. Clearly, the month of July we believe is running at a rate that's less than what we would have normally expected, but I think several of these manufacturers have talked about delaying their price actions until later in the year, as they see how this transition or this model change progresses or doesn't progress. So, I think we're committed to continue to work with manufacturers and to make sure that we mitigate whatever negative impacts might occur as a result of their change. As it relates to the rebating that goes on, clearly, we are students of this industry and have some awareness of the to-ing and fro-ing of the manufacturing relationships with those that are negotiating formularies with them. We don't participate in the rebate structure that goes to the payers and the debate on gross-to-net is a very interesting discussion because as I've described I think in the past on conversations with you and others that although there obviously is a financially net price or average price that's realized by our manufacturing partners, that's not a single net. It's an aggregation of multiple nets and I don't see necessarily the ability or the desire of the industry to have a one-price for all type of a strategy. Now, we don't control what the manufacturers do and we don't have any input on how they set their prices, how much inflation they have or how much rebate they provide to the people in the channel, but what I would say is that if there is a significant reduction in the list price of these products where most of the driver of our economics is derived from, then we will be in discussions with manufacturers to make sure that we get the appropriate reimbursement for the fair value of the services we provide and our rate of return on a lower sell price would have to reflect the recoupment of that value so that we come out at a similar place to where we are today. We clearly agree with many others in the channel that cash payers of these drugs are being forced to pay list price and other abnormalities as they have risen over decades of these types of business models need to be addressed and Americans should get a fair price for the pharmaceuticals, but at the same time, a system like this that has been developed over decades can't be completely reengineered in a matter of weeks and months, and so I think it will take some time as we evolve to whatever model the manufacturers and the payers believe is appropriate going forward.
John H. Hammergren: Well, thank you for the question, Michael. The manufacturers obviously all of them are in different places in terms of how they price their products, the level of innovation that they're delivering to their marketplace, the productivity of their R&D activities, et cetera. And so I think, I can't speak with any specifics with any of them related to our relationship. What I can say is sort of a reinforcement of what I said to Glen and that is that the relationship between McKesson and our manufacturer partners has never been stronger, and when we've had conversations with them about their strategies related to price inflation or their strategies related to their list price of their product, never in those conversations do they indicate a desire to reduce the economics to McKesson because they recognize the tremendous value of the services we provide. So albeit, it may be a time and a process change that goes on between us and our partners related to how we're reimbursed and how these mechanisms might evolve over time, nowhere has anyone said to me, gee, we need to change this model because we believe the economics that we're paying for the value you deliver isn't fair. In fact, it's quite the opposite. They talk about not wanting to do what we do and the fact that we provide great utility value both to our buying customers as well as the manufacturers that we're both trying to serve. So, I think that I'm very confident that we will continue to make progress and as individual decisions are made by individual manufacturers related to their pricing strategy, we'll sit down and have individual discussions with them to make sure that we're properly reimbursed for the value of the service we provide and clearly, we always are trying to expand that discussion to include more than just our distribution services and go beyond into some of the other services that I described. And I'm probably the only remaining CEO in the distribution channel that actually went through the process 15 years ago and helped lead the process of providing better visibility to the manufacturers around the value of we do, providing better stability around our reimbursement, and in those leadership discussions, I think set a standard for how McKesson would move forward and I believe that standard still exists today.
John H. Hammergren: Thanks Michael for the question and I want to also congratulate you by the way on the birth of your new daughter Reece (33:54). I was just told that recently, so congratulations on starting a new era.
John H. Hammergren: Well, thanks for the question, Lisa. As you point out, U.S. oncology is the part of our business that has the greatest exposure to Part B reimbursement, and we are probably one of the largest purchasers of specialty drugs primarily focused on oncology. And we certainly have experienced over time our ability to work closely with the manufacturers to make sure that we've got the right economics on sourcing those products and making sure that the patients are getting access to the best available treatment regimes, and we believe that role is extremely important. In addition, I think that folks in the administration that I've chatted with when we've discussed this particular issue understand clearly that the best value for them as payers for cancer care continues to be in the community setting, and their view of our quality is as good or better than anyone else in the provider network. So I don't think there's a desire in specifics to focus on community-based physicians in any category let alone community-based oncologists in an attempt to destroy the economics of practicing in that venue. What they are focused on is making sure that the economics are maintained perhaps in a different way than just or just primarily on the drug's reimbursement characteristics. So we've had an open dialogue for some time. Like I said, there may be a transition here in terms of how oncologists are paid for the services they provide. And clearly as a very large buyer of these Part B drugs, we think we're in a good position to be a private vendor who negotiates the purchase price of the Part B drugs because we have the pull through characteristics attaching great formularies that utilize those drugs and provide market share to the manufacturers as a result of them providing us with the right economics and that's a role that we already play today with our buying activity. So albeit this could be another transition point for our business that may take some time to straighten out, but I think at least from my experience, having the best value from an economic perspective and the best quality aligned creates a position for you to be able to negotiate a model that makes sense for both the payers as well as for us and I might end my comment on the relative scale or meaningfulness of this as it relates to McKesson's overall financial characteristics. Clearly this is important to our physician partners and their viability is a top priority for us, and the ability to continue to treat patients in that setting is a top priority; however the economics that actually flow through to McKesson's P&L as a result of our relationship with the U.S. Oncology doctors in particular is relatively insignificant.
John H. Hammergren: Well, thanks for the question, Ross. Clearly, we are disappointed with the continued actions that the UK government has been pursuing, primarily focused on the retail pharmacy business there to your point. At some point there's going to be diminishing returns for this to be a source of their budget gap solved, and our dialogue with them is continuing. We don't want to be in a position where we find that the government puts us in a place where the entire retail industry is at risk and clearly, the more cuts that come down the line, the more likely that is to be a possibility, and perhaps a reality. So we are working to be more efficient in that market. We talked about the changes we made in our back-office in the fourth quarter. We continue to take cost-out, and the store closures have helped and if they push more stores into a lack of profitability, we may have to continue with that strategy. As it relates to France, we're obviously a very large provider of services in France. We've got great customer relationships. We've got a great strategy there. It's one of the markets where we have really delivered an omni-channel capability with online, in-store pick up et cetera, experiences for our partners to take to their patients and I think our presence in the market is really second to none. We have recently in the last 18 months or so experienced more significant price activity by our competitors probably in response to our superior value proposition and we've been forced to react to that in certain parts of the French market, but as we have in the UK and other markets in Europe, we'll continue to expand the value proposition and at the same time try to become more efficient and in particular in France, we did develop a national re-distribution center, similar to what we have in the U.S. that is performing at exceptional levels and allowing us to take out cost and capital in that market and deliver superior service and our scale frankly allows us to compete in a much superior way to others in that marketplace. So we're not going to lose market share there. We're going to match the price that our competitors put into the marketplace and maintain the volumes through our business and we hope that the pricing environment will stabilize over time. The larger backdrop of Europe is we're continuing to expand our services in many different areas, and begin to evolve our model so that we can provide services outside of retail pharmacy into specialty and hospital and home care like we've done in the UK, so we're still focused on expanding that business. Thanks, Ross.
John H. Hammergren: Well, we obviously are very encouraged as well not only in the government's focus on the biosim opportunities and getting these products into the marketplace but the manufacturer partners that have come to us in particular are looking for McKesson to help them build a channel into the marketplace, in particular in biosims focused on oncology. As you know, Ross we have a world-leading clinical trial capability inside of our U.S. oncology network that provides value to all oncologists across the country. We help get products to the market faster and more efficiently and we have done that over and over again as it relates to branded product being launched. We think the biosimilar market provides a similar opportunity because of some of the characteristics of these products and a requirement to prove clinical equivalency to the original products and our doctors are very keen on helping make that happen and making sure the patients get the best product at the most value and that helps produce market share for the biosim manufacturers and improved profitability for their practices and a lower-cost for the patient.
John H. Hammergren: While I appreciate the question, Ricky, I think it has several nuances in it. In Europe, there's not really a single model or a single reimbursement mechanism. I would say though in certain markets, the reimbursement is more dictated by the government and can sometimes be different based on brand versus generic and who the payers are for generic and whether they've outsourced the payments for generics and contracted for generic to other parties et cetera, et cetera, including we talked about the Canadian environment where the price of generic is set by government but it's a percentage of the branded price for the non-generic. So there's all kinds of different ways people have set up pricing regimens. We believe – it was my interpretation of the administration is that they're looking for the market to set prices and the conversation that Lisa had a few minutes ago where she talked about the government looking for private vendors to negotiate the price of drugs is another indication of the fact that the government does not want to play a role, in my view at least, the government doesn't want to play a role in price setting. This idea that Part B drugs are set by the government and not through some type of a process is something that they appear to be wanting to change. So I think, frankly, there is not going to be a coming together of the way drug reimbursement happens in Europe and the way it's going to happen in the U.S. It's more likely that market forces will shape the way U.S. drug prices are set. There'll be more transparency to consumers who are increasingly paying more and more of a portion of their drug spend through their benefit plan designs that companies like ours and others have put in place for their employees. And so, I frankly am encouraged by that move and I believe it allows McKesson to continue to work with the manufacturers and to negotiate reimbursement based on the fair value of what we deliver every day for them and in my view it can't be disconnected from the dollar value of the product that we are putting through our channel. Unlike a "shipper" of a product that would charge a fee for a box at a certain weight, McKesson's financial model is much more dynamic and much more significant and much more dependent on our ability to buy inventory, use our balance sheet, provide tremendous service levels to our customers, collect receivables, adjudicate prices, thousands of prices every day through our chargeback systems on behalf of the manufacturers and to manage contracts with GPOs and to do all kinds of things that go far beyond what a logistics provider is prepared to do. And because of our use of our balance sheet and the use of our financial systems and our knowledge of this industry built over 185 years, I think it's highly unlikely that we would go to some type of a fixed fee or per-unit fee model for McKesson. It would have to reflect the use of our financial tools and our role in the entire supply chain for pharmaceuticals in a fashion that's very similar today. So what's more likely to happen is the rate that we receive on the price of the product, however that price gets set, would be reflective of the value in dollars that we need to receive to be properly reimbursed for those services. So that's the strategy that we think works best for us. It's a strategy we think reflects the value of what we deliver every day and it's a strategy that we think the manufacturers are already used to having with us and that we think can be replicated going forward albeit there may be some transition timeframes that we'll have to work our way through.
John H. Hammergren: Thank you for the question. Clearly, the way the UK manages drug pricing both and service pricing for that matter is vastly different than the way it's managed here in the U.S. and the government's activities both on the manufacturer price as well as the retail service price is not established based on what we can at least determine as a market view. It's more of a policy view, and we continue to work with the payers to make sure the payer there, to make sure they understand the value we believe is being derived by using Retail Pharmacy. It's difficult for us to go back to the manufacturers when their economics are preset also by the same regulatory body with perhaps a different regime. So I think we're stuck in a little different place in the UK related to what might be actionable with the manufacturers. Now, clearly, on the services front, we can do a series of different things as a wholesaler to make sure that we're properly paid for the service we provide in those markets. I think as a retailer though because the government is involved in the retail dispensing economics for drugs, it makes it more of a challenge. I don't believe that anything that I'm hearing from the discussions with the administration here in the U.S. or my counterparts in the industry, I'm not hearing any discussion of people wanting to follow a model similar to what's being done in the UK as an example. And as I mentioned earlier, I think it's much more likely to take a market-based approach.
John H. Hammergren: I think it's a fair assessment of not only that dimension but also the question related to a massive reduction in the retail or list price of the product to a lesser price, whether that is defined as a gross-to-net discussion or a lower list price discussion, or a better value for cash payers, however that's discussed, I believe that we are going to be focused on recovering the economics related to our relationship with these individual manufacturers that allow us to continue to have the same dollar yield as we do today from the same transaction activity because the value we deliver frankly doesn't change based on their activity related to brand inflation or related to a gross-to-net-type of a discussion. So you're absolutely right. Your summary is accurate and we did a very similar transition frankly that was more difficult 15 years ago because the manufacturers at that point were not even really aware of how wholesalers are paid or how we made money and our activity in the channel and we improved our relationships with them significantly. We helped them improve their manufacturing cadence. We gave them better visibility to service levels and inventory levels and that activity really sets the stage for us to more rapidly move our model around to accomplish a net neutral economic impact to McKesson and that will be our objective.
Britt Vitalone - McKesson Corp.: Mike, maybe what I would add – this is Britt, I would add that over the last couple of years, the conversations have really become around focusing on the value for the services and expanding the services that we provide, whether that's special handling for certain new products that are being launched and as you've seen us over the last couple of years, you've seen less of a reliance on the variable component of compensation with manufacturers and really focusing on what are the services that we're providing and what is the value for those services and what additional services can we provide to those manufacturers, whether that's distribution services or those are other capabilities that we can help them with launching a product. So I think that's one of the ways that you've seen the conversations change over the last couple of years.
Britt Vitalone - McKesson Corp.: Yeah. Thanks for that question. As we pointed out during our Q4 earnings call, we did expect it to be impacted by the headwinds in our Canadian business. We outlined for you the changes in the generic reimbursement rate would have a gross headwind of $100 million to $125 million for the year, so that certainly is part of it. We are seeing really good growth in our MRxTS business as I mentioned in my remarks and then the third piece here is while we did see a decline year-over-year in Change Healthcare in the quarter, we still expect that Change Healthcare will meet the full year guide that we gave. We're seeing good operating performance. We're seeing good performance and progression against synergy targets. We're pleased with our performance, so I think the overriding impact here in the first quarter is really two-fold. One, the Canadian headwinds that I mentioned and then secondly, last year, we did have about $17 million of operating profit from EIS, which we have divested.
Britt Vitalone - McKesson Corp.: Thanks for that question. We haven't seen any change from what we guided at our Investor Day. On the sell-side we still see a competitive but relatively stable market so no change in our view on the sell-side component of that. ClarusONE continues to perform quite well ahead of very strong first quarter. We're very pleased with the progress there and the partnership and the opportunities that are in front of us. From a buy perspective, the dynamics on the buy side, as we've talked about we've seen more of a stable environment from a deflation perspective, so this is running in-line with what our expectations were, really no supply disruptions that are of any material either and ClarusONE continues to drive great value from a buy side, so we're continuing to focus on building out ClarusONE and additional opportunities and taking the ability that we have on ClarusONE to create a spread for us that we can deliver great value to our customers on the sell-side.
Britt Vitalone - McKesson Corp.: Thanks for that question. I would point to a couple things. First of all, you are right. Historically we have seen the manufacturers take the majority of their price increases in our fiscal fourth quarter. There is an impact from seasonality. We have our highest volumes in the fourth quarter, so the impact we would see from those would be higher just given that seasonality, and I would also point out that while we are more fixed than we have been historically, there is still a variable component to our compensation. So I would expect that that trend would continue. It is more of a seasonality component than anything else.
Britt Vitalone - McKesson Corp.: I think as we've talked about previously, we're not adjusting our guidance at this point. We have seen lower price inflation as John mentioned in the July month. If we see some changes to that that are significant, then certainly we will update you on that but we would expect to still be in the guidance range that we provided.
Britt Vitalone - McKesson Corp.: Thanks for that question, Eric. My comments really relate to that timing event that happened last year between Q1 and Q2. Our compensation or the value that we've earned from brand compensation in the first quarter of this year is in-line with what our expectations are and we wouldn't expect that there'd be any variability as we saw last year between first quarter and second quarter.
Britt Vitalone - McKesson Corp.: First of all, there was a headwind in Q1 of last year. It was really between the two quarters, so we wouldn't expect – and that was related to our continued evolvement of our agreements with manufacturers. As we think about the quarters this year, we wouldn't expect there to be any headwinds from types of evolvement of agreements like we had last year, so I think as you think about the first quarter of this year, we did have that timing event between Q1 and Q2 of last year. We also had customer losses that we talked about in our numbers in Q1 this year, but we still had some growth overall.
Britt Vitalone - McKesson Corp.: Well, first of all, thanks for the question. I don't believe I used the word acceleration. I used the word relative contribution, and as we think about our second half, we would expect the same types of contribution in the second half would be the same this year as it was last year. What Eric asked about was a very specific event in Q1 of last year that was timing between Q1 and Q2, and that was related to our continued evolvement around our branded contracts become more fixed, so we would expect the dynamics of our quarters in the second half of the year to be very similar this year as they were last year.
Britt Vitalone - McKesson Corp.: Thanks for the question. Our first quarter was roughly in-line in terms of the experience that we saw with the manufacturers. July obviously has been quite a bit lower than we had anticipated and lower than what we've seen in previous years. We do anticipate at this point at least that we'll see the same type of behavior or activity by the manufacturers in the fourth quarter. To the extent that that doesn't happen it will have some impact on our numbers, and we would expect to still be in the guidance for that. So I think what we've seen in July is indicative of something different than what we've seen in the past but as we look at the whole year, we still maintain our guidance that we provided for branded price increases. But to the extent that the fourth quarter, our fiscal fourth quarter is – we experienced less branded price inflation. We'll have an impact but we would expect it to still be in the guidance.
