Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, Steve, as you'll recall, our guidance for the full year is based on both the branded and the generic side, seeing price trends continue the pretty favorable levels that they were at in our prior fiscal year. Now we're only 6 months into the year, so it's too early to make a call for the full year. But I would tell you that those first 6 months on both the branded and generic side are certainly consistent with the levels we experienced for the full year last year and consistent with our assumptions. So that does help us as we look at the results from the first half of the year.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, I'd say, Tom, as we look at the first half of the year and, more importantly, as we look at the components of what drives our earnings, we're a little bit ahead of where we thought we'd be at this time of the year, year-to-date, and we're confident that the momentum will continue. And that's why since we started the year, you've now seen us come up about $0.20 on the guidance. In terms of med-surg, when -- this really goes back -- well, I guess we acquired the company back in the 90s, and they just have a convention and a set of systems and an operational process that is based on what's known as a 445 close process in about every 5 years or so to keep them relatively in sync with the rest of the company. We have a quarter where they get these 5 extra days.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Yes, it's really a function of about 3 things. First off, just the timing this year, as we sit here in October, of when the branded manufacturer compensation is coming to us will mean a significant sequential decline in the December quarter, and then January is generally the biggest quarter. So that's the first driver. The second thing is while you're correct that certainly, Lipitor launching November 30 will help, that's only 1 month of their quarter. It'll be much more important than the March quarter. And on the Specialty generics side, sequentially you have a couple of important drugs that will be entering a little less profitable part of their lifespan. And so that'll be a sequential drop from September to December. And third, as we just look at the way the implementation schedule has worked out in our hospital software business, we'd expect the December quarter to be down a little bit sequentially and then the March quarter to pop back up. You also had a -- in our payer-facing technology business, a pretty sizable disease management contract that we were winding up with the State of Illinois. We had expected to see that sequentially or fairly steadily recognized throughout the year, but we reached settlement with them, which pulled essentially the whole year into the September quarter. So that's the last component of why the sequential drop that you're describing is nothing to be concerned about. It's just sort of the way that the timing of these couple of issues has worked out this fiscal year.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Obviously, it is a big drug, and there's a lot of work being done on many parties' [ph] parts to make sure that this is handled properly. I think the view we had at the beginning of the fiscal year is still the view that we have today, and I would say that the economics we believed at that time that would fall to McKesson continue to be the economics we believed way back when we gave guidance for the fiscal year. So clearly, there's a little bit of noise in the channel around various alternatives that people might be pursuing. But as it relates to at least our business, I think we're still pretty confident that it'll fall, like we believed that it would.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, when we -- as a reminder, Lisa, what we said is our basic assumption was the November launch with 2 players. We weren't speculating on who those players might be or how they get to market. That remains our assumption. Certainly, there's an almost infinite number of scenarios that are out there. But I think we feel confident within the kind of guidance range we've given you for the year. As we look at the landscape right now, we're pretty comfortable with our assumptions and what's built into our forecast.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Yes, there's about 4 components that explain the sequential move down from the September quarter. One is just the pattern this year of the -- when branded price increases are coming in. Second, on the Specialty generic side, you actually have a couple of large drugs that are entering the less profitable part of their life cycle in the December quarter. Third, you had a large disease management contract in our payer-facing business with the State of Illinois that we settled completely and, therefore, had a large drop to the bottom line in the September quarter. But that was something we had expected to see in the back half of the year. And then last, just the way that the implementations are playing out in our MPT or hospital-facing business, the December quarter will be the weakest quarter of the year and then March will pop back up. So those are really things, none of which has anything to do with the fundamental outlook for the year. It's just the way the timing has evolved.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: I don't think we gave a precise number, but I suppose the way I would think about it is this is revenue that pretty much drops straight to the bottom line and it added a couple of pennies to our earnings this quarter. And we thought instead what it would be doing would be adding a little less than $0.01 throughout each of the quarters of the rest of the year.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, I guess, Ricky, what I would say is the warehouse revenues would have been pretty flat year-over-year without the new customer. On the direct revenues side, the -- it's really just strong performance across all customer segments, and new business did not play the material role that it did play on the warehouse side.
John H. Hammergren: Well, I think historically, Glen, it's always impacted our progression from a margin perspective, and that's why it's difficult for us to comment specifically about quarterly performance. We're pretty good about the year, but we can't control certain aspects to our business model directly and we certainly can't control the timing of -- the timing or magnitude of price increases or decreases in the case of the generic products. So I think that we try to spell those out for you at the beginning of the year when we give you guidance in terms of what our assumptions are. Clearly, people might have different assumptions than ours. And we know the progression is going to be uncertain, and that's, I guess, the fact.
John H. Hammergren: Well, I think, Larry, clearly, thank you for the acknowledgment about our performance with our major customers over the last 11 years. We have a great team and we deliver superior performance for our customers on almost every dimension, and we're pleased with the retention rate. I would point out, though, that this industry has typically not turned over a lot of big customers. The business is stickier than some people may realize, and incumbent relationships clearly are important and there's a cost to switching. So it is a good business, and it's a good business for McKesson. As it relates to specific comments related to the VA, we have talked in the past about how this is a unique contract by the character under which the government negotiates with branded pharmaceutical manufacturers and the type of service we deliver to them, and it's not fair to probably compare them on a revenue basis to other customers of similar size because of some of these dynamics. I think it's probably premature for us to speculate what the loss of this customer would mean to us financially and what offsets we might be able to find. And clearly, it's not a fiscal '12 issue. It would be a fiscal '13 issue, as you point out, and we would have some time before we arrive in fiscal '13 to build that into whatever outlook we're going to give you for fiscal '13 if that circumstance were to arise. And it's also difficult to comment or speculate about how our last 8 years of superior performance for them would weigh into their consideration relative to making an award decision. They clearly set out a set of criteria in their request for proposals, and we responded. And we certainly would like to believe that our incumbent performance would matter to them and there would be some value given to the cost to switch. However, we can't control any of those decisions. All we can do is provide great performance on the metrics that we do have control over and hope that they're valued by any customer at any time they're making a decision to either stay or go. So I wish I could be more specific about it or more optimistic or pessimistic. You should take this as a completely neutral comment. I really don't know how to handicap this one.
John H. Hammergren: Yes, and we don't control it either, Larry. As you know, we certainly would -- and if it follows last or the last pattern, it would be sometime before the end of the year, and it could come this -- anytime. But we're -- we've given them all the information they need to make their decision and it's in their hands.
John H. Hammergren: Well, I think everybody's concerned about ICD-10 upgrades, and I think we have an action plan with almost all of our -- in fact, all of our customers. We've had a discussion with them, and most of them are already building the implementation plans to make sure their products are ICD-10 compliant and ready. And it goes to the payer business as well and not just the hospital business. So it's a pretty significant change for our industry. It's consuming a whole bunch of resource when there's not a lot of resource available. But we would expect that not only will all of our products be ICD-10 compliant and ready, but our customers will hopefully be ready as well, and that's what we're working on. So that's part of the momentum we see in the business also.
John H. Hammergren: And I'll also say, Lisa, I think it's also important to know that these are -- this is a big product, but we also have a portfolio of margin that comes in not only from generics but also from branded companies. And if our speculation on Lipitor happened to be slightly off one direction or the other, I'm not sure that it would have a significant impact on our company, particularly with the fact that this is mostly an FY '13 opportunity for McKesson given that it falls late in our fiscal year. So I don't -- we're not particularly stressed by the various speculation that's out there and what it might do. Now clearly, they can be significantly different than what we think.
John H. Hammergren: Well, I think it's a good question, Ross. We have a -- we do have a significant opportunity in front of us to more deploy our balance sheet in a way that delivers incremental value for all of our shareholders. And I would imagine, consistent with our past practice, we will continue to take a portfolio approach, which includes clearly share repurchases that we talked about this quarter, and continue the acquisitions and, of course, our dividend policy at this point. So I don't think it'll be a change from what we've done before. We'll be -- you can control share repurchases -- purchases and dividends. In some respects, acquisitions kind of follow their own course, and opportunities come and go depending on value, as you point out, and multiples of frothiness, but also in terms of willing sellers and our view of our team's ability to get the appropriate synergies and value out of any transaction. So it's a multi-pronged approach when you analyze acquisitions. And I think we still believe there are targets out there for us to continue to follow. And as you mentioned, if multiples contract, it makes those targets even more interesting to us. So I think it'll be more of what you've seen.
John H. Hammergren: No, I don't want you to misread this comment. I don't think we necessarily look at it based on our business segments. We look at it based on the myriad of factors we evaluate any acquisition on. Is it a business we know and understand? Does it strategically position us in a better place? Is the price reasonable from a financial perspective? How much dependence do we have on synergies? How much of those synergies are we giving back to the seller? And can we deliver value? Is it going to have the right characteristics, providing returns above our cost of capital, obviously. And the returns, frankly, over time, that should be far superior to a share repurchase, which is more simple to execute. So I think we look at it on that composite way. Having said all of that, most acquisitions in the technology space, particularly like hospital software companies, at $500 million or above would carry a multiple that would immediately stop us from going down that path. Having said that, I'm not sure that those multiples will hold after this buy cycle is done and people begin to look at other opportunities to spend their money. We think McKesson is very well positioned with our portfolio of technology companies to take advantage of the buying that will continue, like connectivity and transaction process and the kinds of things that are core to our business. And perhaps those companies that are dependent on single applications where the buying cycle may be less predictive -- predictable, those valuations could soften, so.
John H. Hammergren: I think it's difficult to predict at any one drug what its profitability might be in one period versus another. I think we just look at it in a simple way than this. We're going to have more months in fiscal '13 to sell a product. It'll be in our plan -- in our business for a full year as opposed to only a partial year. And Lipitor is not the only drug, obviously, that's going to go through this cycle. So fiscal '13, frankly, will be a better year on generics because of that cycle, at least our fiscal '13. So each one of our companies in our sector have different fiscal years, and you're going to get different views on the product based on perhaps a person's view of the fiscal years. But that was it -- I was not trying to make a call on its profitability past exclusivity.
John H. Hammergren: Well, clearly, our expectation is that our business will continue to drive efficiencies and that we should be able to grow OpEx slower than we grow revenues. Okay? Clearly, there's a crossover point. Particularly, if you think about the business less from a revenue perspective but from a gross margin or gross profit dollar growth perspective, that leverage should be retained. And as you think about the generic wave, our revenues may come under some pressure, but our gross profits shouldn't. And if we can keep growing our gross profits at or above the rates of our expenses, then we're going to get a very positive lift right to the bottom line. So that's the model. There's nothing in the model that should be changing going forward. And clearly, to the extent that there's inflation that's added into the model and it's something you don't have to add expense against, then that's certainly a helpful force. But I don't think the efficiency we've gained at McKesson is over yet.
John H. Hammergren: Well, I think we believe strongly that our model for 178 years is for us to deploy capital smartly in our distribution network to keep it contemporary and efficient. But we don't typically go to massive re-works to try to catch up with the productivity issues we haven't addressed. And so every year, we're investing in our capabilities and sequentially going through our network to make sure that its world class. And I think you'll see that continue. And we want to stay ahead of the expense pressures by producing leverage in our business through productivity and Six Sigma and Lean and lots of other things we think we have done a great job of rolling out. And those opportunities to reduce variability in our operation and to improve our efficiency have by no means been exhausted. And Paul Julian and the team and all of our distribution businesses have been, I think, really focusing on continuing the string of 11 years of investing in our business with the people and the systems to improve our results.
