Brian Tyler: Thank you, Eric. I mean the -- probably goes without saying the demand for PPE is up significantly whether you're talking about core healthcare markets or schools or workplaces. We certainly see that increased demand for PPE and that reflects, that does reflect in the Medical Group's results for the quarter. Our priority internally has been and continues to be to make sure we support the frontline caregivers and that we get the necessary PPE to them. And quite honestly, some of these customer segments historically didn't have a lot of demand for some of the products like N95 mask, it just wasn't necessary in the way they were in their businesses, that's the way they ran their businesses, that's obviously changed. And so we're working hard to source. Our sourcing teams are very active with various partners. Manufacturers around the world really to continue to make sure we can meet the needs of those healthcare customers. And we would not be looking to expand into industrial or other lines until we felt confident we could meet the core needs of the healthcare -- our healthcare customers today.
Brian Tyler: Thank you, Charles. Certainly, April was a very soft month. I think we signaled that when we talked about our guidance for the year. April and May more or less tracked to the assumptions that we had laid out as we saw the recovery progressing. That held up early part of June, and then it really accelerated, and it's pretty correlated to, if you look at the timing of when states kind of relax their restrictions on movement and local economy, markets got opened back up and people got back to the business of healthcare. And we saw those volumes strengthen for us really through the conclusion of our June quarter. June ended right prior to the 4th of July holiday. So there's always nuances around timing of events like that. I think as we think about going forward, you're exactly right, we are not -- we have not built this plan around a presumption of a second lockdown, so to speak. We think economies will continue to stay open. I do think if you reflect on what's happened in Texas and Florida and Arizona and what's occurring now in other states as those states start to bend their curves downward, that's where we get to this idea. I think the word we used was linear. We don't think it's going to be steady progression. I mean based on states and cities and municipalities and how the virus accelerates or decelerates, we'll see some variability. But we are not anticipating a return to shelter in place, like we saw in the March time frame.
Brian Tyler: Sure. I would say as a general characterization, the pacing has been pretty consistent retail national account versus independent. Meaning the macro trend of when we saw volume soften in April, start to recover in May, continue to bounce back in June. I think those trend lines are largely consistent. A national chain probably has a little less exposure to a particular state or community that might be experiencing a better or worse COVID progression. So obviously, there's some almost built in risk mitigation from being a national chain. But by and large, I think the independents have held up pretty well. We have -- we stay obviously in close contact with them. We see many of, for example, our Health Marts, participating in some of the testing and I think people reflect now more than ever, the important role of community care and pharmacists as a point of community care in the recovery. So I don't think there's anything I would draw other than that.
Brian Tyler: Thank you for the question, Steven. I mean we obviously went early in the lockdown period and payers and health plans started relaxing some of their -- or changing some of their policies. There was an uptick in mail order. If you actually look at the trend lines for mail order and retail, though, after that sort of initial -- just take that initial period out, they actually are tracking pretty consistently. So we don't -- there -- one week, you can get a swing one way or the other. But if you looked over a period of a couple of months, they're actually tracking, would say, and kind of in lockstep. So I don't see anything systemic in terms of the way the market is going to change because of this.
Brian Tyler: The only thing I would add to that is, obviously, we had a lot of tremendous insight into oncology. We're in a lot of other specialties. And it's one of the, I guess, nuances to the environment we're in right now is that each specialty, just like each of our market segments has got a bit of their own recovery curve [ph] and timing just kind of dependent on what's the nature of the disease, what's the nature of the therapies, what's the interaction with physicians, what's the applicability of telehealth versus not. So we really watch this by each of the various disease states.
Brian Tyler: So, I'll start and let Britt add on, if he'd like. I mean, I think that the generic market has continued to perform in a way consistent with the past several quarters. As you know, we focus more on the spread, the difference between the sell price and the acquisition price, and we don't tend to comment on generic deflation too much. But I would continue to characterize that market as stable and is consistent with what we've seen over past quarters. I think it's -- I think the disruptions to generic supply from COVID have been well-managed and quite minimal and may not even be attributable to COVID per se. We do have a dedicated and focused team that we stood up at the outset of this pandemic to work closely with suppliers, not just existing suppliers, but other suppliers around the globe to forecast and track our views of inventory and inventory availability. But I would say thus far through certainly our first quarter, the supply situation has been well managed.
Brian Tyler: Sure. Thanks, Robert. So I'll start, I guess, just a few comments on flu. I mean, flu is a component of our medical business. I wouldn't overemphasize the role of flu vaccine there. Every flu season tends to be its own season, depending on the severity of the strand, depending on the effectiveness of the vaccination. So we've lived through lots of different kinds of flu seasons, strong ones and weak ones. And I think our best thinking at this point is this -- it would be a typical or average flu season. Now, it's still quite early to make that call with any specific insight into how flu may interact with COVID and patient perception. So it's something we'll continue to monitor and watch. And then relative to the comments about lab, I mean we -- by virtue of our position in the alternate care markets and supporting nursing homes and supporting physician offices. We just have great reach into the community. And so as the need for these -- this testing moves into the community-based setting, we're well positioned to take advantage of that.
Brian Tyler: Thanks, George. I'll take this one. And I really don't have any kind of material update. We do continue to be engaged in discussions with attorneys, generals and others. We do remain hopeful that broad resolution can be achieved. We think it's important that if there's a path to accelerate relief efforts for people and the communities impacted that we find a way to take that path. You can imagine the amount of focus on COVID-19 over the past quarter, but we do continue the dialogue, we do continue to be optimistic that a broad resolution could be reached, and we do continue to prepare our defense in the event that it can't be. And that's about all I can add to that. Well, thank you, everyone, for your questions, and thank you for joining us on the call. Alyssa, thank you for helping us facilitate this call. I want to conclude my remarks today by just thanking all the frontline workers across the world who are tirelessly day in and day out working to keep us healthy and safe. And I certainly want to recognize the outstanding performance of our 80,000 employees, especially their commitment to helping their communities and to helping each other in this time of need. We wish you and your families good health and wellness. I look forward to the day we can be together. Thank you all.
Britt Vitalone: Eric, I guess what I would add to that. You probably noticed that in addition to the strong volumes we saw in primary care in June, PPE contributed to that, and that was part of the reason why we increased our revenue guide for the year. If you recall, our original guidance for the medical segment was revenue to be down 3% to 8% year-over-year. We've now upped that to 8% to 12% growth and PPE was a part of that in addition to the strong primary care volumes that we saw at the back half of June.
Britt Vitalone: And I think it goes without saying that national accounts just based on their size, have a greater proportion of the segment. And I don't think you should take that as one part of the segment grew faster than the other. I think it's just given the proportion that national accounts make up within that segment, they had a bigger impact.
Britt Vitalone: Eric, let me start, and then Brian can add. Just to clarify, my comments were really related to visits. And so what we saw at the beginning of the quarter right after the pandemic is that visits ticked down to about that 70% level. And we saw pretty steady growth throughout the quarter to roughly the 95% at the end of the quarter that I referenced. And we also saw an increase in telemedicine visits, which I think helped the practices from an efficiency standpoint as well. So a comment, just to clarify, was really based on visits.
Britt Vitalone: Sure. Thanks for the questions. Let me try to unpack those for you. As it relates to the guide, first, as it relates to the insurance proceeds, as I mentioned, those are GAAP only. So those are not included in our adjusted earnings. As it relates to the comments that I made around tax, I would just refer you that our full year expectation on the tax rate is still within 18% to 20%. What I was trying to do is to give a little bit more visibility into the timing that we expect to see throughout the year. So, I think -- and as you think about cash flow, it's early. It's first quarter of the year. We're trending as we had assumed or roughly as we assumed in the first quarter. Our cash flow, as I mentioned in my comments, has historically varied from quarter-to-quarter, but I think the COVID environment places additional volatility on that. And so our -- as we think about this throughout the rest of the year as we get more visibility into patterns and working capital demands, we'll certainly provide updates as appropriate. But I wouldn't read anything into that. It's early from a -- for a -- to give a full year update on the cash flow guide.
Britt Vitalone: Sure. Good morning, Lisa. Thanks for that question. I'll just refer you back to some comments that I made on the May call. And we track unemployment levels very closely. We track the solvency of our customers very closely, work very closely with them to make sure that they have all the resources that they need. What I said in May would still hold. We expect that the peak unemployment levels will be in the second calendar quarter. We still expect that to be the case. Obviously, unemployment has been stubborn for the last 18, 19 weeks, but we do believe that it will peak in this second calendar quarter. And so I think, to your second question, I think you're right. I think we do believe that prescription transaction volumes will be not as affected as the overall economy will be. And that's given us the confidence to really raise our revenue guide within that segment for the full year.
Britt Vitalone: Thank you, Ricky. It's early days, I think, to forecast, A, when the vaccine will be available, which manufacturer, it might be available from and what the best method of distribution for that vaccine will be. You're as aware as I am, there's over 100 vaccines close to 150 in development. There's probably 10 to 20 at the front end of that funnel. We continue to work closely and are in discussions with all of those -- all of the manufacturers around these vaccines. Our company has a great capability in this area. We administer the vaccines for children's program today. We obviously have large channels in the medical business and in the pharmaceutical business that support community providers who administer these vaccines, and in over a decade ago, when our nation was dealing with H1N1, we continue -- it's a proud moment in McKesson's history of the role we were able to play in managing that vaccine solution. So, I think we have terrific capabilities. We're in active dialogue with everybody. Our first and foremost goal will be to do whatever we can do to help accelerate getting a vaccine to market. That's the most important thing we can do and what we're focused on right now.
Britt Vitalone: Maybe just to build on Brian's comment. The flu vaccine itself within our medical business is a component of pharmaceutical distribution within that segment. And it's not -- the vaccine itself is not material to the segment. And as Brian mentioned, we've thought about this as more of a typical flu season that we've seen over the last several years. Now if it's a little bit greater than it has been in prior years again, the vaccine distribution itself is not material to the segment.
