John Hammergren: I think for the quarter the business probably experienced a little bit more of a change in the mix of the business than we normally would have seen that caused some of this but stepping it up just a level, I would say that our Technology Business has seen that our customers are buying at a rate that is at or above what our expectations were coming into the year. The challenge for us now as we look at the rest of this year and into next year is the implementation time for some of these relationships that have expanded beyond what would have been perhaps a more let’s put this in as we go kind of philosophy to we want a contract for a complete solution to get ready for stimulus. So what we might have normally installed in this quarter and recognized in this quarter from the software perspective and realizing to revenues, is not so much related to what we sell, what we book. It’s what will we recognize as revenue. What we recognize as revenue is both mix related but also time to implementation and complexity related. So I think our tone and tenor of this should be positive albeit somewhat extended as it relates to getting actual P&L results from what our customers are asking us to do.  And you also saw similar related to the software, our comments about margins, are still in line with what we expected but we are investing as we suggested last quarter more heavily in the back half of this year which will continue through our fourth quarter and this is all in the spirit of how do we get these implementations done more quickly for our customers in time for the stimulus. So it’s really a combination of more complex contracts and longer time to implement and then the added burden of expenses in advance of those implementations which you don’t see which are positive trends from the booking perspective.
John Hammergren: It’s certainly the characteristics of the contract as much as the complexity of the products they’re trying to buy all at one time so if we sold a simple product and got it installed, we recognize it in revenue and earnings. When we sell that simple product as part of a multi product contract, that revenue will get hung up until we get the entire contract installed. So it’s actually a positive if you think about it in a multi quarter sense. It just might be a negative if you think about it in a short term sense.
John Hammergren: Well we’re obviously like you pleased that we renewed our valued relationship. It’s a long standing relationship and we’ve developed a significant partnership with Rite Aid and it relies on great integration on both sides of the relationship to deliver great value for both of us. I think the way to describe the Rite Aid renewal is that any of these large customers you have to step up and deliver value and you can’t charge more than the value you’re delivering and we’re fortunate to continue to prove to Rite Aid and to others that we’re the partner of choice for these relationships and I think if there had been any material changes to this relationship we would have probably said something specific about it. I think that this falls in line with that sort of annual process that we have or every third year process we have with customers that we go through from a renewal perspective and there’s really nothing abnormal or unusual in this environment.
John Hammergren: No, the seasonality in our earnings are more driven by the way our relationship with manufacturers drives the margin structure in our P&L. So if you actually look at the quarter break down and the margin rates, you’ll see some variability. That seasonality might be a little bit related to the cold and flu season but it’s more related to the behavior of manufacturers relative to price increases and the continued structures structure of our relationships with manufacturers where we receive payment in those kinds of interval. So albeit we try to move our margins up year over year, in our Distribution Solutions segment margin rate increases and we expect to experience that again this year as we guided to at the beginning of the year, we will still see seasonality in our business, and that is a completely different discussion than customer contract renewals. And I don’t thing there’s seasonality in that context of customer renewals. If you lose one by surprise or something negative happens, it just happened and it has nothing to do with how our season and our quarters work.
John Hammergren: I would say that our valuation is probably affected by the fact that we have $3.5 billion or whatever on our balance sheet that hasn’t been deployed in either direction and if you actually go back and look at the history of our acquisitions, I believe we’ve been able to deliver more value to our shareholders through well executed acquisitions than we have in share repurchases or dividends. That’s not to say that we don’t pass on many deals because dividends and share repurchases are a better decision. So our confidence in doing acquisitions is built on the success we’ve had with them. Our confidence on buying shares or paying dividends is the fact that we appreciate that we have a portfolio approach and sometimes the capital is better deployed in that way. I guess the message in this quarter is that we don’t feel necessarily a big rush to deploy the capital and I’m hoping that our shareholders will continue to look at that cash on our balance sheet as a point of value as opposed to a missed opportunity to create value.Robert Willoughby – Bank of America: I guess it’s a point of value though would I describe a premium on an ability to get it deployed more rapidly and without any loss of efficacy I guess is the question.
John Hammergren: Well clearly it is a drag on our near term results if its not deployed in a way that produces returns that are at or superior to the returns we get on the rest of our capital. So I think we have an awareness of the fact that we are not optimized from a capital structure at this moment, but as Jeff and I mentioned in our prepared comments, we try to look at these things over a longer horizon that just a quarter or two or even a year for that matter. And hopefully, the time that we spend waiting for the right deployment opportunity is made up for by the right deployment ultimately and I think we’ve taken a successful portfolio approach to doing that over the last seven to ten years and we’ll continue to.
John Hammergren: I think we’ll continue to use the portfolio approach so I don’t want to have people misinterpret my comments and assume that we’re only going to do acquisitions. But speaking specifically about acquisitions, we think there are opportunities and they appear sometimes not when you want them to but there will be opportunities to deploy against acquisitions in all of our core businesses and we’ve done it in pharmaceutical and medical distribution in the past and in technology. There are clearly times where things get over valued and there are times when assets are not for sale that you have to be patient about, but I think the most important take away from this discussion should be that we’ve built a track record and if we choose to deploy any of our capital in acquisitions I would hope to do so intelligently and in a way that creates more value than a share repurchase would create for us. So I think you’d find that we would look to the businesses that we’re in today and we bring some knowledge. We bring some synergy. It’s unlikely that we will buy companies that our shareholders could buy and we can’t add any value beyond what you could add to them to hold them independently.
John Hammergren: I think as we came into this year we were obviously very focused on what are we going to do with the loss of the $3 billion of revenue at the first day of our new fiscal year and so we put in several majors to try to counteract that and clearly tight expense controls and optimizing our performance with our existing customers and suppliers to improve returns on those pieces of business and basically looking everywhere for opportunities. And clearly we were well positioned I think to take advantage of the opportunity presented with the flu season. We were in very good businesses that participate in flu but we also had a business that had a current tract record of performance with CDC and we were able to build out those six distribution centers in a matter of weeks to service this unprecedented requirement. So clearly I’m pleased with what we did this year to fill the hole. I would hope that as we come back and we start fiscal 11, we don’t have a similar kind of customer hole to dig our way out of as we start the year that will give us the typical momentum that you expect from McKesson year on year. And then secondly, to Jeff’s comments and my comments relative to trying to find additional opportunities to help cover the year on year lap of the flu event, it’s still not clear to us what demands might be on us next year, what kind of flu season we might have. There’s discussion about H1N1 coming back in a more virulent way and clearly I think we’ve demonstrated our ability to help in these emergency needs of the country and hope that the six facilities that we’ve established will not all be turned off and set aside. Clearly anything we can do to work through that with the CDC or others in terms of utilizing those assets will be nothing but upside given that we had anticipated that they would be put out of commission as the season draws to an end. So there would be an opportunity dependant on your view of what might happen in the future for the vaccination perspective and how our vaccine business overall might continue to evolve given our import now to the country relative to things like standard flu and other vaccinations that take place like we started with with the Children’s Health Vaccine program. So I think the point of our discussion is to highlight the fact that the $0.35 to $0.40 we believe is unusual and also highlight the fact that we are working hard to find other opportunities that will help us cover some of that year on year comparison.
John Hammergren: I think it’s difficult for us to talk about fiscal 11 on this call given that we’re still working through the numbers and what that might be and we’ve got one quarter left to go. I think the message you should be hearing from us is we executed this relationship with the CDC in a flawless way and we furthered our relationship and our credential on our ability to do this going forward. I can’t speak for the Federal government or the medical community in terms of what desires they might have for this kind of a program. What I can say though is that vaccines are used in many ways in this country and there might be other ways we can assist the distribution of specialty products like vaccines that are highly regulated and need to be refrigerated etc. through this distribution capability. But even if you set all that aside, you should assume that our teams are working as they think about next year not only how do we grow off of the $3.90 to full $0.05 to $0.10 that you were talking about but also what is that number really going to be as we focus on next year. So as we finish the fourth quarter we’ll be prepared to give you better insight but I think what we attempted to do on this call was to quantify at least for everyone what we think the numbers are relative to the H1N1 activity this year and at least put out there one of the challenges we face as you think about next year.
John Hammergren: That’s a difficult question. I don’t really know where our competitors stand given that these final requirements have just now been published. What I can say is the reason I spent time on this on this call is that our team has not only been involved in helping to set the requirements, but we’re not surprised by them and I believe they believe that we have what it takes to get these products certified and through the process on behalf of our customers. Saying it more frankly, I don’t know how we’d have a clinical business if it weren’t certified so I think it’s almost impossible to believe that we would not achieve certification. And if our competitors certainly can achieve certification, that’s what you’re looking at. We certainly can because there’s no technical reason that we see why that can’t happen. As to the investment, we have made investment in our clinical products, quite significant investments over the last six to 12 months and we continue to make investments, but our heaviest investments right now are really focused on making sure that we can install these products in a time frame for our customers, and there’s a significant ramp in front of us with customers that might have been in a three year plan to install clinical’s that are saying I’d like to move that to 18 months. As you might imagine that puts tremendous strain on our implementation teams and our customers to get ready for stimulus. So we are actually hiring out pretty aggressively because we have to train these people before they are deployed in a hospital and that expense if falling in this quarter and next quarter and we believe it will fall into next year as well as we start those implementations. And as I mentioned in answer to an earlier question, part of our revenue and earnings outlook on this business is predicated on our ability to successfully deploy and install these products, not so much that our contractual obligations have changed with our customers but just from a percentage of completing accounting methodology perspective. If we have a large contract which contains multiple products, our recognition of the entire contract is put off until the final product is installed. So if a customer is going to take 18 months to get a series of products or contracts installed, it will be the 18th month when we finally put the last product in when we will realize the earnings out of it even though we might have invested 18 months worth of expense to get that contract complete for that customer. So I’m less concerned about our ability to get our products certified than I am about our customers to be ready for meaningful use based on the fact that at least 50% of the work that’s necessary is going to be done by them and their staff as opposed to what we try to do from the industry side. There’s a lot of work to be done. But this is all good for us and it’s all going to deliver increased revenues and increased margins.
John Hammergren: I think it’s early and inappropriate for me to suggest or forecast changes to the requirements. I would say that my comments were primarily related to the industry’s requirements relative to IT suppliers to get health products certifiable. You are absolutely right that there’ a big requirement on the provider side in terms of what they have to do and frankly the providers are probably better positioned to speak for that and represent themselves in Washington. However that said, we clearly are focused on helping our customers be more successful and we have been working to make all of these regulations slightly more lenient. For example, one of the earlier drafts required that every physician for every order use electronic orders, and that’s just not feasible. It’s not practical. So things like that we’ve been able to change over time and I think we’ve been able to affect legislation. So I’m guardedly optimistic that through the comment period we’ll get some additional interpretation or perhaps a relaxation of some of this and that will help our hospital customers and physician customers get there successfully.
John Hammergren: I think we’re in constant discussion with all of our customers about their needs going forward and I think that it’s probably early to forecast what the government is likely to do in terms of vaccine for next year. But I do think that we’re well positioned should they choose to decide to have a centralized federally suggested vaccination program that we’re well positioned to assist with that. But I do think it’s premature for us to suggest that the administration and legislators are likely to pursue that. I think things will unfold as we see this season wrap itself up.
John Hammergren: I want to thank all of you on the call for your time today. Let me conclude by saying that our thoughts and prayers go out to those affected by the crisis in Haiti and I certainly want to acknowledge the many McKesson employees who have offered their assistance whether through cash donations, donations of medical supplies and pharmaceuticals to the teams that are working overtime to fulfill orders for vaccines and medicines bound for Haiti. I really want to thank all of you for that contribution.  I’ll now hand the call over to Anna for a review of our upcoming events.
Jeff Campbell: If you’ll bear with me for one second, let me answer starting at the operating margin for Distribution then I’ll come back to the gross margin. Of course we always have quarterly volatility so you know we encourage people to think about the margin on a full basis. But if you look at the operating margin for the December quarter, if you take out the year over year change in the flu profits, the operating profit margin is relatively flat and that’s because of a change this year in the timing of some of our compensation from the branded manufacturers. If you look at the full year though, for our FY10 versus FY ’09 our expectation is if you strip out in both year flu profits you would see a basis of at least a 10 basis point improvement year over year in the operating margin rate for Distribution Solutions. Now to come to your gross margin comment; it gets a little bit more judgmental at the way we adjust at the gross margin level for the flu but you’d see a pretty similar pattern. So for the December quarter your gross margin would be down a little bit but for the full year your gross margin is going to be up and once you strip the flu out, the overwhelming driver of that year over year gross margin improvement are the improved profits on generics. Because of the loss of the retail independents we experienced last year the real driver of the increased profits on generics this year comes from a combination of better compliance, better penetration amongst our existing customer base, better sourcing combined with a pretty good launch schedule this year although I would point out that this year’s launch schedule is not quite as good as last year’s.
Jeff Campbell: Let me start with what’s changed on our view of the flu now versus 90 days ago and then I’ll talk a little bit about our goal of recreating next year as much as we can of this year’s incremental profits from the flu. 90 days ago when we had our last earnings call, it was still very early on in the flu season and in fact as you recall in our September quarter our profits year over year related to the flu were pretty flat, so we were just entering the period of getting a sense of what kind of incremental demand we were going to see for everything from generic drugs related to the flu to flu test kits in our medical surgical business, the seasonal flu vaccines and then of course at that point had not finalized our contract for the amendment to our existing contract with the CDC and there was tremendous uncertainty I think it’s fair to say 90 days ago about just exactly how the Federal governments efforts to deliver H1N1 vaccines across the country would play out. So 90 days later, we not only finalized that CDC contract but we have a very clear grasp now of likely shipment volumes. We think that we’ve been through the peak of things like demand for flu test kits although I suppose we could be surprised in the next 60 days. So it’s a combination of all those things that has taken us from what was a very rough estimate 90 days ago to today when I think it’s a pretty strong read on the incremental benefit this year from all of those things we do related to the flu versus last year. So that is a long way of answering your question how we got from up to $0.20 which is what we said 90 days ago all the way up to a range of $0.35 to $0.40 now.
Jeff Campbell: Let me start with the Q4 question. I’d say really the biggest uncertainty that’s a little tricky to forecast is still the demand around the flu and so that’s probably the biggest thing that would either nudge us toward the higher end of our range or nudge towards the lower end of the range. The second comment I would make is there’s always a little bit of volatility for the modest portion of our compensation from branded manufacturers that comes through price increases and while that’s modest it’s still enough to be noticed in a quarter. Interestingly enough, year to date for our mix of products through 1231, price increases are down slightly though not by a material amount. Based on what we’ve seen so far in January I think we’ll be right in line with our guidance for the year of having price increased being pretty similar to last year. There’s always a little bit of uncertainty from that. So those are probably the two biggest things I’d say at this point in time that could drive this up or down a little bit as we go through the March quarter. As to your second question, the real biggest change on the depreciation and amortization side is that this quarter is the first quarter that we’ve begun to amortize the capitalized cost associated with our Horizon enterprise revenue management product, and so that was almost $8 million in the quarter. You’ll see now that $8 million every quarter for the few years which means that for half of this year and half of next year you’re going to see that as an increase. But the rest of the year over year change in depreciation and amortization is really just the normal increase, I guess it’s another $12 million or so, the normal increase that comes from us spending $350 million to $400 million on various kinds of capital spending each year.
Jeff Campbell: Let me back up and make sure I’m being clear. For the full year in Distribution Solutions, once you strip out the year over year impact of the flu, we’d expect our operating margin to be up at least 10 basis points for the year and a couple of moving pieces when you think about that are that we have a much more positive contribution from generics.  Our branded sell side margin is down because of the repricing and the loss of a couple of customers that we experienced last year. Our compensation from branded manufacturers is similar to up a tad year over year and then you’ve got some operating expense leverage. So those are really the four components the two biggest of which are the upside from the generics and the headwind we’ve had all year from the customer repricings and losses we experienced late in our fiscal 2009.
Jeff Campbell: Let me make sure I’ve got the questions right. I think question one was how the flu had impacted our guidance change versus 90 days ago and question two is a question on flu revenue. So assuming that’s right, if you think about the $0.10 increase in our guidance I would really say that’s two things. It’s the fact that we’re $0.15 to $0.20 more optimistic on the flu than we were 90 days ago and that’s partially offset by the fact that we a little surprised this quarter by some legal costs we incurred most of which had to do frankly with some things related to the old HPLC acquisition and amazingly enough some things related to McKesson Chemical which I believe the company sold off in 1987. We’re still dealing with some of the environmental cases. So those things along with some tax discrete items that went against us this quarter offset a little bit of that flu upside. That explains the guidance of where we were 90 days ago to today. In terms of the flu impact on revenues, that’s actually a very good question because the impact on revenues is pretty immaterial to the company. Almost everything we do with regard to the flu is much higher margin from a flu test kit to a generic drug that’s flu related to importantly the CDC contract which is a third party logistics contract where we are not taking the value of the product into our inventory so of course a third party logistics contract always has a much higher margin than our normal distribution arrangement.
