Erin Lampert: Thank you, Lisa. Good afternoon, and welcome to McKesson's Fiscal 2014 First Quarter Earnings Call. I'm joined today by John Hammergren, McKesson's Chairman and CEO. John will first provide a business update, and I will return to provide a review of the financial results for the quarter. At the conclusion of our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. We plan to end the call promptly after 1 hour at 6 p.m. Eastern Time. Before we begin, I remind listeners that during the course of this call, we will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties regarding the operations and future results of McKesson. In addition to the company's periodic, current and annual reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, please refer to the text of our press release for a discussion of the risks associated with such forward-looking statements. Finally, please note that on today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures, in which we exclude from our GAAP financial results acquisition expenses and related adjustments, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and certain litigation reserve adjustments. Consistent with the guidance we provided on May 7, we have updated our definition of adjusted earnings to exclude LIFO-related adjustments. We will discuss this update to the presentation of our adjusted earnings in more detail later in the call. We believe these non-GAAP measures will provide useful information for investors. Please refer to our press release announcing first quarter fiscal 2014 results available on our website for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP performance measures to the GAAP financial results. Thanks, and here's John Hammergren.
Erin Lampert: Sure. Well, Ricky, as we've tried to highlight on today's call, our operational assumptions for the Technology Solutions segment for the full year really remains unchanged. And what you see in the way that we've guided to our expectation to be at the upper end of our long-term margin range is a reflection of some of that change in mix that you see in the business.
Erin Lampert: Thanks, Ricky. This is Erin. So, no, when we gave guidance back on May 7, we tried to be very clear and transparent that, that original guidance range did not, in fact, include assumptions related to LIFO. So what you see in terms of the comparison of the original range, and then, of course, our updated range is an apples-to-apples comparison.
Erin Lampert: And, Bob, to address your question on D&A, on the materials that we provided today. Obviously, we've provided updated assumptions on amortization based on the acquisitions that are closed at this time. And I also provided some update, or actually talked about our full year capital spending, which is in line with our original expectations. So I think on the depreciation side, what you see our first quarter run rate is a reasonable approximation of the full year.
Erin Lampert: Thank you, John. I have a preview of an upcoming event. On November 12, we will present at the Credit Suisse Health Care Conference in Scottsdale, Arizona. We will release second quarter earnings in late October. Thank you for your attention today and goodbye.
John H. Hammergren: Well, we state our assumptions with you guys every year, annually, about our expectations for the year. And I think that most of the businesses performed in line with where we thought they were going to be. Clearly, U.S. pharma had a very strong quarter and a nice start to the year. And as we both mentioned, I think that performance was primarily driven by the performance of generics. It helped carry us above what we had expected originally and it helped us deliver a nice solid quarter.
John H. Hammergren: Well, it was really across the board. Clearly pricing played a role. But we also, I think, executed some very nice growth on our one-stop generics programs and we had some customers that were buying off of our portfolio in a more aggressive way than even we would've anticipated. So I think all in all, it was the overall generic offering that we have and benefited by some price inflation from our suppliers.
John H. Hammergren: We're continuing to make good progress on our search for a replacement for our CFO. I have to once again thank Nigel Rees for the great work he's doing as Interim CFO. He's been a long-tenured executive, 12 years with us, and we have just a terrific financial organization. As you noticed, here, we've got Erin really stepping into Jeff's shoes as it relates to this conference call and the preparation for this call. And the depth of the financial organization is really showing as we go through this period of transition. I'm hopeful that we will make quick progress on the selection of a replacement, and we'll be able to move on with the kind of quality which you've expected from us.
John H. Hammergren: Well, clearly it was a very strong start to the quarter and -- or for the quarter and the year, and we're really pleased with our results. You can see in that we've taken our guidance up for the year that we do believe that this outperformance in the quarter is not an entire pull-forward of future quarters. Having said all of that, there are 9 months left in this year and we have a significant dependence, as you know, on brand price inflation. And much of that, we anticipate, will come in the latter half of the year. So it's really too early to call success, but I think the ability for us to take the guidance up at least early in the year like we have this quarter is some indication of our view of the strength of the business.
John H. Hammergren: Well, there's really 2 questions there. One is the question of Global Sourcing and our -- the scale and buying power and the ability for the team to execute. I think, once again, the strength of our performance in generics where most of the scale -- or I should say, the scale matters most, is evidenced by the fact that we continue to execute very well there. And it really is a combination of not only important scale but the ability to be adroit in terms of opportunities and take advantage of our relationships and to build value both for our customers and our suppliers. And we've been doing the Global Sourcing thing now for a long time and have built a significant amount of expertise in it. As it relates to distribution in other markets, clearly we have done a nice job in Canada. Our position there has continued to perform well over many years. And we show evidence of our ability to manage beyond the borders of the United States. Having said that, our disciplined approach to capital deployment remains and we've built a strong track record of doing smart things with our shareholders' money. And the first thing is that things have to make financial sense and strategic sense before we move forward and we have to be able to, obviously, feel we can execute against the opportunities that are in front of us. So we think scale is important, but executable scale and a simplicity to the approach, I think, is very important.
John H. Hammergren: So just to further that, I think the -- clearly, the mix change we've experienced is an important aspect here. The business also performed very well in the first quarter, and we're pleased with the operational condition of the business, albeit it's early in the year. And then lastly, I think Erin provided pretty specific guidance related to -- that the expectation for the year is to be at the high end. So I think that the quarter's result, I wouldn't call it as a baseline, but we're clearly going to be well above where we were in prior years as a result of the transition out of these 2 businesses and the continued strength of the business. So I think we've taken it from low to mid-teens to a new range, and I think you should assume that that's the new baseline.
John H. Hammergren: Steven, we did not provide an update, but I can provide an update. I think the level of accretion we expect this year is in line with what we said at the time we did the transaction in that $0.20 to $0.25 range. Clearly, we believe there are some long-term synergies that will be available to us as we get to the outer years of these integrations. But we do believe the business is performing at or above the expectations that we had coming into this. And I also mentioned how pleased I am with the energy level in the business and how well they're performing thus far.
John H. Hammergren: Well, as you know, we sold our acute care business, Robert, some time ago and so we don't have a lot of exposure to acute care or inpatient growth rates. We increasingly have a footprint in organizations that have acute care as part of their mix, these large IDNs that are buying physicians and we're doing extremely well in maintaining and growing our physician business as those acquisitions take place by these large hospital systems. We still see growth in our alternate site markets in that 5% plus or minus kind of range. Remember, we are very well positioned in both the physician market, as well as long-term care. And I'd say exceptionally well positioned also in our Homecare businesses. And so I think we're in the right part of the market from a Medical-Surgical perspective and those businesses continue to perform in line with our expectations.
John H. Hammergren: Well, these -- the market base is extremely diverse, so you don't see a lot of trends in these businesses very easily because it takes a long time for independent customers to make enough -- enough of them to make any decisions one way or the other to affect sort of the underlying share statistics. Having said all of that, we continue to evolve our programs and focus on adding a significant amount of value to our existing relationships and to provide a platform that really is attractive to our customers where they know they can have a long-term partner that's focused to work alongside them to improve their performance on many different dimensions, not just the cost of distribution but the profitability of their stores. So I think we're very well positioned to continue to grow nicely in the independent space, and obviously, a lot of that is just continuing to earn the privilege of serving our customers in a broader context.
John H. Hammergren: Well, I think the branded portion of our profit has remained relatively in line with where we expected it to be, slightly -- maybe slightly ahead. But clearly, we've a lot of year left as it relates to those branded relationships and how we're paid in this. I might remind those of you that are sort of new to this, those relationships are kind of predetermined and so the issue is really around the timing associated with those value-creating events of prices with branded manufacturers. On the generics side, we did have very strong performance in our portfolio in the quarter. And to your point, I think it's a little bit premature to call any of the things that we saw from an upside perspective on -- as a trend change. Clearly, our business operations, I think, you can count on continuing to be there and then hopefully we'll continue to have momentum in the way we execute on our generic opportunities. However, on the brand side, we are a little dependent on how those -- excuse me, on the price side, we're a little bit dependent on how those generic manufacturers behave over time, and I think it's really too early to make an industry call relative to trends.
John H. Hammergren: Well, clearly we see the same stresses on our customer base as exhibited in the entire industry. We are very concerned about the reimbursement pressure that our oncologists are facing and, clearly, we are heavily engaged to make sure that we speak on their behalf and on our behalf to make sure that the reimbursement that goes on in that marketplace stays where it needs to stay and that they're adequately paid for the services they provide. We believe community oncology still provides the lowest cost and best quality alternative in the marketplace. As to our business, I can't really speak for the whole industry. Clearly, the minor variations that may exist relative to reimbursement are really covered in the guidance range that we provided. So we don't think that we will experience something driven by reimbursement alone that will cause us to fall outside of the guidance that we've provided, and so relatively nominal effects, as it relates to what we're trying to do overall. And last I would say that our business model is quite different than our competitors in this marketplace. And you'll notice a pattern here in all of our discussions in our attempt to add value to our relationships in a way that's difficult to price-compete against. And when we're thinking about the total value we can deliver to oncologists in this country, it really is unmatched in that we can help them on almost every dimension of their practice. Including expanding into radiology and other types of service offerings, clearly helping them with getting on the contracts with the payors, helping to become more productive and efficient. All of those things really allow us to have a conversation with a customers that's in significant stress about how they might partner with McKesson to improve their performance. So I do think the market trend may be slightly stressed as a result of reimbursement changes. Clearly, our customers are feeling it. But if we do this properly, McKesson will provide a great vehicle to help them out of the challenge that they face and that we face together.
John H. Hammergren: Well, let me take the Celesio part of that question, then Erin can address the first part of your question. I think that you never know what goes on in the media, particularly in Europe. I'm not that familiar with how these bankers get engaged, and what they might say or might not say and why they would say them or not say them. We've seen noise in these markets before and speculation before, and you just don't know what the motives might be and what's real and what's not real. Clearly, the concern as a shareholder at McKesson, people should have is does that company have the proper scale to compete, do we have the proven track record to use that scale in a way that gives us the best value of delivery to our customers and to the manufacturers we partner with and are we doing it in a way that is intelligent use of the capital that's been entrusted to us by our shareholders? So I think that international expansion clearly can provide scale on some dimensions. The question is it scale that's actionable, can you do something with that buying power? Is it really truly in the control of the distributor and what capital do you have to deploy to do it, and what is it -- how does it translate into a synergy that's worth buying when you add additional complexity. So what you should take away from this, frankly, is we're not closed to any ideas. Our job is to evaluate ideas, including M&A ideas, in a very aggressive and intelligent way. At the same time, you should take away from this, we're not going to be chasing something that somebody else has done or thinks is a good idea, or chasing investment bankers and media on opportunities that we have not clearly determined are in our best interest. So I would dismiss what's in the media just from a standpoint of you just never know where it's headed and why.
John H. Hammergren: Well, clearly, I think the business is able to focus more in the new portfolio and the way the portfolio has been organized. And clearly, the financial condition of the business is -- and its improvement is more apparent as it relates to what we reported in the quarter. We are pleased with the progress at Paragon with the general availability of several of their new modules and that did allow us to, frankly, recognize some revenue that may be slightly pulled forward from the rest of the year's expectation. But I think that we're really -- we're pleased with the progress. And probably as important, as you know, Paragon had commitments to customers related to future delivery and in many ways, evidence of the ability to us -- for us to develop our way to a complete offering that can compete in the marketplace. And this is additional evidence of the development teams' expertise at Paragon and our ability to hit those requirements. So I am pleased with the condition of the business.
John H. Hammergren: We have a very strong long-term relationship with one of the consolidators that was talked about in the quarter, and that's Loblaws. We are the distributor partner for them. And so watching our partners grow is a positive thing for us. Consolidation carries an opportunity and also carries a threat. The threat is that you've got to continue to be refined in your approach and cost effective and add tremendous value as your customers get more and more scale. But on the other hand, it also provides an opportunity for us to bring expertise in a wider-ranging array of abilities across a stronger, or bigger footprint that our customers may be accumulating or amassing. So I think we've done well in worlds that are consolidating in both the U.S. and Canada.
