Brian Tyler: Great question. I'll let me kick it off first. I'd say we continue to be pleased with the performance of this business. And we've got revenue growth of 9% year-over-year, AOP growth of 7% this year. Last two years have been particularly strong for this business. And what you find is as you continue to add capabilities into this business, we find opportunities for new ideas, new invention, reinvention, sometimes reprioritization of the projects. But we shared at Investor Day, we think this is a $15 billion-plus market opportunity in access affordability and adherence. And we see a relatively long runway and we feel pretty confident in our 11% target growth for this segment. Now there are things that naturally happen in this business that may make it. I think your word was lumpy. Maybe that was our word. It became your word. Things like the recovery pace of underlying prescription volumes. The commercial success of some of the projects we partner with as they underachieve or overachieve their expectations, loss of exclusivity events. Our investments, I mean, we've made significant investments in this business over the last three years. We see continued opportunity to do that and that's not always completely smooth. I mean, the nature of those opportunities is going to be variable.  Our process is to make sure that we've got disciplined line of sight, financial expectations and that those are prudent and good investments to make to sustain the growth in this segment long term.
Brian Tyler: Sure. Look, we were obviously -- I think last quarter, we shared we had a binding LOI with CVS. We've just finalized that contract work, Lisa. We've been partnering with CVS for a long time. We're incredibly proud to support the work they do and be affiliated with them. I would not say that the services that we're providing has materially changed. And so, we're thrilled to have the opportunity to extend that to 2027. In terms of oncology, I mean, we call it an ecosystem because we think it all sort of reinforces each other. So, as we do things like bring practices into the network, that gives us more access to data, which supports oncology. It gives us more purchasing power and it supports our GPO business.  And so, we've been really pleased with the progression in the oncology business and our ability to scale out in each of those dimensions. But each piece does help to reinforce the other piece. And we continue to think oncology is a very large market opportunity, in excess of $50 billion, and that we have the assets that position us quite well to succeed in the long term here.
Brian Tyler: Yes. I mean, the macro backdrop remains a bit dynamic, right? We've got China open, China closed, inflation, obviously, workforce dynamics we've dealt with. We've successfully, I think, contemplated that in our FY '23 guidance. Did not really assume any material impact and I think it's played out that way, and we'll be thoughtful about those as we go into '24 as well.
Brian Tyler: Well, oncology is clearly one of the key growth priorities we've identified for the company and talked a lot about over the last years. And there are various capabilities within our oncology ecosystem, distribution as an anchor, GPO as an anchor, our practice management business you saw on clearly important and the innovation we've done around Ontada and the most recent addition of Genospace and the Sarah Cannon joint venture. So, we think all of these things sort of add to our differentiation, add to the attractiveness of McKesson as a service provider and a partner in this area. We've been really happy to be continuing to add to the growth of the US Oncology Network. We do it in a very disciplined way.  We have a model that works for us and any acquired practices need to be able to operate consistent within that model. But it's clearly our actions this last quarter indicate, we have opportunities to continue to grow and expand. And we think that, that's part of our model and we expect that we can continue that into the future.
Brian Tyler: Well, I would start by saying that the contributions from biosimilars has been increasing over the past years. We do think the pipeline holds a lot of promise. It continues to strengthen, and we think this could be a long-term opportunity really exists in front of us. I mean to date, there's 40 approved biosimilars, 25 launched, I guess, maybe 26 because if you count today's news on HUMIRA. And the impact of those are going to really be dependent on the rates of adoption, things like the interchangeability. For us, clearly, the channel will matter. Part B is we have more services to offer and more support we can provide to those biosimilars in Part B, Part D will be less impactful. But I think we continue to look at the majority of the opportunity being ahead of us. I do think this market is still young, and I think as people get more experience with biosimilars, we would be hopeful that adoption rates would continue to accelerate. But it depends on things like pricing strategies that the innovator adopts and the biosimilar comes to market with. So, there's a lot of dynamics that I think are still playing out like they always do in a young market. But we're in the very early days, and we believe biosimilars will be good for our business model going forward. Okay. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining our call this evening. Appreciate, as always, the thoughtful questions. I want to thank Carrie, our operator, for facilitating this call. Let me just wrap up by saying McKesson delivered really good third quarter results. And it's really driven by the continued momentum in our underlying business. I'm confident in our ability to consistently execute on our company priorities and drive sustainable long-term growth as a diversified health care services company. None of this is possible without Team McKesson, so I'd like to thank everyone for their dedication, for the big and small actions they take every day to help our customers, our partners and our patients. I'm proud to be a member of and the leader of Team McKesson. Thanks again, everyone, for joining our call. I hope you all have a great evening.
Britt Vitalone: And Mike, maybe what I would add is while we have seen a little bit of variability quarter-to-quarter, one of the things that is just inherent in this business and we talked about this is the annual customer verification process that we do for a lot of our customers, and that usually happens in the fourth quarter.  What I would say, though, is that what we are pleased with, if you go back to the guidance that we gave you at the beginning of the year in May, 14% to 20%. The guidance that we're giving you now to finish the year is really within the balance of that guidance. It's been, as I said, a little bit of variable quarter-to-quarter, but it's really in line with the guidance that we gave at the beginning of the year. And we're really pleased that while we've been investing in this business, both organically and through M&A, that we're seeing this business develop above the long-term target rates that we gave you at Investor Day.  So while we've seen a little bit of -- a little more variability this year quarter-to-quarter than we may have seen historically, when you look at it on an annual basis and you look at it over the long term, which is how we manage the business, we're seeing this above the long-term target rates that we gave and really in line with the initial guidance we gave at the beginning of the year.
Britt Vitalone: And Lisa, maybe what I would add, what we've done over the last year or two through the development of Ontada, through the partnerships with Sarah Cannon Research Institute and Genospace, we're moving up the value chain. And so, we're leveraging the scale that we have in The US Oncology Network, the distribution scale, the GPO scale that Brian just talked about. We're adding more practices as Brian referenced earlier. And by moving up the value chain with more scale, we're very optimistic that, that's going to add to margin over the coming years.
Britt Vitalone: Thanks for the question, Eric. I tried to address a little of that in my comments but maybe I can capture it here. I think there's really a handful of items that we think could be impactful as we go forward. Clearly, we talked about the stabilization of prescription transactions and patient mobility and utilization seems to be quite stable. We saw prescription volume growth of about -- roughly about 5% in our third quarter, so that seems to be in line with what we've seen in the last few quarters. Certainly, biosimilar acceleration. We're going to see more biosimilars coming to market. We've got just over two dozen that are on the market today and more are coming. Some recent announcements certainly back that up. I'd say the timing and size of the growth investments that we make and really the timing of our integration, some of the acquisitions that we made, we think could be very impactful in a positive way. And then I think there are a handful of other items. The trajectory of COVID, we think that, that's going to go into the commercial pipeline here in 2023. Our contract goes through July of 2023. It doesn't mean that those services and products are going to go away.  So, the pace and trajectory of that will certainly be impactful. And we have a very strong balance sheet. We expect to continue to deploy that balance sheet in a very capital-accretive way, whether that's returning to shareholders or, as you've seen us do here recently, more towards acquisitions that are right on strategy. And clearly, we had the opportunity to invest organically as well. So, there's a lot of really positive things that are going on. There are some things that could go the other way in terms of trajectory of COVID as an example. But we feel like we're really well positioned against all of those items.
Britt Vitalone: Yes. I would say that in the quarter, we identified that we had some strength in some of our sourcing programs, and that's really what drove above the trend that we've been seeing for the last really several years now. At our Investor Day, we talked about a long-term target rate of around 10%. We certainly are growing a little bit faster than that this year. Certainly, the volumes have been strong. And obviously, the sourcing programs were really a good contributor in the quarter. I think as you think about going forward, clearly, we've given the guidance for '23. But I would anchor you around the long-term growth rates that we've seen now really for the last three to four years. Those are good growth rates. They are good margins within this business. And we think that the Primary Care business is really going to be supportive of that 10% growth rate going forward.
Britt Vitalone: Yes. Thanks, George. So, we did raise the guidance for the full year to 7% to 9%, excluding COVID-related items, and we're very pleased with the performance of the segment. As I talked about in my comments, there's really a number of factors here. We've got stable prescription utilization. As I mentioned, we saw -- we're seeing about 5% based on IQVIA data in the third quarter. We're certainly seeing strength in our oncology platform. I think we just talked about some of the factors that are driving that. We're adding practices and we're certainly moving up the value chain from that perspective. And we're seeing growth, really stable growth in specialty providers as well as in health systems. And so, all of those things are performing quite well. And that's also why I talked about that we're expecting now that we're going to grow faster than long-term target growth rate that we gave you at Investor Day and that we've reaffirmed in previous quarters. So, I think all of those things are really positive contributors. And that's why we're seeing faster growth than we would expect, faster than the 4% long-term target growth rate that we gave you previously.
Britt Vitalone: As we've talked about previously, this has been a stronger flu season that we've seen historically. It really started in our first quarter. We talked about in our first quarter that there was an extension of the illness season from our fiscal 2022. It's not a material driver to the enterprise. It certainly does drive more visits. We're seeing that the illness season is driving not only vaccines and test flu test kits but also some combo kits, which is -- which started last year.  So, it's not a material driver to the enterprise. It certainly does drive more foot traffic and that certainly is beneficial to other products and services that we have, not only in Medical but in Pharma.
