BrittVitalone: Yes, Brian, thanks for that question. No, I would remind you that this is our first quarter, and we had a very strong first quarter. We're still in an evolving environment; we're very encouraged by the utilization trends and the improvement that we're seeing, as we think about our US Pharmaceutical business. Our growth, as I mentioned in my remarks was driven in large part by the growth of our largest customers. So that does impact the mix. And it certainly impacted the mix in the first quarter. In our RxTS business, we have very healthy growth, as I mentioned across all of our different capabilities and some of the growth that we're seeing in that business there. Again, mix impacted by some of our 3PL growth, we're very encouraged by the growth of our access and adherence solutions, particularly our AMP product. But I think as you think about this, it is really a reflection of the first quarter. It's a reflection of the continued improvement in utilization. And it's a reflection of some mix within some of our segments.
BrittVitalone: Maybe I would just add that I think the balance of our customers and the channels that we serve, and what we're seeing in those various channels is reflected in the guidance that we gave you a 5% to 8% operating profit growth. So all of the channels are recovering. They're recovering, as Brian mentioned in line with our expectations, and they're all contributing to that overall core operating profit growth. 
BrittVitalone: And Lisa, I just add on that we're really pleased with the development of biosimilars are really adding to the operating profit growth in the segment. It's growing. Over time, we think that it will continue to grow. And the channel matters where we have more services to provide. As Brian mentioned, GPO services, a good example of that, certainly is more profitable for us and we'll see higher adoption rates, the adoption rates continue to build. And that I think is reflective of the growing operating profit contribution that we're seeing from biosimilars. But we do think longer term, there's a larger opportunity.
BrittVitalone: Yes, thank you for that question. Maybe I'll just start with, as you look at some of our macro assumptions, we talked about these in May, that we assumed that we would continue to see growing patient activity and prescription volumes, we saw that in the first quarter. And so that was in line with our expectations, we see that continuing to build and continuing to improve. And so just from a very macro utilization perspective, we're seeing improvement that we expected to see where we're seeing it on the trajectory that we expected to see. And so we're very encouraged by that. Our businesses, each of our segments had very strong performance. And so we're very encouraged by that. It is our first quarter; certainly utilization will continue to evolve over the rest of the year. But we're very encouraged by that, the strong operating performance, the utilization that we're seeing; the patient activity that we're seeing, we expect that will continue along lines that we thought it would certainly the vaccine distribution and kitting program continues to evolve, and it was a little bit higher than we had anticipated. We've increased the guide for that, generally speaking, utilization is strong. It's in line with what our expectations were. And we expect that will continue through the remainder of the year. And you'd ask the question on tax. The one thing that I will remind you on taxes, we don't guide tax by quarter, we guide you on an annual basis. We did not change our guidance for the full year effective tax rate. And I think if you look over the last few years, the annual guidance around the tax rate that we've given is pretty much been in line with the original guide.
BrittVitalone: Well, let me start, appreciate the question and maybe phrase it a little bit differently. We don't provide conservative guidance, as we provide guidance is based on what we see in our markets and what we're seeing within our businesses. I would remind you that when we gave you our guidance, one of the things that we talked about is that the markets that we operate in had not fully recovered. And so we're coming off a year of one of the most dynamic environments that we've ever operated in. And when we provided that guidance, we were very clear that our market had not fully recovered. We expected that they would, but certainly it was going to evolve over time. Our businesses continue to operate at a very high level. And I think you saw that in the performance this quarter. We're very encouraged by the utilization trends that we see. We're very encouraged by the performance that each of the businesses has shown. And we're seeing really good reaction and response to a lot of the products that we have, it's specifically in the RxTS business as an example. So I think what you're seeing is an environment that is continuing to recover, not necessarily on an even basis over the last year and a half in a business that is performing very well in those situations.
BrittVitalone: Thank you for your question. I'll give you one example in a medical business as an example. What we saw in the June quarter was that primary care patient visits improved from the fourth quarter, back to about 95% in pre COVID level. So continuing to see the improvement but not back at pre COVID level. So when we speak about utilization, we are seeing pre COVID levels for oncology and for specialty. We're not seeing that quite yet for primary care patient visits as an example, continuing to improve on the trajectory that we laid out in our earnings call that we had expected. But that's one example, for our business that is perhaps a little bit different.
BrianTyler: Thank you for the questions. Maybe I'll start, I mea if you wind the clock back to almost a decade ago, when we expanded into Europe. I think there were multiple elements for the company to strategically go to Europe, one of them; one of many was the opportunity to make sure we stayed leading in our generics procurement capabilities and scale. I think over the last years, we continue to invest in that capability. We have a very successful partnership in ClarusONE and we're very confident that we have not just the scale but also the procurement expertise. And then we have a very contemporary generic procurement operation that will continue to be a leading generic operation after the divestiture of the European assets that we've discussed. So we're quite confident in our -- the productivity and the yield results we see from ClarusONE and we believe that will continue to be the case into the future.
BrianTyler: Sure, Michael, start with a couple of comments. So first off, we are pleased at the trajectory of the recovery that we have seen. And we, it's been more or less in alignment with the expectations we set out at the beginning of the year. And I think it's not just isolated to a particular segment. I think if you look at the market overall, we continue to see really through the first quarter, steady progression along the trend line that we signaled we thought would be the case. So we're very, we continue to be encouraged by that; we continue to think that we will reach full recovery, meaning pre COVID levels in the second half of our fiscal year, obviously we tracked the trends regularly. If we saw something that would cause us to deviate from that we would be sure to share it with you. But right at this point in time, the recovery has been more or less in line with how we thought. We're very pleased about that and we expect that we will get to the full recovery in the second half of this fiscal year.
BrianTyler: Thank you for the question, Lisa. I'll maybe start with biosimilars, and then round into the oncology question. I mean biosimilars we think we are very well positioned, given our strength in the specialty business and including the oncology elements of that. It's still from our perspective is fairly early days, there's just under a dozen in the marketplace today, we think the pipeline does look good and that given the assets we have in oncology and biopharma and our footprint in the specialty space, we will benefit from that and we have seen a growing impact of biosimilars over the last several quarters. As it relates to oncology, we use the word ecosystem. And that's really just to try to introduce this notion that there are many assets that McKesson has that relate to our oncology businesses, whether it's just distribution, specialty distribution, GPOs, health economics outcome research, the latest addition to that portfolio of assets is the data and insights business that we call Ontada. And when we think of the oncology ecosystem, we think of these as all kind of self reinforcing and adding momentum to each other. We add providers that add scale to GPO that adds more customers and data to Ontada, as Ontada matures, as partnerships expand and we get more insights, we funnel that back a to provider which makes us a more attractive solution provider to them. So that's really how we're thinking about it. It's each into themselves is a good business, we think, but together we think there's real differentiation and strength.
BrianTyler: Thank you, Ricky. I think there's lots of interest in data and insights and understanding patient and provider behavior as relates to these oncolytics. Our primary focus in Ontada is really to leverage the data and the working relationships and the scale of our physician relationships, to generate insights that help the development, the discovery, and ultimately the launch and adoption of oncology products. And likewise, to take the early lessons we get in the research and the development and launch planning around these products to ensure that providers are most able to react, adopt and get great patient outcomes from that. So we see it as a very virtuous cycle really anchored in provider and in the biopharma companies. But there may be several other interested parties in the data insights that we can generate. And that's something that certainly consider as the business matures.
