James A. Beer: Well, obviously a few factors driving the quarterization of the fiscal 2018 guide, in particular, Q1 was impacted by that lapping effect of last year's activity, enhanced pricing activity around the independent pharmacy space, and then also, as we had assumed going into the fiscal year, we did see lesser brand manufacturer price increase activity than we've seen in some other years. And also made note at the start of my remarks, as to in Q1 in particular, there were two contracts with the manufacturers as we went through our renewal process, that is focusing our activity on the relevant economics for each of the five categories of our work, that both John and I referred to, namely the brand, generic, specialty, biosimilar and OTC, but also those renewals focused on our interest in seeing less variability to the branded manufacturer pricing actions. Of course, we don't take those decisions, so it's helpful for us to have a little less variability to pricing. And so that issue in particular, those two contract renewals did have an impact on Q1 and there will be a beneficial impact later in the year. Not surprisingly, we always see Q4 as the strongest of the quarters, given that that is traditionally when branded manufacturers take the majority of their price increases. And then the other factors to really think through is, as the year proceeds, we'll continue to see nice organic growth across the businesses and also, obviously, we invested substantially in acquisitions over the last 12 to 18 months. So, as those new parts of our company progress against their business cases, I'm expecting that we'll see additional earnings benefits from them as the year progresses.
James A. Beer: And while we don't look at this in our business cases that underpin the acquisitions themselves, I've been pleased so far with the opportunities that are starting to evolve for groups like CoverMyMeds to work with other parts of our business, Relay Pharmacy for example on the Rexall side, the discussions that are really ongoing now with other parts of retail across our organization. So that's not a short-term synergy opportunity. It's not something that's part of the business case, but I'm encouraged that there's quite an opportunity I think over the longer-term for us to really benefit from this portfolio of assets that we've built up over the years.
James A. Beer: And perhaps just to add on to that from a more technical perspective, as we look at the economic drivers of our results, our ability to flow through effectively on the generic side in this deflationary type environment has net-net been supportive to our results.
James A. Beer: Well, I would say that there are more variables that are at play; it's really the combination of the opportunity for organic growth right across the businesses, as well as the impact of acquisitions. And then obviously, we've discussed the ebbing of this lapping effect around sell-side independent pharmacy space. In terms of the expense side of the ledger, we've talked about how we've been looking to invest some in expenses, particularly focused around information technology investments in the coming year. On the other side of the coin, one of the attributes that I was very pleased about in terms of the U.S. Pharma, our performance in Q1 was the productivity efficiency that they were generating out of that part of the business as a result of our ongoing capital expenditure investments and other process improvements that they've made in that business. So we'll continue to invest in process improvements that we think can improve the competitiveness of our cost structure that will take some incremental expense in the short run, and we think that that will be worth it in the longer run.
James A. Beer: Well, we don't bring that out specifically, but obviously those acquisitions are going to build gradually, so I wouldn't want to overstate the impact of those acquisitions in the first year or so. When we've announced acquisitions like CoverMyMeds for example, we noted that come year three, we'd be driving between $0.30-$0.40 of accretion from that acquisition. But that builds gradually particularly in that first year, where oftentimes there is some additional investment spending that goes into the equation for us to be able to really drive that accretion in the second year and third year and so forth.
James A. Beer: Well, another item that is relevant on the expense side of the ledger is obviously, that we've reset our assumptions around various variable compensation programs, and so forth. So that becomes an element of the equation and in certain of our geographies, there were some additional expense resets around salaries and so forth. So, a variety of different factors, but overall, we feel comfortable with the level of spend, as I say, the focus on the investments to drive down expenses over time and right across the management team, we're very focused on improving our spend performance quarter by quarter.
James A. Beer: Well, on the generic manufacturer side of things, we went into the year assuming a very nominal benefit from those molecules where we would be seeing price inflation and that's very much as things are playing out, very limited effects there. On the broader generic molecule spectrum, we've been talking earlier in one of our responses about the deflation environment, and net-net, I observed that for our sourcing capacities, or our in-house capabilities as such that we see this environment as a net driver of our overall economic, so we're happy with the situation there. In terms of the FDA and there a part to drive more approvals and therefore potentially put greater numbers of manufacturers into a specific molecule, obviously, you've got an overall supply-demand balancing equation there that will impact the pricing environment net-net, it is a generic type marketplace after all. But I would just offer also that in some of those circumstances the FDA is focused on a molecule where there's any one manufacturer today, and so they're interested in having two or three manufacturers and that can actually provide a helpful environment again for our sourcing capabilities to be able to drive better value for our customers.
James A. Beer: Well, I think it's fair to say that, as John was alluding to, these figures were very much in line with our plan and so, as we're bringing on acquisitions in the year-over-year expense base, you're obviously going to see step function increases commensurate with bringing on those acquired expense basis. So I would again rest assure that we'll continue our ongoing focus on cost management, but directionally, yes, you'll see some step function increases as the likes of Rexall come into the P&L for example.
James A. Beer: Yeah. I don't have that for you on this call. We would certainly think through how we might articulate that effect going forward.
James A. Beer: In terms of the cadence, you're right, I would expect that to build profit contribution as the quarters of the year go by, and obviously, in the last few months, we've really just been getting started and we're very pleased with the momentum that, that team is building around sourcing results. So, yeah, I'd be absolutely looking for a steady build as the year goes along.
James A. Beer: Well, I won't be able to get into the specifics of these two particular contracts with some of the larger manufacturers, but it did create in essence a headwind for Q1 and we would look for a smoother introduction of contribution for us in the quarters remaining in the year, Q2 through Q4. So, in the net result, which we're pleased about is less variability around a manufacturer's pricing actions. Obviously we don't take those decisions. So, we're interested in smoothing out the impact on our P&L from the actions of others.
James A. Beer: So the business you're referring to is the coming together of three previous sub-businesses if you will. One that focuses historically on distributing technologies to pharmacists to help them manage their business, then the Relay Pharmacy business, which is a switch business, across which so many transactions between the pharmacy and the payer move, and then also the new acquisition of CoverMyMeds. So, I was alluding, earlier in one of my answers, to the opportunities that we're seeing for new improvements across these businesses and I'm pleased that we've been able to bring them together under a single preservant to really drive the full opportunities that we think these assets provide. I think they can be higher growth. John mentioned, they're higher margin, so there will be a particular focus on these businesses going forward.
James A. Beer: Yeah. I'd say the contribution from our branded manufacturer partners is still around 90% on a fixed type basis around 10 points of it coming from more variable measures around price increases, so the manufacturers take. In terms of what's going on around the branded manufacturer pricing environment, we are seeing little bit less of a frequency, it's fair to say, but also as we said in our text, the mix of which manufacturers take the price increases is important to our economics, because obviously we have a blend of contract structures some are entirely fixed and others offer us a portion of the economics that we can earn as a result of a price increase activity.
John H. Hammergren: Thanks for the question, Lisa. I think at the time that we talked about this unusual activity in the prior year, during the prior year, I made the comment that we had – we don't see that type of activity frequently, and when we've seen it in the past, it tended to stabilize or revert back to competitive, but less variable over time. And I think that, that prognosis or forecast in terms of where we thought things would go has proven to be accurate, and obviously, things can change at any point in time, but I would say that we've gone back to an environment which is competitive, but certainly not out of line with the kind of competitive activity that we would have typically seen prior to fiscal 2017. So I would say that that's the best way I could characterize it, is it's back to competitive and less variable.
John H. Hammergren: Well, I think it's fair to say that when we had our guidance discussion at the end of our fiscal year and again at our Analyst Meeting, we talked very specifically about how we saw the year playing out and I guess what we're seeing today is it's playing out as we had anticipated it would play out. We may not have done an effective job of messaging it to you given where the Street has been in the quarter, but clearly it's in line with our expectations and we typically have pretty good visibility throughout the year. And as James mentioned, if you think about our renewal cycle of both with our customers and our large manufacturing partners, you can clearly see how the changes in those relationships will be reflected in future financial results. And so, I would say, on those dimensions, clearly we have better visibility and perhaps less variability than we would have had in an environment where we were more dependent on price increases as a piece of our business model. Clearly, we can't entirely forecast acquisitions with 100% certainty, but we have a pretty good track record of getting the synergies out of the capital we deploy and giving the returns to our investors that are appropriate given the risk that we take and the other alternatives like buying our stock back. So, if you believe the three principle drivers are the sort of the calenderization of our earnings with manufacturers, the impact of acquisitions as they get closed and integrated, and things like NorthStar, our private label products and the higher growth and our higher margin businesses frankly, we can see that with pretty good, accuracy. So, I think that we would not have confirmed our guidance here and the raise, as James mentioned, was related to the share repurchases. We would not have done that, if we didn't believe that it was an accurate representation of our belief going forward.
John H. Hammergren: Right. I think that as I said earlier, we have a pretty good track record in realizing the synergies that we forecast and I would say that we're generally in line on these acquisitions in terms of their performance. Biologics might be performing slightly ahead of its acquisition case and we've been very pleased with that acquisition, and Rexall is really in line with this – I'd say a little bit newer than Biologics is. And then the rest of our acquisitions like CoverMyMeds, et cetera, are all performing at or above our expectations. So, I'm quite pleased with not only the performance financially, but the strategic position that these acquisitions put us in. As you can imagine, we are investing in higher margin businesses in the case of Biologics and CoverMyMeds, et cetera, and we're investing in businesses that in the case of Rexall that are not only higher margin, but they're also allowing us to have more control over the selection of product, and that control allows us to deliver more value to the manufacturers that we do business with. And so, it's part of a long-term strategy, frankly, on both of those fronts to be more exposed to specialty, because of its higher growth and be more meaningful to manufacturers. James, you might have something to add.
John H. Hammergren: And I also mentioned, Ross, in my comments about Med-Surg and our exposure to laboratory and our entrance into the lab business, principally in the physician space, but also in the smaller hospitals where they've been underserved from a laboratory supply perspective, and that business is growing nicely for us and it's higher margin and higher growth than the baseline businesses. So, we think we're well positioned.
John H. Hammergren: First, thanks for the compliment, and we appreciate the fact that we've represented good stewards of capital, and that we have a track record of executing. And clearly, if you overpay, there's no ability to create value and so, that discipline upfront is extremely important. But, I'd say, as evidenced by the frequency of our acquisitions in the last year and already into this year, you can see we find creative spots to deploy capital and to your point about sort of innovation and creativity, we're typically not (35:51), that are all chasing the deal or chasing an opportunity. We have our teams focused on building relationships with potential sellers long before they're interested in selling, and then we create a positive environment for those transactions to be completed. And for their teams to continue to come to McKesson and deliver not only value to us, but careers for themselves, and that combination makes us an attractive partner. When many times these companies are privately owned or certainly heavily influenced by the entrepreneurs that may own them, we're a good place for people to continue to grow and develop and be rewarded for their performance. And I think that makes us a preferred alternative in many cases. So, obviously, when multiples start to trade up, it makes it more difficult, but we're patient, and we'll wait for the right opportunities.
John H. Hammergren: Well, I think it's a good question and a complex question. I would say that as a backdrop, I believe that the large buyers of generics are relatively comparable in terms of what we're attempting to do, and the results that we're achieving. I would say that clearly incremental volume plays a role in all of this, but I think that the difference between any of us at any one time is not significant, and I think McKesson and certain molecules with certain manufacturers would be superior and in other cases, others may beat us. But if you put it all together as a basket, I'm pretty confident we buy as well as anyone. As it relates to the deflation environment related to our activity in the procurement side, clearly we're trying to get the best deal we possible can for ourselves and for our customers, and we want to make sure that our customers are receiving a competitive price for the service and value that we deliver including the product price. Having said all of that, the deflation that occurs through better sourcing is not an automatic pass-through into the marketplace. We want to make sure we are competitive, but at the same time, obviously the investment to create a ClarusONE needs to be appropriately funded, and provide us the appropriate returns. And so we're focused on making sure that we are responsible for returning to our investors against those investments and that'll continue to be our focus. So, I think we're optimistic that our procurement activity will continue to be best-in-class and we will continue to add capabilities there over time and maybe new product categories and obviously new customers et cetera, but I feel pretty comfortable we're managing it appropriately.
John H. Hammergren: Well, clearly, we're pleased for both Walgreens and Rite Aid, that they've been able to find a new deal that they believe, they'll be successful with and obviously, we're also pleased that that new deal has some remainder of Rite Aid, not only the corporate side of the entity of Rite Aid, but certainly a large portion of their stores that will remain. And that we've been a long-term valued partner with Rite Aid. And I certainly would hope and expect that relationship would continue. Clearly, the economics for both Rite Aid and McKesson change with their smaller enterprise and we've attempted to reflect to you, what the full enterprise is worth to us, in terms of revenue and earnings. So, at least you have some boundaries as to how valuable the business is to us, and what it might be to us going forward as you describe. So, I think we believe, we can compete very well with anything that our competitors would provide, and we compete very well with anything that our other sourcing entities can provide from a value perspective, and we're hopeful that we'll continue a long-term relationship with Rite Aid well past the transaction with Walgreens.
John H. Hammergren: And I'd also say, Robert, the spend level in the quarter was not something that was a surprise to us. It was factored into our planning when we gave you the full-year guidance. So, I would say that the way the P&L has played out for us in the quarter is in line with what we expected it to be when we gave you the original guidance months ago and that's only the additional cover I give you. It may be surprising to you, but we had factored this in because we could see the investment in the mix changes and the acquisitions et cetera, as we looked at the quarter.
John H. Hammergren: And I think also, Ricky, one of the challenges from the P&L perspective is that the incremental profit delivered by the acquisitions even in the first order before we realized the synergies was vastly offset by the year-over-year lapping problem that James mentioned earlier related to independent price effects in the prior year. So when you think about why didn't we see a margin lift in terms of the acquisitions and all we saw was the expense lift is, because the margin lift from the acquisitions could easily be offset by the two dimensions that James mentioned. One is the lapping effect of independent pricing last year, and the effect of our continued work from the manufacturer contracting perspective that we talked about previously.
John H. Hammergren: It's difficult for me to perhaps articulate what opportunities would be in front of us like Clarus, because we have a partner there that needs to engage in that opportunity as well. So I'm not speaking that behalf of Walmart. But if you wanted to look at opportunities, you certainly could think about everything that a Walmart store in the U.S. purchases today, and think about what McKesson would also be purchasing for our clients and non-Walmart clients, and all of those would provide opportunities for us to move them to ClarusONE in a way that would be perhaps productive for both companies and our combined customers. I would also say that ClarusONE is specifically focused on U.S. so there might be other U.S. Walmart opportunities as well as global opportunities that both companies could bring together. And last, I would say on the medical side, we clearly are heavily focused on our medical business in private label and our global sourcing activity, which is outside of ClarusONE has been very effective at driving value for us on the medical products that are typically used in the alternate site settings that we focus on. And that, I consider that separate and distinct for medical products that are sold at retail pharmacies like over-the-counter items, which would be closer to home to Clarus, but both are opportunities for us.
John H. Hammergren: Yeah. I think that's absolutely accurate, and once again, we had anticipated the outcome of these relationship changes when we provided the original guidance, and I think if there's a reflection on the disconnect, it really is our ability to articulate what we were doing in our business. At the two major points, we had an opportunity to articulate them apparently, was not as clear as it could have been and that's why you guys look at this quarter and say, gee, it seems odd compared to what we expected. But I want to once again confirm and reaffirm what James said is that it's certainly in line with what we expected and we expect that the following three quarters will be in line with what we expect as well.
John H. Hammergren: Thanks for the question. Clearly, we're pleased with the growth of our U.S. Pharmaceutical business and our position in the marketplace. As we've said in the past, we typically focus on gaining share of wallet within our existing customers where they're buying product that they're not buying from us or in some cases, entering product categories or expanding their presence in categories where both of us are finding incremental revenues. I think clearly there's just flat out market growth. So, I would not – I don't think our revenue growth in our business is that far outside of what the market is growing, if you think about specialty and just straight out demographics. So I think that clearly whatever price happens in the market flows through our business, and the volumes are probably pretty typical with what the volumes are from a growth perspective at a baseline.
John H. Hammergren: But as it relates to the change period-over-period, the biggest change is the movement of CoverMyMeds into McKesson and the movement out of MTS of our Relay Pharmacy business, and these businesses will carry a higher expense rate as it relates to revenue, but they carry a much higher margin as well, and once again, the margin impact to the segment was probably muted by the year-over-year lapping of the previous discussed independent pharmacy price challenges that we face. So you have a situation where the expenses come in, and the incremental margin got absorbed in the lap, and that's why you have a more difficult compare.
