Britt Vitalone: Yes. Thanks for that question, Mike. As we didn't really outline it, we don't talk about quarterly guidance, but I can indicate for you that on a consolidated basis, what we would expect is that our earnings growth will be heavier in the second half of the year as opposed to the first half of the year. As I laid out in my comments, we have less contribution from COVID related items in fiscal 2023 than we did in fiscal 2022. And in fact, in all cases, across both Pharma and our Medical segment, we have declining COVID related contribution. So what we do expect is that we would indicate to you expect a heavier proportion of earnings in the second half of the year, a modestly heavier proportion in the second half of the year than the first half.
Britt Vitalone: Thanks for the question, Eric. I'll start, and then certainly, Brian can add on. I think one thing for sure as we think about this is as we talked about the variability that we've seen in COVID and the pace of COVID is certainly one that we'll watch for and that certainly can go up or down, particularly in the case of COVID tests. So that could be a risk. It could be a positive or a negative. Clearly, as we've talked about with the macro environment, we are pleased with the fact that we're seeing prescription volumes continue to increase. And as the economy continues to -- or I should say, if patients continue to be more mobile as COVID restrictions continue to ease, that certainly is an opportunity for us to see prescription volumes continue to improve, not only in our Pharma business, but really across, as I talked about, in our Prescription Technology business as well. We certainly have the opportunity to deploy capital. We've laid out for you our assumptions around capital deployment, but we have a lot of flexibility and a good financial framework. And the other way I would point out to you is really the timing around our European divestitures. We've laid out for you that we would expect the transaction with the Phoenix Group to be in the second half of the year, but clearly, that timing could move as we continue to move through that transaction.
Britt Vitalone: And, Charles, maybe just getting back to the question that Eric asked as we think over the year, things that could get us to the higher or the low end of the range. Clearly, COVID test has a lot of variability in that. We've given you our best estimate based on the trends that we've seen, which is really that, as Brian talked about, that declining level of cases in testing. But, certainly, if a variant does come back and cases begin to rise again, that would be something that we would watch for. And we would anticipate that COVID testing would follow the trajectory of cases.
Britt Vitalone: And maybe just Lisa, I'd just add on, we have a very comprehensive sourcing strategy and we source our products really in a very diverse way across many different countries. And one of the things that we're really proud about and focused on is our approach to responsible and sustainable sourcing. And we've really taken a lot of actions along those lines to also diversify our partners across the products that we serve. So we feel like we have really good strong sourcing program in place, and we feel well-positioned.
Britt Vitalone: Yeah, I'd say that the cadence would be very similar to what I gave you on a consolidated basis. Now we do expect that the transaction that we talked about with PHOENIX is going to close in the second half of fiscal 2023. So I guess it would be more first three quarters loaded than just half-and-half. As it relates to 2024, I think it’s little early to start talking about that. We've talked to you about the fact that Norway and Denmark are still two countries that we're evaluating opportunities for to fully exit this. It's too early to really talk about any transactions along those lines. And we still operate those businesses, and we’ll just continue to evaluate opportunities to exit that. But those are -- those continue to be countries that we operate in.
Britt Vitalone: Thanks for the questions, Ricky. Let me try to take those in order. Let me first talk about Europe. We've tried to lay out here for you as transparently as we could what the European contribution was in FY 2022. And then we talked about what we thought the operations would contribute in 2023. We fully intend to exit Europe. And what we've also said is that when we do that, the loss contribution from those earnings, we would replace with capital deployment, principally share, share buybacks. And we've tried to lay that out for you. And so, yes, the way we've laid it out for you is that you should think about Europe eventually going away and being replaced by capital deployment. As it relates to the comment on the US Pharmaceutical segment, let me break it up this way. When you think about excluding the COVID-related items, which, again, we've talked about those pretty transparently since the beginning, we had 2% growth year-over-year. We did talk about beginning on our second quarter earnings call that we were making additional investments into our US-based businesses to have continuity of service through labor expenses. That accounted for about 2% of the year-over-year impact in the US Pharmaceutical business in the fourth quarter. And so, I wanted just to make that comment. It's nothing different than we've talked about before. We talked about the contribution that we'll be making and the investment we'd be making about $0.20 for the year. That, for the US Pharmaceutical segment, was about 2% in the quarter. So that's why we called that out, just as a sort of a confirmation of what we've talked about previously.
Britt Vitalone: As we think about 2023, wouldn't think that there would be much change in terms of the mix within those two businesses. We're continuing to see good strength in our primary care business in the medical business. We expect that will continue into FY 2023. And in our RxTS business, I mean, we had strong growth on the revenue line, we had 26% growth in operating profit. So we had strong performance at the margin line as well. And we expect that our adherence and access programs will continue to have growth as we move into 2023. So I wouldn't guide you to any different mix in 2023 than we’ve seen in 2022.
Britt Vitalone: And as I pointed out, there are some factors that could drive that number in either direction. That could be the pace of any trials or trials themselves and any of the work that goes into any trials that do happen. So we've given you our best estimate based on our analysis of what remains. And again, as Brian said, it's really can't comment on how is somebody else is thinking about this.
Britt Vitalone: Yeah, thanks for the question. We didn't touch on that. We historically have talked about the environment around branded inflation and generic inflation. We don't see any change in our FY 2023 outlook to what we've seen in FY 2022. So we see relative stability in both branded price inflation. And from a generics perspective, we continue to see a stable but competitive environment that is supported by the strong sourcing operations that we have and our focus is on providing our customers, stability of supply, good pricing and our ability to do that through good sourcing and disciplined approach to the sell side. So from our perspective, as we look at the pricing environments around branded and generics, we see relative stability in 2023 compared to 2022.
Britt Vitalone: Yeah. Let me start, and then certainly, Brian can add on to this. Our biopharma services, I think, as you've captured on manufacturer services, those businesses are captured in our Rx Solutions segment. And as we've talked about, that business continues to generate really good revenue, top line and profit growth. We're seeing more brands being added to our platforms. We're seeing good acceptance in the marketplace of our access and adherence solutions. In both of our businesses, as I talked about, we're seeing improved transaction volume from prescriptions. And that certainly is benefiting our Prescription Technology Solutions segment very well, both new and existing brand. So I'd say both of those businesses are benefiting from the macro factors of seeing improved transaction volumes. Clearly, the growth of our technology solutions in RXTS and our access and adherence solutions are seeing really good growth.
Brian Tyler: Thanks, Charles. It's -- obviously, it's been a little bit hard to predict over the last two years. We saw our last spike in testing really hit us in January of this year. And then we've seen COVID test kit volumes fall off pretty significantly since then. There is a new variant circulating. Initial indications are as probably the same medical profile as the previous variant. But the wild card will be patient behavior. Do people get into routine testing? Do they feel the need to routinely test? Do employers test, as they bring people back? And that's a little bit difficult to forecast. So what we've given you is a guide in FY 2023, based on our most -- our best and current view of the market.
Brian Tyler: Thanks for the question. I'll kick it off and Britt can add whatever additional comments he'd like. I mean, starting on the labor cost front. It's obviously been a pretty dynamic labor market, and we don't actually think of it as a single market. We think of it as micro markets around where we have locations and facilities. We did make investments largely into the frontline teams in our Medical and our Pharmaceutical business in the back half of our last fiscal year. We've talked about that, and we have contemplated some labor investments in our FY 2023 outlook, based on the status of the market today and the behaviors and the indicators that we see today. That’s something we’ll continue to track. I mean, I think, McKesson is a great place to work. We have a really strong employee value proposition that includes competitive wages, the benefits and development and career progression and mean -- and work that has really meaning and purpose behind it. So I think we feel good about where we stand as we enter the year, but it's certainly -- the last several months have been, labor markets like most of us have not seen, so we'll continue to monitor and track that closely. On the supply chain front, I think our supply chains have been remarkably resilient in Medical and Pharmaceutical over the many, many twists of the last two years, I would say that they continue to be resilient. We would anticipate very modest levels of disruption and cost inflation in FY 2023. Our private brand program, as you might recall, we don't own physical plant and equipment and manufacture, we source. And so our teams have been very aggressively thinking about expanding and broadening and rotating our sources of supply. And thus far, we've been able to maintain very good inventory positions.
Brian Tyler: I don't know that we can speak to the delta. We can speak to the guidance that we provided. As we look at the litigation, the litigation calendar, open issues that are ahead of us. This is our best view based on what we know today of what we would anticipate to spend and defending ourselves against these suits. And that number we provided was $40 million.
Brian Tyler: Yeah. And I'd just say, we've created RxTS segment to give you visibility into how that business is performing, and we're quite pleased that both the core pharma and RxTS business. Our forward guide for FY 2023 is in line. And in the case of RxTS exceeding what we said in December, we thought was a long-run growth target. So we're very pleased with both those businesses and feel we're very well positioned.
Brian Tyler: Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks for your patience. I know we ran a few minutes longer than we normally do. It's typical at a year-end or year kick-off call. I want to thank everyone for your time and for joining this call. We really appreciate your thoughtful questions, and certainly, your interest in McKesson. Thank you, Cody, for facilitating the call for us. Just to conclude, McKesson delivered a strong fiscal 2022 with double-digit adjusted operating profit growth and I am excited about the continued progress of our company priorities into fiscal 2023. I'm confident about our ability to deliver strong growth, solid financial results and shareholder value creation. Of course, it's all due to the people that make up Team McKesson across all areas of our business. I want to thank them for their hard work and their dedication to executing on our strategies, for living our culture and our values and bringing positive changes to our partners, our customers and the patients that we impact. Thanks, again, everybody. I hope you all have a terrific evening.
