Brian Tyler: Yes. I think that’s right, Britt. I mean I’d put – I think of the investments in a couple of buckets, right. We have got a leading EMR in oncology. Well, we need to continue to invest in that as the practice of oncology changes and the complexity of the therapies continue to evolve and things like genomics and all these advanced diagnostics start to fold in. That’s a bit of just infrastructure investment. Britt talked about Ontada, that’s our technology and data insights business that we are investing in. That’s a growth – future growth area of opportunity for us. And then we did not have any M&A in oncology in this quarter. We have had some great partnerships. We had some great momentum on that front. This is an area that is strategically – is aligned to our enterprise strategy and we would certainly be open to doing M&A if it was on strategy and met our financial thresholds for good M&A.
Brian Tyler: Yes. I mean, thanks, great question. So fundamentally, this is a transaction volume-based business. So as script growth returns, that’s a good fundamental underlying driver of this business. We also grow this business by signing more brands onto our programs and to innovating and putting more value on our network that delivers value to a pharmacist, to a provider or to a biopharma that allows us to grow our services revenue. I mean, fundamentally, this is about growing transactions.
Brian Tyler: I’ll start and give a few comments, Eric. Look, it was certainly a dynamic year in the medical business, I mean, out of the gates with PPE demand outstripping supply by a wide margin. You’re well familiar with the early period of this fiscal year. Mid-part of the year, we start to see COVID test kits really come to market. And through our leading position as a lab distributor, I think our team did a fantastic job working with really a broad spectrum of those providers across all types of tests, molecular, antigen, antibody, to get those into the provider communities that we serve. And we had tremendous growth. That growth probably peaked in Q3. It was, frankly – it fell away quicker than we had anticipated when we had our earnings call in that third quarter. We still – there is still COVID test kit volume out there. But it certainly was – if any – of all of our businesses, I would say the medical business was the most dynamic in terms of the market dynamics this year.
Brian Tyler: Yes. I mean let me give you just a couple of framing comments on how we think of M&A. So first, if it’s what we would call tuck-in or it’s a core business, we’re in the business today, we understand the business, it’s just about really adding customers or maybe a capability but – and scale to a platform we already have, that’s attractive M&A. And over the history of this company, we’ve been very successful doing that kind of M&A. The second kind that we – the second criteria we really have is to assess its alignment to our enterprise strategy. We’ve articulated our oncology ecosystem and our biopharma services business as areas that we want to deploy growth capital against. But it’s got to meet our third criteria, which is we’re very financially disciplined about the way we approach these things. We know we have alternate uses to deploy our capital. M&A is just one of them. And so we’re very disciplined as we think about approaching M&A. But I would say we would do M&A if it was aligned to our strategy, it fits that first type of M&A, a tuck-in, and it met our financial discipline business criteria.
Brian Tyler: Yes. I mean also embedded in the U.S. Pharma segment is the assumption that the flu season returns to normal. That, historically, would have been in the run rate and not incremental growth for the segment. Relative to opioids, the second part of your question, Ricky. We continue to have constructive discussions around a broad settlement framework and structure. The parameters of that have been pretty consistent over the last several quarters. I’m very encouraged. We’re hopeful we can reach resolution. We think it will be great for patients and communities. But as we said last quarter, until we have a deal, we are going to continue to prepare to defend ourselves, and we’ve made significant investments in that defense. We’re prepared to rigorously and vigorously defend ourselves in court if it comes to that. So our assumption, until such point in time that we have a resolution, is that we’ll continue to make the ongoing investment in our defense.
Brian Tyler: Well, look, first, we’re always looking at the landscape. And if you look at the landscape in health care this year, obviously, with the pandemic, we saw a lot of the telehealth assets really catch a lot of momentum. We’ve gone back. We’ve checked our strategies based on how we’ve seen the landscape change over the past year. And I’ll just say this, we have a lot of conviction that our strategy, which is built around continuing to get growth out of the core, continuing to focus on oncology and continuing to focus on biopharma services, where we think we have unique and distinguished capabilities, we have the opportunity to do internal innovation to drive growth, and we have appetite to do external growth if we can find the right asset, align to the strategy in the right way that meets our return thresholds.
Brian Tyler: Sure. I’ll start. I mean let’s – first, we should recognize that in the International segment, the pandemic recovery is lagging what we’re seeing in the U.S. a little bit. But we’re very pleased with the performance that this business has had. We have worked diligently over the last few years to really think about how we organize and streamline and make that business more efficient, capturing some of the scale across all of the countries. We’ve been rigorous in looking at our retail footprint, and we’ve done some rationalization of our physical estate there. And we’ve made some investments, frankly, in some digital technologies that really were – turned out to be quite timely and important this year as patients decided they wanted to use digital health services more. So we are very pleased with the performance of the European business. We run it in a very disciplined, very tight way. It is not inherently high-growth markets. So to get the growth that we see, we’re very pleased with the team.
Brian Tyler: Yes, great question. So look, we think we have a terrific value proposition for independent community-based oncologists. And we look to grow our practices and our – the number of oncologists in those practices. That is part of the growth, I mean, and we like that growth. But we also think we have the opportunity to grow our research efforts to grow our data and analytics and insight business. We’ve got opportunity to put more value into our EMR so that we stay contemporary with patient care and that we’re innovating ahead of the marketplace. And we view all of these things as kind of reinforcing each other, right? More scale in the network gives you a bigger distribution channel for the products and services that you develop, more impact back upstream to the biopharmas. And that’s why we’ve actually been referring to it as an ecosystem because these are not really disconnected growth strategies. They are actually quite connected under the umbrella of oncology.
Brian Tyler: Okay. Well, thank you everybody. That enters our fiscal 2022. I am excited about the businesses and the markets that we operate in today. I’m very pleased with our performance and the momentum that gives us, and I really do believe we are positioned for long-term success. I’m again so proud of how resilient our employees have been throughout the pandemic. And in fiscal 2022, we look forward to supporting our customers, partners and communities as we hopefully resolve these uncertain times. We wish you and your families good health and wellness. Get vaccinated. And I want to wish everybody a Happy Nurses Day. Thanks to all those amazing nurses out there on the front line. Thanks, everybody. Have a great evening.
Britt Vitalone: And Lisa, maybe I’ll just finish up on your biosimilars question. We are very pleased with how biosimilars are beginning to hit the market. We see the pipeline growing, particularly in the oncology space. It’s not a material driver to our results right now, but we are encouraged by the pipeline and we are encouraged by the opportunities in the next – in the coming years. So, we think that biosimilars are going to continue to be a positive driver for the business, for the providers and for patients and we expect with our scale and reach that we will continue to get that contribution as adoption continues to increase.
Britt Vitalone: Thanks for the question, Bob. Look, we are very pleased with how the business has continued to grow and gain momentum. This is the second year in a row now where this business has grown. We have got really good scale and reach across all of our businesses. Brian talked about our specialty businesses and particularly the differentiation that we have in oncology. And so we think that the momentum is going to continue. As I mentioned in my remarks, we’re seeing some encouraging signs, and we think that as utilization comes back, the momentum will just continue. As it relates to our thought on the pricing environment, again, from a branded pricing perspective, we expect that FY ‘22 will look a lot like FY ‘21. And from a generic perspective, we have a great sourcing capability in ClarusONE. We continue to do a great job for our customers in providing stability of supply and low cost. We don’t see anything that’s really changed the dynamics around either the buy side or the sell side. It’s a competitive market but it’s been stable now for several quarters. And we feel with the strength of our sourcing operation and our disciplined approach on the sell side that we’ll continue to see the same types of contribution that we’ve seen now for several quarters.
Britt Vitalone: I think just the other thing I would add there the way that we’re growing the transactions is we’re utilizing technology. We have great technology and capabilities within that business, and that allows us to leverage our capabilities in a unique way.
Britt Vitalone: And maybe, Eric, just to follow-up on that, as Brian talked about the breadth of our – the markets that we serve and the breadth of products and capabilities that we have, our leading capabilities go across Rx, private brand, lab, as Brian talked about. And if you go before the pandemic, FY ‘20, we had growth – AOP growth of about 12%. So I think as we look at our guide for next year, it really speaks to the fundamentals of the business have remained very strong all the way through the pandemic. And as volumes begin to come back and utilization comes back online, we would expect that the business could continue to grow in that historical range.
Britt Vitalone: Thanks for the question. Let me address that. As I think I’ve mentioned in past calls, we take our guidance from the U.S. government. They make all the decisions on the administration of the program. And so we leverage the guidance that they gave us in terms of volumes and where those volumes need to be distributed. And that’s how we put this guide together. So that’s how we form the basis of the $0.40 to $0.50 for the vaccine distribution and the $0.10 to $0.20 for the kit distribution. And as I mentioned in my opening remarks, that’s going to be weighted more towards the first half of the year or first quarter of the year primarily.
Britt Vitalone: Sure. Thanks for the question. Look, as I talked about, there were a couple of factors that really occurred during the fourth quarter. Weak cold and flu season was one of those. We also had a winter storm. Those had modest impacts on our results. We do expect next year that we would have a normal flu season. Those are very difficult to predict in the last several years. We’ve had some variations within what normal is based on history. But we expect that the cold and flu season will be back to a normal cadence historically. And as utilization starts to improve over our first half of the year and get back to pre-COVID levels in the second half of the year, that’s where we expect volumes will begin to ramp.
Britt Vitalone: Yes. Sure. Let me see if I can help you out. You are correct. Historically, our earnings have been generated primarily heavier in the second half of the year. And we would expect that we would have a slightly higher second half contribution than the first half again this year. I think when you look at our guide and you look at the vaccine contribution of $0.40 to $0.50 on the range of $18.85 to $19.45, inside of that, the core business is still growing. And we would expect that as utilization continues to improve through the first half and gets back to pre-COVID in the second half, that those core earnings would reflect that. So again, I think, historically, we’ve had higher second half contribution than the first half. We expect that we’ll have a slightly higher second half than first half contribution as well. We don’t guide the quarter, so I’m really not going to comment on second quarter versus first quarter. I think you should take our thinking on how utilization comes back online.
Britt Vitalone: Thanks, Ricky, for the question. Let me see if I can start with your first question. Look, we have talked about improving momentum in our business for the last several quarters, and you referenced 5% to 8% core. That’s for our U.S. Pharmaceutical business. We expect that our business is going to continue to generate improving momentum over the course of FY ‘22. And so we feel very good that we’ve had a return to growth in that segment, really the whole business over the last 2 years that we would expect that, that will continue. We’ve talked about some of the investments that we are making in the business and how we’re leveraging some of those investments. And so I think what you should – you should not think about this as a long-term jumping off point. We don’t provide long-term guidance. And I would hesitate for you to just take that 5% to 8% and take it out over the long-term. But what you should take from this is we expect continuing improvement in utilization, continuing momentum in the business, and I think our core growth rate really reflects that. I don’t know, Brian, if you want to...
Britt Vitalone: And I guess I would just add. Similar to the U.S. market, our international markets have also faced COVID headwinds. And we would expect that those markets will begin to recover along the same type of time lines we laid out in our broader comments.
