John H. Hammergren: Glen, thanks for the question. I think that you have the basics right. I believe the only thing that's missing in your assumption there is related to their ability to put the shares to us. So we look at it as a source of financing. We know what the put right is, we know what the dividend cost is on an annual basis and we know how much money is tied up related to this obligation. The only difference is that we really can't call those -- that right. We have to have it put against us. But I think just from our perspective, it's a source of financing and there is no longer any P&L or earnings upside by the consolidation of those remaining shares other than a reduction of the dividend, but replaced by whatever are the costs you have associated with the deployment of that capital.
John H. Hammergren: Well, to begin with, I think it really is -- we've been focused on the sourcing on a private-label basis in an appropriate tax-efficient way for some time. I think the addition here with this expansion in London is focused primarily on generics and branded drugs, our relationships with the manufacturers and how we plan to go to market. And, James, maybe you can talk a little bit about tax.
John H. Hammergren: But, Glen, you did mention OTCs. And I do think that the addition of Lloyds Pharmacy through the acquisition of Celesio does give us a large footprint in OTC products and relationships that would expand beyond our typical branded and generic relationships, albeit that's probably a third leg to put into the strategy. We're going to focus on pharmaceuticals first. I do think there's a way for us to bring our other U.S. customers' and North American customers' demand for OTC products into this discussion at some later date.
John H. Hammergren: Thanks, Lisa, for the question. It's probably difficult for us to comment specifically on the number of patients that are not being served from a hep C perspective, and certainly some of the market share changes that might be forecast between the various manufacturers related to the market. This business for us is primarily government-related and mail order. So that we have a -- as you know, with our relationships both in mail and with the VA and the DoD, we have a heavy concentration of products in those markets and clearly, hep C is one of those products. The product is -- the hep C products are dilutive to our overall margins. And so from a revenue perspective, they're very positive from a growth perspective but they are not all that helpful on the bottom line. And I'd say that we -- our growth this quarter was certainly impacted by hep C but I might also say, we think we grew well in excess of market growth rates through our expanded relationships with our existing customers and the strength we've had in expanding things like generics into Rite Aid and the pull-through of generics in our other customer bases. So I think that we are feeling pretty good about the momentum we have in our base of business.
John H. Hammergren: Our view on generic price inflation is basically in line with how we viewed the year as we came into the year. We said that we felt it was going to be generally flat with last year, perhaps slightly down compared to prior year. And I think our view has remained consistent and remains consistent as we think about what we've accomplished in the first 3 quarters and what we have in front of us. I would say it's difficult perhaps to compare the commentary between those in the industry because all of us look at generic price inflation, we define it differently, first; and then secondly, we all have different books of business with different manufacturers and have probably different exposure to all of this. So I would say that our quarter results in Q3 and what we're talking about for the rest of the year is pretty much in line with our expectations when we started the year.
John H. Hammergren: Well, you're right. There really were no synergies in our results for the quarter related to Celesio. I mean we just achieved operating control, which allows us to go as a unified body to the marketplace, which this London operation is beginning to do, has begun to do in January and is continuing throughout the rest of this quarter. So the $275 million to $325 million has yet to be executed on, particularly from a product perspective. Now some of the tax savings that we forecasted there should begin to flow more quickly than the products side of it. As it relates to operating synergies, we have a bit of a path here to get the organization to where we think it can be operationally. And clearly, one of the big things we need to do is invest in the IT infrastructure that's necessary to help Celesio realize the advantage of scale and to be more productive in the operation. We have some work underway to help them optimize certain functions in terms of distribution and transportation. We're working on those initiatives. But clearly, it's probably too early to forecast any operating synergies related to Celesio as we think about the remainder of this year.
John H. Hammergren: And in fact, to some extent, George, the synergy from an operating perspective in the early phases may be more of a dis-synergy as we invest more heavily than we get returns on in the early phases. And so we'll probably see actually a little more expense. Now clearly, the upside from this acquisition wasn't in significant operating synergy in the near term in Celesio. It was really about accomplishing our sourcing and procurement synergies. And we have no reason to believe that we won't be successful on that objective. And I think that, that is a first priority. The second priority is what do we do to assist Celesio in its operations. In the near term, that's probably more of an investment expense slash phase than it is a synergy that we deliver to the bottom line phase. So we're focused on doing both.
John H. Hammergren: Well, I mean, our specialty business, once again, it's similar to the other themes in this conversation. Probably each person participating in the industry may define specialty differently. When we talk about specialty, we're not talking about hepatitis C drugs or some of the things that have impacted our revenues in such a significant way. What we're talking about are primarily oncology products and some of the other -ologies like rheumatology and ophthalmology. From a growth perspective, we have some of those other specialty areas growing more rapidly than oncology, but it's off of a very small base. Oncology continues to be the main driver of our performance in specialty, and our bullish remarks regarding our growth in specialty is driven by our success in the oncology portfolio of our business, on a combined basis: Both the work we're doing on the network to grow the number of physicians in US Oncology; in our distribution platform out to oncology and other specialties; and clearly in some of the work that we're doing with manufacturers on the clinical services, and the data work that we're doing, really is all-encompassing. But we're pleased with the progress we're making in specialty, and it's an important part of our continued performance.
John H. Hammergren: Well, we certainly think so. And I think the best example would be the success in our relationship with Omnicare, and not only renewing that partnership, but getting them to work with us and source through us their generic portfolio. I think Rite Aid played a role in that as a great reference point relative to our success. And I think as Rite Aid and others continue to say McKesson is the best alternative, frankly, along with other industry players that are beginning to turn to wholesaling as the source of product that they otherwise would have purchased direct, I think is a continued reinforcement of the power that wholesaling brings to the industry, both in terms of our purchasing and sourcing capabilities, but also frankly, our ability to use capital efficiently and our logistics expertise. And so there are several benefits why customers -- McKesson customers are turning to us and saying that we'd like to expand our existing relationship beyond brands into the generic portfolio. And we're optimistic about that.
John H. Hammergren: Well, once again, I can't speak for the industry or our competitors. But related to McKesson's work with manufacturers, particularly those that we have a contractual relationship with, we have great visibility to the amount of income we might earn from those relationships over time. The methods by which we earn that income and the timing is not always easy for us to forecast. And that's why we don't frankly provide quarterly guidance because we're not necessarily always certain about when those price increases might fall. And that was really what we were speaking about here relative to the pull-forward. We know the total amount we're going to get and then we know if we get a bunch of it in the third quarter, that it's not going to come again in the fourth quarter. And clearly, there's a portion of our income with branded manufacturers that's still earned outside of these relationships. But I would say that the large portion of what we realized here is -- was totally visible to us and is just a movement from one quarter to the next.
John H. Hammergren: Well, I think it's difficult to -- once again, to make sort of an industry call. I do think that McKesson's position is unique as it relates particularly to cancer drugs, given our position with US Oncology and our network. We obviously don't own those physicians but we do partner closely with them. And as I discussed in my prepared remarks, our understanding of the clinical work that's necessary to bring a branded drug to market and take it to the various phases of clinical trial should be helpful as people begin to prove that the biosimilars have an equivalent outcome for the patient as the product that it might be replacing. And so I think that, that resource is unique to McKesson, and I do think our ability to use that resource to build value for the manufacturers that are entering this space will be helpful for us. It's probably too early to quantify when and what might occur as a result of this. I just wanted to point out the differentiation that we bring to the business.
John H. Hammergren: Well, I think you're -- the question is a good one. Our focus really is not material from a financial perspective on what we do on the CRO business related to what we get paid to do those clinical trials. It's probably more relevant, our position with the manufacturers and the import that we have in the network to those manufacturers relative to working with them about products, particularly early in the community-oncology space. I would say that there's a lot more clinical trial work done obviously in these big universities settings when they can go to a single enterprise to get a bunch of work done. But there's really no other aggregation of community oncologists where they're going to have a single enterprise approach and pick up so many different markets and so many different types of doctors. So I think that we're heavily focused on making sure that in the portfolio of things we do for manufacturers in all of our businesses, that we continue to add value in a significant way and find ways to differentiate what we do.
John H. Hammergren: Well, we're pleased with the performance of that business, it's basically in line with what we had anticipated this year, given that we had talked about that we were going to and have prepared the portfolio to focus on those businesses where we felt we had an opportunity to grow. And in particular, took out a business or 2 that produced no earnings. And part of what you've seen is great margin expansion as a result of that focus and attention. The businesses that are performing well there are businesses that we've had for a long time and that are continuing to modify their models so we can create a recurring revenue stream. And I would say the businesses that are flat or struggling are those that have either been replaced in the market with other priorities that people are spending on, other things that they have to buy and not buy some of our products that they'll have to come back around to later, or businesses where a transition's underway from a technology perspective. So I think we are still in middle of the game relative to the transition between Horizon and Paragon, which will be ongoing, which is a bit of a headwind as we think going forward. But we're also trying to invest in front of what we think will be a buy cycle for products that will help customers understand data better to make better decisions to take on risk and to follow the patient in a more longitudinal way. So there's a bunch of interesting places that we're placing bets, including CommonWell Health, that we think will pay off. But generally steady as she goes is the way we think about it at this point.
John H. Hammergren: Well I think that it's -- the question is difficult to answer given the prioritization our customers place on some of these activities. An example would be the significant amount of business we have in the payer space and our ability to focus our customers on spending against the next opportunity to optimize their performance as opposed to spending against issues that they have to deal with either from a regulatory perspective or a security perspective, et cetera. So our customers' priorities sometimes don't necessarily match where we're well positioned from a product portfolio perspective. I would say though that as you think out 2 or 3 years, the EMR space and the transition away from Horizon will be more complete or complete, and we'll see more results, we think, in terms of this pay-for-performance priority. I mentioned that HHS and others believe that the market has to move more towards a value-based reimbursement methodology. That's going to require additional investment.
John H. Hammergren: Well I think we're well positioned in the connectivity spaces because those transactions are already flowing through our businesses and those transactions are well underway and we are helping our customers do things more efficiently with more knowledge as a result of connectivity and interoperability. I think it's the places where folks can delay their purchasing decisions that we experience the volatility in our base. And most of our businesses today that are ahead of plan are ahead of plan because of volumes related to transactions. And most of the businesses that are behind their plans in our technology suite are behind not because customers have chosen somebody else's solution, they're behind because the buy decision has been delayed because there's other priorities for the customer, either from a capital deployment perspective or other priorities from a workload perspective for their IT groups to focus on other things other than buying a piece of software that might have a great return but they just don't have the ability to do it given that the priorities are someplace else. So I think that that's why this business is a little bit difficult to forecast because of some of those nuances that don't frankly exist in our distribution businesses where, unless you lose a large customer, you can count on the volume being there the next year, and it's just a question of maintaining that satisfaction level of the customers to continue to grow the business.
John H. Hammergren: Well, we are very early in this process. We couldn't really begin this dialogue until we had operational control. That didn't happen until middle of December. And I would say that our early conversations with manufacturers have been very positive, and we've made very nice progress. And I think most of the manufacturers in the world have an interest in having a dialogue with McKesson because of the value that we bring and the customers that have entrusted us with their business and their volumes to go to the marketplace in a unified way. So I do feel positive about where we're headed. I think it's early to try to quantify timing or value. But I think from a first-step perspective, we're on track with where we thought we would be at this point post-domination.
James A. Beer: Well, I would just observe that obviously now with a broader worldwide operation, we'll be looking at optimizing our tax position on a global basis, obviously, consistent with all the rules and regulations of each authority in which we're doing business. So I wouldn't want to point to anything in particular emanating out of London.
James A. Beer: And, in fact, if I could just add, an example of that growth is in our OneStop program, where even aside from the growth that Rite Aid represented in OneStop, we still, in addition, grew OneStop 20% year-over-year. Specifically to the revenue contribution of the hepatitis C drugs, they drove about 4 points of the 17% growth that we saw in Q3 year-over-year. And as we're alluding to here, they're 1 of the 2 drivers, along with the Celesio contribution, that were driving our commentary around Distribution Solutions' margins in Q3 and for the full year.
James A. Beer: And I would expect that those items that John was just mentioning to be one of the drivers of our capital spending each year.
James A. Beer: Yes. I think it is a little bit more complicated this Q4 sequentially. We have this branded pull-forward item that John has just been discussing. We also have the tax rate effect between Q3, which was particularly low, and Q4. And then, of course, we also have a little bit higher FX headwind than we were expecting 90 days ago when we were on the call. And then we've also given you something of a sense around both of the DS margins and how they would be driving relative to this quite high DS revenue growth. And then we've also given you a sense of the TS revenue situation as well for the full year. So I think those are really the key drivers that will be relevant for us in Q4 and drive the sequential pattern that you're referring to.
James A. Beer: Yes well, you're right in that we certainly have to be ready for those minority Celesio shareholders to put their shares to us. So I talked a lot on the call about the accounting, but in terms of usage of cash, we have to be ready for them to put their shares to us. And directionally, that's an amount of money of the order of $1.5 billion. And then also, as you mentioned in your question, we have debt maturities in fiscal '16 that will be appreciably larger than what we've seen in recent years, so again, about $1.5 billion coming due in fiscal '16. All of that said -- and certainly, there's a clear commitment to our ongoing investment-grade credit ratings here, all of that said, there's no change philosophically from the portfolio approach to capital allocation that McKesson has had for many years. And that portfolio is internal capital expenditure, M&A, dividends and share buybacks. And we do certainly want to emphasize the internal CapEx and the M&A as ways in which we can potentially drive further cash flow growth in the years that we think will be valuable to our shareholders. Certainly, in the 1.25 years that I've been here, I've been impressed as I've inspected the long-term track record of McKesson's M&A. I think McKesson has a terrific record around driving value through M&A. And so we'd want to have some capacity to enter into M&A should attractive opportunities come along, while we're in this de-levering period.
James A. Beer: Well, I think it will be both. I think it will be us paying down maturities, as well as consistent growth in EBITDA in the coming years.
James A. Beer: Well, I was just going to add, our experience thus far in fiscal '15 has been a stronger first half than a second half. And while we're only just really still in the middle of our FY '16 planning exercise, directionally, I wouldn't be surprised to see that continuing into the future.
James A. Beer: Well, I think the margin side of Celesio will be driven by the experience of Brazil and France in particular. Again, the U.K., we're seeing strong performance and we're somewhat encouraged by the situation in Germany that seems to be seeing some stability.
James A. Beer: Yes. It's really just what John was expanding on in one of his last comments there. We have seen in some of the technology businesses a delay in some of the bookings that we continue to expect to come through. But from the customers' perspective, it's a bit of a sequencing, a bit of a prioritization issue. So yes, I would expect to get that business. It's just a matter of precisely when.
