John H. Hammergren: I think the way to think about this is that it's very similar to the banner operations we already are involved in operating in Canada. So we will take over the responsibly of owning the banners and operating the banners. And in Canada, I would say that our experience has been we have a more fulsome relationship with those banner operators and the ability to provide additional products and services to those customers that improve our performance and simultaneously improve their performance. So our goal always is to find tools that we can bring to our customers that make them more successful, and in return improving our business performance at the same time. So although, there won't be a lot of incremental revenue associated with the transaction, we certainly believe it will have a very nice returns and well above our cost of capital when you think about it from a financial context.
John H. Hammergren: Yes, that's the way to think about it. We don't own the stores physical plant, and we don't own the "pharmacists." They still operate their stores, but we run the rest of it.
John H. Hammergren: Well, as we mentioned -- as I mentioned in my prepared comments, we have been very successful at mitigating some of the efforts associated with the regulatory changes, and clearly we have better visibility into those regulatory changes today than we might have had even last year or certainly a couple of years ago. So we understand their effect, and we certainly can contemplate what effect they may have on a deal like this acquisition that we just announced. Having said all of that, we believe scale matters in all of our businesses, and our ability to bring our sourcing power together with their demand, coupled with our existing demand, will only improve our ability to help our customers get the right products at the right price and continue to deliver great service to patients throughout those markets. So we're very optimistic on how this looks to us.
John H. Hammergren: Turning to the Horizon Clinical question. And I guess just a clarification too, Robert, on revenue cycle management. We are no longer developing the Horizon platform of revenue cycle, our enterprise revenue cycle management, but the revenue cycle management business inside of McKesson is alive and well, both in the form of Paragon's revenue cycle and financial systems, but also Relay and other parts of our business provide revenue cycle tools that are very valuable to our customers. So the only business that we really shut down with this acquisition -- or excuse me, with this announcement was the development effort underway for Horizon Enterprise Revenue Management. On the Horizon Clinical side, we have a lot of work to do to continue help our customers get through Meaningful Use 2 and Meaningful Use 3, to make sure our products are all contemporary with the regulatory requirements that are necessary, and we plan to continue to support that product vigorously through that phase. There are no announced plans nor internal plans to sunset the Horizon Clinical product lines. We believe our customers will continue to get great value and utility out of Horizon Clinicals. But we also believe, over time, they'll begin to look at some of the other products and applications that we have in addition to Horizon Clinical as alternatives.
John H. Hammergren: Well we run over -- we're involved in over 600 banners in the country -- in the country of Canada now, but they're largely outside of the area where the Katz -- in fact, I think entirely outside of the Katz, where the Katz stores reside. So there isn't a lot of competitive overlap. Furthermore, there's probably more interest from our existing banners to see the benefit of a larger scale banner operation run by McKesson in Canada. So I think we will -- Katz has not experienced much attrition of their banners over time. They've had a great deal of customer satisfaction and loyalty, and we believe that loyalty will not only remain in place for us but perhaps even improve as we go forward. And we should be attracting more people into our banners across Canada over time because of that value we deliver.
John H. Hammergren: Any year that goes by, there's always a few ins and outs in the customer base. And we clearly want to retain as many as we can, but we're also not unrealistic and know that occasionally, for whatever reason, we will win or lose a customer. We have a view, I think, that the market remains competitive but stable, and our sales forces are always out there trying to make sure that we're moving up the value chain with our customers, improving their performance and getting them to realize that through McKesson's service, they're getting a great result. Clearly as we did -- we began this year, I believe, we focused on expanding our operating margin in the 200 to 250 basis point range. We gave that guidance because we believed the markets will remain competitive and stable and that we would be able to drive value through the mix of business that we're selling to our customers, and through the efficiencies we can run on our operations. So we made -- we remain very focused on those objectives, expanding our margins, and that objective would not be attainable should we enter into a price-oriented sale into our marketplace. As it relates to generics in-house versus out of house, clearly we're always focused on helping our customers do a better job of buying products. We hope that their #1 choice of supply will come through us, and we have to earn that privilege. But frankly, none of our contracts acquire 100% use of McKesson from a generic sourcing perspective. And we do have specific contract terms with all of our customers when we set our pricing that lays out our expectations, and our customers meet the expectations as we've laid them out in our contracts. So we really don't leave this as an open-end question, Tom. It's a very thoughtful process, and we, as part of our discussions with our customers, when these contracts are put in place, we anticipate their desire to perhaps move in and out of the generic business a little bit on their own. But it really is, I think, the larger scale movement that we've noticed is our customers coming more to McKesson for generics en masse as opposed to leaving McKesson from the generics perspective.
John H. Hammergren: Yes. As you said, it's probably a little early for us to think about fiscal '13. There are some headwinds and tailwinds as we think about that timeline. Clearly oral generics are going to be a positive, and the whole industry is expecting that. At the same time, we'll probably have a little bit of a headwind from a specialty generic perspective particularly on a year-over-year kind of compare. We believe that the balance sheet will continue provide significant opportunity for us going forward in our portfolio approach. Having said that, we also are going to probably face a little bit of a headwind from the VA contract, which as you know is 8 years old, and if we're fortunate enough to renew it, it will provide a little bit of a headwind even renewing it. But having said all of that, I think that we feel we're very well positioned in our industry, demographic support, the growth of our businesses, and I think we will continue to see good results out of our company.
John H. Hammergren: Yes. I don't believe it had anything to do with it -- at least from our perspective, I don't know what the Katz Group had contemplated in that process. But we had already renewed the Katz agreement for both their corporate stores and these banners prior to us really entering into any significant dialogue about what they might do with their banner operations. And I think the corporate store agreement that's going forward hasn't been really materially impacted as a result of this arrangement.
John H. Hammergren: Well I think that the simple answer is it depends. Each customer is really working with us on a specific plan. If they want to move to the Paragon product line, our role is to make sure that they feel good about a transition like that, and that they -- in the end of the discussion, get more. And when they get more functionality and lower cost of ownership, they're even more satisfied with McKesson. So I think that each relationship will take on a different tenor. I think there are some customers already that have already said to us, "You know what, this is good news from our perspective. We like the Paragon platform. We understand what you're trying to do with it from a development perspective, and we think it will position us very well when we think out to 2020 for the kinds of demands we're going to have around medical home and accountable care and other things we have to do that the existing marketplace products really won't deliver for us." And so those folks are already in in-depth discussions. But having been involved in some of them, there are no 2 alike, because there's no really 2 customer footprint that's identical to another. So I would say the most important takeaway from this is that we're doing everything we can to make sure that our customers are making the right decision for them at the right time, and this is just another alternative for them to evaluate, particularly if they're already on the Horizon platform that they have this as an option. We're not going to force them to evaluate it right now. We're not going to force them to make any changes until they're ready.
John H. Hammergren: Well we think there'll be 3 things they're going to have to focus on. Certainly one is the integration of clinical and financial records and the sort of a longitudinal view of the patient, both inpatient and outpatient. The second is going to be cost of ownership. And frankly, most of our provider customers are under tremendous pressure to reduce cost, and we believe that the Paragon platform, in particular, will provide a very low cost solution for our customers over time. And the third element that most of them are beginning now to come to grips with are probably 2 dual functions. One is the web enablement of products, the ability to have sort of access anywhere, anytime to the data they need from a myriad of sources whether they're payer sources or whether they're retail pharmacy sources or consumer-related connectivity. And the second dimension is the analytics on the data that they're getting access to. So we're investing heavily in both sort of the web strategy, the connectivity strategy, as you've heard us talk about with Relay and you've also heard us talking about advanced analytics as a component part. So product that's fully functioning, integrated single data view of the patient, low cost of ownership and increasingly flexible enough to integrate with the other constituents in healthcare realtime in a web friendly kind of Software-as-a-Service way, as well as this analytic engine.
John H. Hammergren: I don't think we've seen any significant trend changes. The price performance of generics is largely in line with our expectations and relatively stable.
John H. Hammergren: Well we're clearly pleased with our revenue performance, Lisa. And I think it really is sort of strength across the board with our customers. I wouldn't want to forecast off of that kind of revenue growth, but I do believe that we're just experiencing a byproduct of our customers' continued success. We did -- on the indirect or warehouse revenue line, we did pick up an incremental customer there that's added to that strength.
John H. Hammergren: Well we are aware of the hearing, and we'll actually be participating in the hearing. We are proud of the service we've provided to the VA and the kind of savings we provided. We clearly -- I know there's been questions raised about certain elements of the way the VA has executed their activity under our agreement, and we continue to participate as asked in the discussions that are underway. We don't believe it will have any impact on their consideration of us as a potential awardee of this contract that's coming up in May.
John H. Hammergren: Well we'd like to think that none of our revenue base in Horizon is at risk because we've committed to our customers to get them through the most important aspects associated with their near-term priority and that's Meaningful Use 2, Meaningful Use 3 and clearly some ICD-10 work that's going on in many of our product lines. Our commitment to their satisfaction and to them accomplishing their objectives is unwavering, and this announcement only affected a small subgroup of our customers that were developing strategies to implement Horizon Enterprise Revenue Management. Clearly those handful of customers we had to go to and have a conversation about the fact the product that they had ordered at had an interest in ordering is not going to be available, and their alternative would be to return to the STAR platforms, that many of them are on -- or stay on STAR, or consider the Paragon financial strategy. As it relates to Horizon Clinical customers, clearly there are some that are asking questions about whether they should stay on Horizon, whether they should go to Paragon or whether they should consider going to an alternative. I think the number of customers that are in that bucket probably, although it may not be the same names, probably hasn't changed an awful lot since we announced the Paragon strategy. And so we -- as you know, we've had some challenges with the Horizon Clinical implementations. We believe that we've made significant progress now. And to a large extent, the history of the product is overshadowed by our current success with the product. Having said that, clearly we always have customers that might be considering alternatives. But our goal here for that small set of customers that are considering an alternative is to give them one more, which is to move to Paragon, because we believe Paragon, for some of our customers, will be a nice choice, particularly if they believe Horizon isn't meeting their needs.
John H. Hammergren: Well HealthQuest, Series and STAR were actually older brands that were acquired, or companies. And those products had remained and do remain largely unchanged, however, always updated for certain functionality and regulatory compliance. The Horizon financial product was a brand-new product that had, had no basis from an acquisition perspective. And the Horizon Clinical product line was not built off of the STAR, HealthQuest or Series platforms. It was a lot of internal development, as well as some acquisitions on the outside. So I think Horizon Clinicals and Horizon Financials were 2 different strategies from a product architecture perspective coming together later. And there's one other nuance that our customers and our shareholders should understand is that we use the Horizon name perhaps more liberally than just on the clinical products. You might recall that we acquired a medical imaging product that's leading in the industry from a company called A.L.I. that has been part of McKesson now for a long time. That's actually called Horizon Medical Imaging, for example, and that product line is on a Microsoft platform. It will not be touched by the changes we've just announced with Horizon Clinicals. So the Horizon name is used in the business as a branding tool, but it isn't necessarily accurate as it relates to architectural decisions or other decisions that might be made with the product.
John H. Hammergren: I would say though, Ricky, our goal obviously is to grow our company and to grow it profitably and to deploy our capital intelligently. Those are not in conflict with our strategy with the VA contract, and I would say they're 2 parallel paths headed in the same direction, which is a high-performing company doing the right thing for our customers and our shareholders. But certainly we would have pursued the Katz acquisition sort of regardless of what happens with the VA, and we'll pursue the VA regardless of the fact that we acquired Katz. And so I think that's the point we're trying to make.
John H. Hammergren: Well the AMP stands for average manufacturer prices, this is an activity our government has been pursuing for some time as it relates to the way they reimburse purchases to our customers. So it really is not something that would directly affect wholesaling in our country, and I think that we are continuing to study what's going on with AMP just like everyone else in the pharmaceutical business. And I don't -- other than the fact that we're always trying to optimize the performance of our customers and to make sure that they're being well compensated for the service they provide, our interest in AMP is more of an observer.
John H. Hammergren: Yes. I don't know. It's probably in the $2 million to $3 million kind of range. I'm just guessing based on these numbers. But Jeff, do you have...
John H. Hammergren: And how you define average.  Thank you very much for your questions today. I want to thank you all for getting on the call. I'm certainly pleased with our year-to-date performance, and I'm excited about the opportunities that lie ahead. I'm now going to had the call off to Ana for her review of upcoming events for the financial community.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: It's always difficult at this point in the process to know what's going to end up on the balance sheet, it's something we're not going to amortize versus something we're going to amortization. That's why we tried to give you a little bit of guidance on an adjusted EPS basis, so if we're not really sure final noncash amortization will be.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Let me start Robert. In terms of a charge, there maybe a couple million dollars that we incur in the March quarter, but all of that would be factored into both the EPS guidance I gave, as well as the comments I made about the margins for the full year that we expect in that segment. So we're, excluding this charge, pretty optimistic and certainly we took all the actions we did on these products, because we think it really positions us and our customers well for the long term.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well Larry, what we're really saying is $0.10 to $0.20 in the first 12 months after it closes. We're anxious. We think this is a very straightforward transaction from a regulatory perspective, and we're hopeful to get it closed quickly. What we put in the press release, you'll note is, an expectation it certainly will get closed sometime during the first half of the calendar year. As to what would provide that big a swing, look, we haven't even closed the transaction. We haven't given guidance for FY '13. You're quite correct that we'll be able to narrow the range as each of those 2 things happen, but we're just trying to give people an initial feel for the magnitude of this transaction.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Yes. I don't think I quite broke it out cash, non-cash, but you are correct that there's $22 million of writing stuff off on the balance sheet, mostly prepaid licenses, those sorts of things. A little bit of capitalized software. And you had $6 million of severance, because as John pointed out in his remark, the one place where we did shut something down is we have stopped development on the Horizon Enterprise Revenue Management platform. Some of those folks have been very usefully redeployed on our expanded development efforts on Paragon, and we certainly continue to develop the Horizon Clinical product. But there's some net savings from that severance. And then the other charge was for the modest number of Horizon Enterprise Revenue Management customers where we had contracts in place. We've clearly reached agreement with those customers on how we're going to proceed with them going forward.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: The only thing I'd add, Larry is as we've talked about in the past, some of the regulatory pricing step-downs in Canada, there's one further step-down and that will create a little modest headwind for us next year as well.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well I think at least as I do the math, Charles, depending on whether you're towards the high end of the midpoint or low end of the midpoint, you don't necessarily go down sequentially. We're not trying to telegraph anything about the March quarter and don't particularly expect it to be down sequentially. We have had a pretty good year in MTS. And so it probably is less March quarter-loaded than the history of that business might suggest. The other thing, if you've heard us talk about over time, is as the transaction processing and payer-facing businesses in that segment have continued to grow and become a larger portion of the total earnings, those tend to be businesses that are pretty steady quarter-to-quarter and it's really the hospital software business that historically has been pretty March-loaded. So you put all that together, and we really have a much more even flow of earnings, excluding the charge across the year, and we're not trying to signal anything other than that.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Well, Ross, you know that we never comment on share buyback we're planning to do. I would just make or reiterate maybe the couple observations I made in the script. And that if you look at our domestic cash balance, it was a little over $2 billion. And we probably need in our domestic system, let's call it, $750 million or so. So there's a significant level of excess cash, which as you point out, has been sitting there for a while, and we don't try to every quarter sweep our balance sheet down to the absolute minimum cash balance level. On the other hand, we don't have a plan to forever sit on cash. You should expect to see us in the relative near to medium term deploy significant amount of domestic cash. And what you see from our board's action is we now have the flexibility, if the best way to do that is through share repurchase, to do that.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Ricky, I guess I don't see any relationship. We have a long track record of using our portfolio approach to capital deployment to make, what, everything smooths [ph], makes sense strategically and financially, and that's what Katz is. The VA is obviously a unique situation given the unique nature of the bidding process, and we'll just have to see how that comes out. But I wouldn't, in any way, tie the 2 together.
Jeffrey C. Campbell: Yes. There is a wider range than that. So we have stores that are even a little under $1 million up to that $3 million range. But it depends a little bit on how you define independent as well.
