John Hammergren: Obviously, we have continued to focus on margin improvement, particularly in our Distribution businesses and in particular, U.S. Pharmaceutical. When we guided to the 150 to 200 basis point range, we were probably down to mid-120s. And I think people believed that was a stretched objective and perhaps we were out of our minds to target that kind of improvement. We believe it was possible by looking at our historical performance and really, global performance of wholesalers and we believe that margin rate is still a great tribute to our success and our teams. I think it's a little premature for us to guide to future revenue goals or targets other than to say that our, I would say, we are continuing to focus on margin improvement as part of our business model, and that clearly a mix is assisting us there. We are selling more generics, as you mentioned. We are also selling a more private brand, and we continue to have great relationships with the branded benefactors. And so a combination of all of those things. Disciplined cost management and disciplined sell-side management as it relates to our relationships with our customers are all coming together to allow us to expand our margins. So we're really pleased with the results, and we're pleased that we're able to do that while we're still saving our customers' money.
John Hammergren: Well, clearly, we continue to penetrate the marketplace with our generics programs because they're increasingly more and more competitive than people might be able to achieve on their own. Clearly, there's an infrastructure cost that our customers can deleverage. And as I mentioned, we have a great portfolio of products where we do a terrific job of buying them. I think it probably is a stretch to think about the very largest customers buying their generics from us because they're very sophisticated in their own buying. But on occasion, we do sell generics to them, particularly when their own supply is not available to them. And we do see some revenue impact when our large chain customers buying a brand from us. And when it goes generic, they buy the generic on their own. But frankly, our margin structure and a lot of those relationships, particularly on the warehousing side, is so low that even if we lose the revenues, it's not a significant impact to us. And clearly, it's more than offset by the generic pull-through in the rest of our customer base where we have significant opportunities to save them money, take the patient money and include better margin structures for ourselves simultaneously.
John Hammergren: Sure, why don't I talk about the IPC serve-all situation, and Jeff can talk a little bit about the margin and its accretion to our earnings. And the IPC serve-all relationship has been a long one for us. It's obviously unfortunate that they've elected to take this action as filing a lawsuit. But we believe, obviously, the case is without merit and we intend to vigorously defend ourselves. In the meantime, we continue to focus on servicing our IPC customers and doing the best job we can as we have over the past decade, delivering high-quality product, highest service levels in the industry and great customer relationships. So I think that we have to focus on the customer, and we have to see if we can come to some mutual, acceptable end to this. And that's our goal, but we'll have to see where it lands.
John Hammergren: Clearly, the regulatory changes around generic pricing has a negative effect on that business. And this year, as we've mentioned, we've been able to offset and mitigate most of that risk, partly because we've had a lot of actions and plans underway that have been very positive for us. And partly because, as Jeff has mentioned, some of this has been rolling out later in the year, which gives us less of the challenges. If you think about the full year impact in the next fiscal year, it's probably premature to say what we'll be able to mitigate and offset versus what will perhaps be a visible drag in the business. Our goal, clearly, is to offset as much of this as we can and to work with our partners in Canada to find ways to do that, and hopefully, come out to the other side in good shape. But clearly, it's a challenge as we think about fiscal '12.
John Hammergren: Well, clearly, I think it's driven by many factors, including more generics in the marketplace. But we are growing faster than the market. So it would show that we are taking a larger portion of our customers' generic spend. So our goal has been, and we'll use the words penetration and compliance, we are focused on really trying to make sure that our customers understand that we have the best basket of generic products available for them at the best possible price and it's to their advantage to buy the holistic portfolio of products and not to attempt to go around it and construct activities. It would not be beneficial to them and clearly, would be dilutive to our compliance and penetration of the total spend. So I think I share of their wallet is growing up, and I think that's showing in our OneStop generic performance. We've also talked about the fact that we're expanding the program into other sectors, including the hospital sector, which we've talked about on previous calls. So we have new customer bases. We're starting out with a very little market share of their existing generic spend, and we're pointed into our proprietary programs. So I think it's a combination of a good market in the right time with the right dynamics. A great program, well developed, it's capturing a fair share of the margin structure available for us. And then lastly, laying the pipes into our customers and then getting them to buy our solution set.
John Hammergren: Sure, Lisa. I think the first thing we have to think about is whether the acquisitions make financial sense. And clearly, if you look at the effect of the use of the cash, the value of the target alternatives for use of that same cash, and it has to make financial sense. Perhaps not in the acquisition quarter because of one-time related issues, but certainly over time, it has to make sense. And we have to get a return for our investors that is superior to other alternatives that we might be evaluating, including the safer versions of share repurchases and dividends. It has to have a strategic sense for us. It has to be something that we know and understand and can build upon and we can grow and leverage. And hopefully, there are synergies that can be captured that our shareholders wouldn't be able to capture on their own if they purchase the asset on their own, particularly if it was a public company and they're holding it that way. So I think those are the big buckets. I don't feel like we're particularly constrained on our view of which segments we would buy into. And I don't think we're particularly constrained on geographic preferences. I don't think we're particular constrained on the size of the deal as long as you can kind of fit in those three broad sweeping categories. And we, frankly, are evaluating acquisitions all the time and have been for as long as I've been here. So you will hear from time-to-time that we're looking at something, and then you'll either hear that nobody bought it or it was never for sale or somebody else bought. But just because we're involved in evaluating transactions, it doesn't mean that we're always going to end up with the target in the end. So I think it's an ongoing process. I think we've got a skilled team with a proven track record of being able to pick the right targets, integrate them appropriately and get the value for our shareholders. And clearly, as was discussed earlier on this call, things like Oncology Therapeutics Network, OTN, which was a drag on us, I think, for almost two years, as I recall, we told you it was going to be dilutive upfront and it was going to be very beneficial for our shareholders over the longer haul. Frankly, it positioned us extremely well in a very high-growth sector in specialty and oncology, and we're really pleased we have that asset. So it may not be apparent always upfront. But the value of paying for the acquisition is equated in the near-term results. But clearly, if we have a plan that we can execute, then we'll go forward and we'll deliver against those expectations that we have in that acquisition as well as per se and the many distribution acquisitions within where we just rolled companies into our Distribution structure so...
John Hammergren: Well, I think sometimes it's a combination of all of those things. It might be the assets we want are not available, or maybe the assets we want are not priced where we want them to be priced or we're busy doing something else that it's got our team focused on another activities. And so now you may not see results from those activities. It could be that we're rebuilding our technology management team right now. And we may not be actively pursuing technology acquisitions. Dave Souerwine is there focused on that recovery of that business. So from time-to-time, we're in and out of the markets, and I don't think you should draw any major conclusions out of it other than when we are able to successfully execute on one, you'll hear about it. And also, Lisa, I might just mention it. It's clear that when we don't have acquisitions in front of us, we're not afraid to do share repurchases, and we've done over $1.5 billion this year. And I think our shareholders should be comforted in the fact there we're not waiting around for decades to deploy capital, that we understand the value associated with doing it sooner rather than later.
John Hammergren: Well, I think that the trends we see in our Medical businesses, and to remind you, we're not really involved in the acute care medical supply business. And our systems business in acute care is really not affected by patient demand levels. So we see very little -- we don't track data related to admissions in hospitals or surgery procedures in hospitals because the sale of our product in the hospital marketplace, the system sale, is not really related to that. It's more driven by the need to upgrade their systems or they'd become our compliant, et cetera. On the nonhospital business where we are strong, physician offices, home care, long-term care and emergency centers, emerging care centers, those kinds of things, surgery centers, we have seen relatively flat demand. But I think our team has done a particularly good job of continuing to expand our footprint, not only within our existing customers like selling through our private label product, but also expanding beyond our existing customer base and probably taking a share, in particular, in home care, where we've got a very good presence. So I think we are continuing to see our ability to grow revenue in Medical-Surgical as evidenced by the 5% growth this quarter, and we hope those trends will continue. And our team is now really focused on continuing to execute. And a larger view of physician office visits, et cetera, clearly, I think that those really haven't changed much in the last 12 months. But that's sort of a 40,000 foot view.
John Hammergren: I think the way to think about Horizon ERM, the Enterprise Revenue Management product, and our view from a revenue perspective and the long-term plans is that, as Jeff mentioned, because of the push out from our customers' perspective nor it could support from an accounting perspective the balance sheet amortization that we have. As we think about the long-term growth of that segment for us, I don't think we'll directionally change our discussions. I think that it's a part of the portfolio approach of products that we bring to the marketplace. And as we talked about this year, that sector we thought was going to grow in the 4% to 6% kind of range from a market perspective, and that we thought we would grow in those kinds of ranges. We haven't given FY '12 guidance. But I don't think sitting here that we will have a significant change in our view on how we're going to grow relative to the market because of this specific product line in the massive MTS, which is a much larger organization than financial systems for hospitals.
John Hammergren: No, it wasn't really material. It went up  to single out, and it was built into basically our thoughts for the entire year. It has a little bit different profile than most generics because it has a substantial utilization in institutional customers. But I don't think it was a big deal for us.
Jeff Campbell: And Larry, on the Distribution outperformance, we could calculate the number a different way. But I think you're in the ballpark with the tremendous strength that, that collection of businesses is showing relative to our initial expectations. And there's really a lot of drivers. I would agree with you that generics are the biggest driver, and it's important to think about the fact that that's generics in Canada, it's generics in our traditional U.S. Pharma business and it's generics in our Specialty business. And we're gaining in all three of those areas. We also, as John talked about, continue to we create growth in some of our private brand efforts, which is helping us in the Canadian environment. Some of the regulatory changes have been deferred a little bit from what we initially thought in our plans. And frankly, our team up there is doing a little bit better job than we might have anticipated it, managing their way through that. So it's really a function of all those things combined with the steady and strong economics we have in our relationships with the branded manufacturers that is so far driving us to a much stronger year than we have initially anticipated in those Distribution businesses.
Jeff Campbell: It's really, in Distribution Solutions, just that, just the way the year has worked out on both generic and branded economics. And then of course, we've been talking all year about the unusually strong back half in Technology Solutions, particularly the March quarter, just the way that the implementation schedules, and frankly, some of the certification and other product development issues around our clinical product suite have played out.
Jeff Campbell: Well, one at a time. So if you start in our Medical-Surgical business, I'd remind you that, that, in the context of overall, McKesson is a small business. And our seasonal flu profits are modest by the standards of the company overall as you're talking a couple of pennies a year. When you look, however, at the year-over-year results this quarter, we have gotten off to a much earlier start with seasonal flu vaccine. And that's a good thing. I will tell, I won't really know until we get to the end of the next quarter, whether it's a good thing but not that great because demand didn't continue or whether in fact it continued and we sold the rest of our vaccines. That business is important to us because it's important to our customers that we provide that service. There's always a little bit of variability here in how it goes. Today, we have in Technology business, really the drivers, as we've talked about are that, in our Hospital business, you got customers almost exclusively focused on buying and implementing clinically oriented systems. We have made significant investments in our people to make sure we've got the right teams in place to both finish the necessary development on the products, to meet the final requirements as well as get implementations done quickly for our customers. There's just a lot of implementation schedules to be done in both the December and March quarters. You also got a couple of the key clinical products that have both a  certification that needs to be done as well as a general availability target time line that needs to be hit. And both of those things, for certain customers, are tied to when we recognize revenue as well. So it's really that focus that drives the strong back half.
Jeff Campbell: Well, it's nice to get a pat on the back, and maybe we're so just focused on it. It's down year-over-year, and as John said, that's not the kind of result we expect to the business in the long term. But everything I just said applies to this quarter. So it was at its trough, if you will, in the first quarter of this year as we had invested a lot in additional people and a lot of resources and had very little getting through to the end of implementations, and got a little bit better this quarter. We'll get, I think, more significantly better next quarter and then a lot better in the March quarter.
Jeff Campbell: Well, we certainly, Lisa, never made comments about when we might buy shares back. We're opportunistic on that, and we think about it in the context of our overall portfolio approach to capital deployment. It's our commitment to our shareholders that we've talked about it, and we do intend to close for our target leverage and that could be through acquisitions, could be through using the new share repurchase. And we'll make those decisions as we go forward. If you think about the guidance, what I said is that while we started the year with an assumption that for the full year our weighted average shares outstanding would be 267 million, just based on what we've already done, we will clearly be a little bit below that. But we haven't necessarily built into our guidance additional share repurchase.
Jeff Campbell: It's really almost all just seeing the revenue pick up. So our expense base, operating expense base, like we mentioned, was only up 1% this quarter, for example, and is fairly flat going forward. So it's really all about hitting the milestones around implementation, certification and GAs between now and March 31.
Jeff Campbell: I think the answer is yes, and I'm just searching for a piece of paper, which I will confirm that answer to you in one second. So why don't you go ahead with your next question while looking that up.
Jeff Campbell: Well, we didn't give a specific number, Ricky, because as you know, it's going to depend on exactly where our stock price is, exactly how many people exercise options. So there's always a little bit of uncertainty. So that's why we went with just telling you, look, it's going to be down a bit. And you can kind of do the math based on what happened this year. That's probably going to get you to a number likely somewhere between 261 million and 265 million.
Jeff Campbell: Well, I didn't break out a specific number, Ricky. What I would tell you is that the revenues from Horizon ERM in fiscal '11 were not material. If you look out over the next two years, the remainder of the amortization period, we certainly had an original plan to sell and implement sufficient customers to justify the asset that we had on the balance sheet. What's really happened is that our customers in there, complete focus on clinicals, have not just stopped buying things for now other than clinical, but they've also pushed out implementations and stop implementing. You combine that with the fact that as we look at the way the environment and requirements to what this product needs to do has evolve, we also, frankly, decided that given what was going on with our customers, it made sense for us to step back, and frankly, focus on finishing out the development of this product to meet all the new and latest requirements. That's going to take us a number of quarters. And as we do that, we're going to aim for those few customers that want to implement. We're going to push some of those implementations out. The combination of all those things is what pushed the revenues out beyond the remaining amortization period. I think it's important to realize though that these products, these kinds of products are products that should have usable life spans of 10, 20, 25 years. So there's this accounting convention where we need to look at the next three years. But our full expectation and hope here is that we're building the next equivalent of some of our legacy revenue cycle product, which we still have happy customers running 20, 30 years after they put them in. And quite frankly, it's a pretty good financial proposition for us at that point in time.
Jeff Campbell: And Ricky, just to come back, to be clear for everyone, so our guidance of $4.72 to $4.92 is based on a first quarter EPS of $1.10 and this quarter EPS of $1.3 and all of that is continuing operations. We do exclude the litigation adjustments. And other than that, those are the numbers we go with.
Jeff Campbell: Steven, I'm always very conscious about looking at sequential trends because the reality is the timing of our economics with generic and branded manufacturers vary every year. And we have a pretty darn good sense of how those economics are going to play out over a 12-month period. But we don't have a very good sense of which quarter, and it varies every quarter. So part of our really strong year-over-year performance in the September quarter in Distribution Solutions was just a difference in timing that I mentioned in terms of our branded compensation. So you shouldn't, in anyway, relate sequential trend into that. In fact, some of the strong September quarter, that's why I made more moderating comments about the December quarter and what that will look like.
Jeff Campbell: Well, a couple of comments. The March quarter in every year is always by far our biggest quarter just due to it being the end of the sales year. And what you will see this year, that will be compounded by the implementation schedule and the certification and GA schedule. All that said, you should still see sequentially and year-over-year a much stronger December quarter than what you've seen from us the last two quarters. But March will be unusually strong. On the deferred revenue, we don't call out a number. There is a number on our balance sheet, which is not a particularly helpful number because frankly, it's driven by the very large annual payments customers make to us for maintenance. And again, we do that once a year, and then pull it out to that balance sheet item. So the number that's on the balance sheet is not huge. It's a part of what needs to happen and what will get recognized in the December-March quarter. But it's not the majority piece. The majority of it is just things that are not on the balance sheet today and will get recognize as we hit milestones.
