John H. Hammergren: As we chatted on the first quarter, we believe that some of our second quarter inflation was pulled slightly ahead into the first quarter. Our outlook for the year remains unchanged, down slightly from the inflation rates we experienced last year but still pretty robust. So the second quarter came in line with exactly where we thought it would be when we finished the first quarter comments.
John H. Hammergren: I also think, Eric, it's difficult to forecast when the minority interest or noncontrolling interest purchase would take place. And I think that's one of the other challenges is it may not be 100% in our control, given that they have the ability to put those shares to us.
John H. Hammergren: And also, I would remind the listeners that the operating -- operational control process that we're pursuing, that we believe will be completed by the end of the year, is not affected by the ownership position of the company. Once we surpass the 75% ownership position, it allowed us to pursue this activity, which will give us the ability to begin to realize the synergies that we've outlined. And so I -- they are 2 separate and distinct discussions: one is operational control, which is the process that's underway; and the second is the ownership -- the remaining ownership of the 24% that is not currently held by McKesson. And to affect operational control, we do not need to buy any of the additional outstanding shares.
John H. Hammergren: Well, clearly, the Celesio management team has a responsibility to comment on their results, and I think they did so this morning. I think stepping away from Celesio specifically and looking at the markets, clearly, there is continued price pressure in Germany, in the wholesaler side of the business, and which I think the industry has been talking about for some time. Clearly, the French economy has not performed at the level that some would have had expected. And there's additional pressure in that market. And Brazil has been a challenge for many of the companies that are competing in the Brazilian market. I think the -- anybody that has followed Celesio specifically would recognize that there have been certain operating challenges that they have faced and I believe that they're beginning to address. However, McKesson really can't be involved in their decisions and their actions to correct some of their challenges. I would also remind everyone that the synergies that we believe come from gaining operational control and that we've outlined on a continued basis remain very significant and we believe would also provide another vehicle to offset some of the operating challenges that may exist on a country level within Celesio. And clearly, they highlighted the strength of the U.K. business and the continued performance there, which I think is a positive.
John H. Hammergren: Well, the Rite Aid operational completion took place in the quarter, so I would suggest that not 100% of the results were realized in the quarter. But I do think it's certainly bounded by the range that we've provided and continue to support. Likewise, I would say the CVS contract renewal or extension was a -- was contemplated also as we thought about our comments last quarter and this quarter. So I don't think there will be any specific changes to our guidance going forward based on either of those 2 events.
John H. Hammergren: And I also would say, George, I guess to be more specific, I think you're accurate in your assessment that the strength of the underlying business has offset some of these challenges that we didn't contemplate. So as much as we are missing the margin related to 2 product launches, we've largely been able to grow through that by the strength in our proprietary OneStop Generics program, which even without the Rite Aid volume, grew by more than 20% in the quarter. And the strength in the rest of our operations that continue to deal with the headwinds delivered by the delay in the Generics, the headwind delayed -- the headwind related to the FX, the currency exchange rates, and the headwind delivered by Celesio's revised view of the rest of their year. All of those are built in and yet, we're still optimistic that we'll be within the guidance range that we've provided. So I think people should feel good about the underlying operating results of the business, given those circumstances.
John H. Hammergren: I think it's interesting when you talk about customers because each one of our customers experience their business in an individual way because they're a mix of payers, their view of inflation, their contracting processes, how they price their book, are all different. So I think it's difficult to lump everybody into a giant basket and say this is how they're being affected. And I think that independents clearly have a different book of business than the large chains do and certainly, mail orders, et cetera, have different vehicles by which they offset or take advantage of trends in the business. I would say that McKesson continues to focus on the success of our customers, and we remain extremely flexible in our relationships with our customers to make sure that they're afforded an opportunity to continue to enjoy the efficiencies of doing business with a wholesaler, while at the same time, taking advantage of the opportunities that they may have enjoyed outside of the wholesale channel in the past. I'm absolutely convinced that with the exception of perhaps one of our customers, all of our customers would benefit by buying their generics strictly through McKesson. And I believe that we will continue to make progress on our ability to grow our business on the Generics side more rapidly because of our increased penetration of our existing customers and the strength of our model going forward. So I have no doubt that we will continue to evolve our partnership with our customers in a way that adds value to them and grows our business at the same time.
John H. Hammergren: Well, you've heard us talk regularly and repeatedly about our success with our relationship with Rite Aid, which is clearly our largest example of an alignment of a customer buying off of our contract book and our ability to work together with our combined volumes in a way that delivers benefit to both enterprises. And I think that is the best proof point. I would point out that there are many voices in this discussion. And the voices have different objectives perhaps. And that maybe the objectives of some of those voices is to try to make sure that these purchasing collaboratives, cooperatives, joint ventures, whatever you want to call them are not successful in aggregating volume because it may be to the disadvantage of other people in these channels. And so I -- all I can speak to is the fact that we continue to get the benefits that we had expected as we entered these arrangements. Or we continue to build our book of business, which adds significant value to the manufacturing partners that are part of our solution going forward and deliver significant value to the customers that have availed themselves of not only the price points that are available through McKesson because of our scale, but also to the service offering that we make available to our customers that take them out of the logistics business that is clearly more superior coming from McKesson. So I would say that we remain extremely optimistic, and the data that we're seeing continues to possibly reinforce the decisions we've made around generic sourcing.
John H. Hammergren: Well, I think Steven, you asked a very good question, and this is a very confusing discussion for almost everybody involved in it because the definition of generic inflation is done differently by different people in the business. So I think it's important for us to explain how we think about it when we talk about our view of generic inflation being unchanged from the point from which we gave guidance coming into this year. Maybe James can give you a little color on how we define generic inflation.
John H. Hammergren: The other thing I'd say, Steven. I know you're off the line now, but I would say that remember, everything we say is related to McKesson's book of business and our mix. So I'm not sure that everybody's mix would be similar to ours or book, so that might be an additional variable that people can't reconcile.
John H. Hammergren: Now sure, Ross. And the PSS integration has been trending very positively for McKesson. We are through the phase which included the retention of the sales forces and the combination of our sourcing activities and the things we are doing around the brands and compensation systems, et cetera. And now we're into sort of the heavy-lifting phase, which is the consolidation of some of the distribution and transportation infrastructures of the 2 companies. Probably less risk, but maybe even more work, given the amount of energy that has to go into making these consolidations happen, but clearly, there's a lot of value left to harvest out of the integration as we take out some of this duplication from an expense perspective. But most important, I think, was our ability to retain the sales forces with their great relationships with our customers, to continue to focus on our customers' success and our performance with those customers, and now to take some of the cost out that's redundant.
John H. Hammergren: That's probably premature to guide on what we might see in the fiscal year ahead or beyond. I would say that our businesses are well positioned, that we know of the business that we've had the biggest challenge with in the EMR kind of space. We do -- we believe that our long-range guidance on margins should be in the high teens. And so clearly, we see that as a continued objective for us in the business. And we should be growing the businesses at or above market rates when we're post this transition of Horizon to Paragon. So I think we remain cautiously optimistic that we're in the right places at the right time. I would certainly point to you and to other listeners that know this business, that we have a very large footprint in medical imaging. Although we have a very significant market share there, the customers have not been focused on imaging products, they have been focused on buying products to meet their requirements from a Meaningful Use perspective. So some of the revenues in that business have been not growing, that we hope will grow again once people get past their obligations to meet government regulations.
John H. Hammergren: I think it's difficult to speak about this process with certainty. I can tell you that our expectations remain that we will get operational control this calendar year. There is a process that's outlined for it, and the parties that are involved have presented their facts and their cases as they see them in the process. And we're hopeful that we'll get an outcome that allows us to move forward with domination, like I said, by the end of the fiscal year. So I think it's difficult to say other than the fact that we remain optimistic and there's been no new news that would cause us to change our view of being optimistic about making it through this process.
John H. Hammergren: Well, clearly, there's a benefit in our transportation cost centers across the corporation when fuel prices are in a decline. I'd have to say though, Dave, they're -- in aggregate, they're not a material impact at all to McKesson. And that's something that we focus on in a real specific way. And a portion of our transportation is already outsourced so the benefit would fall to those contract agents that we use in logistics. But I think that it's certainly not a negative event, and we are encouraged by it, but it won't have any meaningful impact on our business.
John H. Hammergren: Sure, Eric. Thanks. We do see, I think, at the margin, an increase in utilization across all of our businesses. I think that almost every one of our executives would say that they believe that there is a certain amount of revenue increase being driven by just more patients in the system and patients in the system that have the appropriate coverage or at least some coverage from an insurance perspective. So I think that it has been a positive component to our results. And I think I'd also add that as people take on more risk for the patients and they're paid for performance, whereas we've talked about paid for value or outcomes, we find that the utilization of pharmaceuticals increases. It's the first and best avenue for people to go to if they have responsibility for a patient to make sure they're on their meds, they stay on their meds, and that I think also will continue to be a fuel for our industry. So I think that in light of what's happening, I think we remain optimistic that this is having some -- at least at the edges, some effect on revenue growth.
John H. Hammergren: Well, we continue to see innovation on the brand side as we've talked about with some of the specialty drugs that have come out. I have to admit that I'm not that close to some of the diabetes work that you refer to. And I do think that as we've talked about, we continue to see price increases on the brand side in line with our expectations and sort of the historical performance. So I think what -- reflecting that at a 40,000-foot level, I think we're pleased to see innovation returning to the brand world, and these companies are not only going to make a difference in people's lives, but they certainly will help provide additional fuel for our industry. So I think that, that would be my takeaway.
John H. Hammergren: Well, it's difficult to forecast specialty drugs or new drug launches in a sort of a uniform way. Clearly, some of these drugs will be launched in oncology, and we're very optimistic that when new launches happen in oncology, they're not only better for the patients, but they're also, because of our position in oncology, better for our business. And we benefit from the position we have in that marketplace and can help the manufacturers get their product not only through clinical trial, but also utilized in the correct fashion. And that provides an opportunity for us economically. The hep C product, because of its unusual orientation towards government buyers and mail-order buyers, has an unusual distortion, so to speak, in our volume because of our footprint in those markets. And so I would say that other specialty launches may not have a similar characteristic in terms of the uptake of the product. And so each channel has a different characteristic for us from an economic perspective. But overall, we're happy to see the innovation happen.
John H. Hammergren: Well, hep C has been a negative for our margins. As James discussed, it was a significant impact in the quarter for our margins and will continue to be a drag on our ability to get to our guided margin for the year, and that's why we've changed it and were specific about it. Over the long term, clearly, we believe this stuff will flow through the system and we were still confident with our long-term objectives of 250 to 300 basis points for Distribution Solutions. Clearly, we need to continue to evaluate the economics of these products as related to the service we provide to both the manufacturers and to our customers. And we need to make sure we're being properly paid by the channel for the role that we play. And hep C clearly would be a product that we would focus on, and future products of this characteristic, we would have to focus on to make sure that the dilutive margin effect that it's had doesn't continue.
John H. Hammergren: Well, that's a good question. I think the ability for us to be paid for affecting the competition would require us to have some role in the channel. And it's not clear to me that we would be in a position to tell our mail order customers, for example, which hep C drug they're going to put on their formulary. So in that specific example, it may be difficult for us to increase our margins specifically because of an additional launch in the category of another branded product. It will probably not provide the same ability for us to move share that, for example, generic drugs provide us. So I'm not particularly optimistic about that single event.
John H. Hammergren: Well, clearly, to the extent that these positives are pushed into next fiscal year, then that's where they will be realized. And so I think we remain optimistic that our position in Generics is doing nothing but improving. And that as our scale and our footprint expands globally, we'll be able to bring even more value to the market relative to the generic manufacturers and to partner even more closely with them. So yes, I'd say on the margin, we're excited about the Generic portfolio as we look forward.
John H. Hammergren: Well, thank you for the question, Garen. I don't know that we have a firm view on the time line or the potential outcome in terms of how long it would take us to gain operational control. I think if we don't get it in the fast-track process, we remain extremely optimistic that we will get it. And then it's just a question of why didn't the fast-track happen and what do we need to do to facilitate the right decision, which is to give us operational control later on in the process. And so I think it's difficult to speculate.
James A. Beer: Well, in terms of the initial guide, certainly -- obviously, we're reaffirming the guide that we've outlined earlier in the year so we feel very comfortable with the range. We have been surprised by the strength of the hepatitis C volumes. And they come along with lower margins, as I intimated. Without those 2 hepatitis C drugs, our margin would have been right around the 250 basis point level for Distribution Solutions. So hopefully, that gives you some sense as to the impact of those hepatitis C drugs on our quarter. So that was really an important driver, but overall, we still feel good about the guide even though we have the $0.04 currency headwind that I mentioned as well.
James A. Beer: Yes, that's right. So we referred to generally strength in branded pharmaceutical sales in terms of the mix. And those delays of products like Nexium and COPAXONE are important drivers within that theme.
James A. Beer: Well, in terms of capital allocation, we obviously have to be mindful of the noncontrolling interest that you're mentioning there. Also, we have to be focused on the larger debt maturities that we have coming due in fiscal '16, where the maturities move to the $1.5 billion type level, whereas this year, debt maturities have just been a couple of hundred million dollars in total. So those are important things to bear in mind. But having said that, nothing has changed in terms of our overall portfolio thinking towards capital allocation. And historically, that has meant a balance between M&A, internal capital expenditures as well as share buybacks and dividends. So that's how we're really thinking about cash and the capital allocation equation.
James A. Beer: Well, again, those minority holders have the right to put their shares to us or we would continue to pay them a defined annual dividend. So this equation is very much in their hands.
James A. Beer: Well, as we've said for our full year guidance -- fiscal '15, we're assuming 76% is going to be our ownership level for Celesio. And again, the core process defined through our independent evaluation are the rights for the minority.
James A. Beer: Well, I won't have a specific issue-by-issue breakdown for you. But as you note there in your question, we have changed during the year our guide for Distribution and Solutions margins. So originally, before we saw the hep C type volumes, we were thinking that we could grow those margins high single digits. And then as we got a better understanding of the hep C volumes during Q1, we brought that down to the mid-single-digit growth that we talked about 90 days ago. And what we're doing today is again updating that view for these continued growth on the hep C side as well as these other items that you're mentioning that are coming into play, particularly around the brand to generic conversion time lines. So you can kind of think of that margin point progression along the lines of the impact of the hep C drugs originally, and then this quarter, both hep C and the brand to generic conversion.
James A. Beer: And until we get operating control, we can't even have discussions with the manufacturing partners that include Celesio's volumes.
James A. Beer: Yes, our definition is for generic drugs beyond their exclusivity period. So you can think of those as the more mature drugs. So we would specifically exclude from our commentary those drugs that are just now converting from brand to generic. So again, the experience that we've had thus far this year leaves us comfortable with our full year guide that we would see generics outside of their exclusivity period, rising high single digits year-over-year. So as John alluded to a little bit earlier on one of his responses, that's a smaller year-over-year increase than we saw last year, but still clearly well above the historical norms for generic price inflation.
James A. Beer: And then also the way we think about the dollars that we drive from those price increases are very much related to the inventories that we have for those drugs that are seeing the price increases. So you would, I think, naturally see between that as well as the mix point that John is making, a variability across different parties.
James A. Beer: But all of that said, we still remain confident that we are going to get operating control in this calendar year.
