Jeff Campbell: Sure, Lisa. If I've got your question right, the $0.04 that we called out of acquisition-related expenses, which is integration and relocations and severance and things like that all flowed through the operating expense line of Distribution Solutions. And I think it's fair to say that's really the only one-time in nature kind of cost that we incurred in the March quarter. You, of course, have the full run rate of the normal operating expenses of US Oncology that do appear in that line.
Jeff Campbell: Yes, exactly. And roughly speaking, probably 6 or so of those basis points in FY '11 are from amortization and 4 are because you've got the $0.14 of acquisition-related expenses from US Oncology mostly flowing through Distribution Solutions.
Jeff Campbell: Right. And then of course, that would grow significantly next year probably to 8 or 9 basis points, where the acquisition-related expenses go way down.
Jeff Campbell: Right. And just to be very clear, Glen, if you go back last year, what we talked about year ago on this call is that if you pull out the extraordinary H1N1-related profits we experienced in FY '10, our margin in Distribution Solutions last year was 172. So you would compare that to the 194 this year and just to say it, if the 194 does include a big chunk of those acquisition-related cost from USON, if you would have stripped those out, you actually be up at 198.
Jeff Campbell: Right. I think it's probably fair to directionally look at it that way, Glen. In particular, when you look at the generic calendar as we see it and we're going to be more back-end loaded and if you just take a product like Lipitor and my public comments about our expected launch date, we're going to get a little less than 2 quarters' worth of value out of that. And so when you think about our industry, the players in the industry with different fiscal years are going to experience perhaps different dynamics related to these generic launches. But I think that we believe we can get margin expansion again next year. We had a terrific year this year and as these things play out, we should have momentum as we move into fiscal '13 as a result of the calendar of these launches.
Jeff Campbell: Yes, I think that's generally correct. R&D investment is up slightly, and we are expensing the R&D associated with our revenue cycle product, AGRM, [ph] when we had that write-off, we're continuing to invest in that product, so that when customers come back around the buy cycle, we'll be ready for them. But I'd say that the thing that was probably a little bit more of the surprise in the quarter versus what we normally would see in development expenses, et cetera, was the manpower investment that we did make and are going to continue to make, to make sure that our customers are successful in this implementation. In our view, it's really critical that McKesson customers get to this Meaningful Use as fast or faster than their peers and that we build this solid base of customers, so we have a go-forward platform that continue to add value to them and to our business over time.
Jeff Campbell: Well, one of the things you hear me say pretty much every quarter is there's always some quarter-to-quarter volatility in the tax rate, Robert. I'd point out that we went into the year, 12 months ago, with a tax rate assumption for you of 32% for the year, and we ended up at 31%, which is pretty close. But in between, we had some ups and downs. In this quarter, I guess I'd point 2 things really. One you've got ongoing discussions we are always having with tax authorities around the world and when you reach certain points in those discussions, you make adjustments to your tax reserves, and we had some positive adjustments on that front this year. The other thing is you do things in the business that cause you to reflect correctly that your estimate of future tax liabilities changed. So for example, we made some decisions about where we put distribution centers in the U.S. that actually will have a pretty meaningfully positive future benefit for us in terms of all of our state tax liabilities. So those are really the 2 things that drove the March quarter change. But, I guess, I'd finish where I started, which is for the full year at 31% versus our 32% plan, we were pretty close to what we thought at the beginning of the year.
Jeff Campbell: Mine is easy, John. So CapEx, you're correct. There is the addition of US Oncology. There's also a little bit of a step up in our spending around distribution centers tied a little bit to some of the tax comments I made a minute ago.
Jeff Campbell: Two good questions, Eric. So our intention is to be completely consistent. So we will pull out all amortization related to any acquisitions including some as you point out that are quite old, where it's actually running off. And just for perspective, the total amortization in FY '11 was $0.31 as compared to the $0.44 that we see in FY '12. Similarly, even when we do small acquisitions, we will track all of the amortization or their acquisition-related expenses, and to the extent it's material enough to even round to one on our financial statements, we will always show that to you.
Jeff Campbell: So, Steve, just to level side everyone. So this year in FY '11, we had $2.3 billion in operating cash flow and our guidance is roughly $2 billion for next year. As some of you have heard us talk about and Steven, you and I have had this conversation, it's remarkable in our U.S. Pharmaceutical Distribution business in that the day of the week the year ends on, can mean a swing several hundred million dollars year-to-year just because of the pattern of when we bill customers versus when they pay. And so that really -- that's change in working capital in '12 versus '11 accounts for pretty much the entire difference between what happened this year and what you see next year. It's also why in many ways, when you look at our cash flow performance, I always encourage people, and in fact, I usually try to show in investor discussions the cash flow on a multiple-year basis because any 12-month period can really get skewed by that last day of the year.
John Hammergren: Yes, and Lisa, when we looked at the numbers, clearly at first blush before you realize that US Oncology is in that run rate, it looks like it's expanded quite a bit. But when we normalized it for the one-timers and the inclusion of US Oncology, it was right in line with what we normally would expect the run rate to be in Distribution Solutions. So there was nothing unusual or alarming by what we did there unless for some reason, we missed something. But it looked pretty normal to us when we did that reconciliation. As to US Oncology and the integration, we are very pleased with the progress we've made there. It's generally in line with the plan that we had made as an assumption in the acquisition case, if not a little bit ahead in some cases. And our management team has pulled together as I've mentioned, we reorganized and set the leadership in place from a go-forward perspective. We've met with the main constituents on the customer side and reorganized our sales force as well. So, I think, that we feel really good about the progress we've made. As to retention, I don't know of any customer losses as a result of this merger or frankly, at all. Although I'm sure there is some in the normal course. And as you know, the US Oncology physicians in particular have very, very long-term relationships with us. And if anything, the McKesson customer base is looking forward to understanding more about the services and capabilities that we can now make available to them as component parts to the US Oncology offering as well. So as you know, we plan to continue to be just a world-class distributor for those customers, who want to continue to use us in the fashion of pre-US Oncology. But we also want to allow our customers the opportunity to explore additional services that we would not have had available to them as simply McKesson. So we're pleased with where we are.
John Hammergren: I think it's not really financially related. It's more organizational related and sort of momentum related. I think the teams are getting after the plans even more rapidly than we would have expected. I'm not trying to make a financial statement here. It's really a qualitative rather than quantitative statement about our progress.
John Hammergren: I guess, Tom, this is John. I think we believe strongly that this is going to be another very good generic year for us, and we're very optimistic about what fiscal '12's results will be from a generic perspective. The pipeline is expanding. Our sell-through to our customers continues to improve. The customers, we've been bringing value to it, and our ability to continue to source and do a good job of purchasing on behalf of our customers are all helping to fuel this. And then obviously, the schedule of launches is very attractive. And I would imagine the next couple of calendar years are going to experience that same kind of phenomenon. For our fiscal '12 though, I would say, the company is not carried entirely by generics. The rest of our business is going to perform well, and we expect that we will continue to be able to enjoy margin expansion, not attempting to put long-term guidance on us here. But we would not have come forward with a 200 to 250 basis point target range for our Distribution Solutions segment if we didn't believe that margin expansion over a long haul wasn't part of our plan. So is it possible that we'll have a year that's better than another year? Yes, maybe, but I think as we see it now, we expect to continue to grow, and I wouldn't expect at least certainly on here that we're going to have any real abnormal things other than continued strength in our business.
John Hammergren: Well, let me start with Technology Solutions. I think that our view is that we're quite pleased with the progress of the organization, and you know we've made many changes in our leadership team there. And frankly, if you go into the organization, we've made great progress in our development organizations and our implementation team. So I think we're doing, frankly, a great job of getting after the issues that we would have faced 2 or 3 years ago that are now rapidly behind us. I think from a go-forward perspective, the clinical products are going to be a little less profitable than we had expected primarily because of the work required to make sure that our customers got them installed, got them installed quickly and are getting to Meaningful Use. And the compression of the buy cycle and the compression of the implementation installation cycle required by Meaningful Use, requires that we apply resources perhaps in a way that's less efficient than we would have otherwise experienced had we been able to do this in a more kind of normal course of business way. So that compression was felt in the fourth quarter. We had to use good judgment in applying resources to meet the requirements that we felt were appropriate with our customers, and to make sure they are successful and that's why, frankly, we underperformed a little bit there from a margin perspective. So I don't think you're going to see a big "recovery" or bowl of this going into the next quarter. I think you're going to see the general trends continue and what we talked about was revenue growth kind of in line with the markets and margin expansion in that business, which is sort of the typical speech we give on that business, and we would expect that to happen next fiscal year as opposed to some big bowl of success. As it relates to OneStop, yes, it is a very successful program for us. It continues to grow nicely and we're continuing to gain opportunities and penetration. And clearly, global sourcing is an important point in that. One of the things I think that we are beginning to experience is that our customers are not only signing up for OneStop, but in some cases, they may be willing to, especially some of the larger customers, source a product or 2 from us as opposed to the entire portfolio. That's also provided us an opportunity to fuel our growth, where they might have otherwise gone into the market, they'll come to McKesson because of our sourcing power. And as you mentioned, I think, penetration continues to improve as well. So we're optimistic in where we stand with generics. I think the Technology business, the most difficult days are behind us. But it's not going to be sort of gravy going forward, it's going to be a lot of hard work, and we'll get after it.
John Hammergren: Well, Helene, I think that we -- this is obviously a comment on McKesson's view of generics and our portfolio of mix of business and how we look at the market. I'm not sure that I'm not intentionally not making an industry comment. But as it relates to pricing trends, we see that they will be similar to what we've experienced in the prior year from a trend perspective and that we should see nominal deflation as opposed to what it had historically perhaps happened. So we have a pretty positive view on that component of what drives the business for us from a generic perspective.
John Hammergren: Well, it's difficult to obviously break this apart and answer the question, what are the drivers to the stability or to our view of pricing. Clearly, availability plays a role in where people set their prices, as well as what the market's willing to pay for the product that is available. So I think that a combination of forces including market or manufacturer strategy and behavior have an impact on our view of pricing.
John Hammergren: I'm not really inside their businesses, so it's very difficult for me to comment on what investments they're making and how they're making the investments and the timing of those investments. But I just think from our perspective it's a priority for us to make sure that our customers have got these tools up and running, and we're making those investments. So it's just impossible, Helene, for me to comment on other's peoples P&L's especially at the levels that we would see them.
John Hammergren: Well, I think it's probably fair to say that the more value and service we can provide to a customer, the higher likelihood there is that we'll have a margin to reflect that effort, energy and investment. So I think the US Oncology business is accretive to our overall margin structure. So just the additive nature of bringing them into McKesson's financial statements has a positive lift on our business. I think furthermore, the comment we made around adjusted EPS, if you don't have to put the amortization of the intangibles associated with this in there, which we think artificially depresses sort of a cash view of this, that the business actually is nicely accretive to our company and to our margin structure. So I think that, overall, we think it's a good place to invest, and we'll get a return on that investment that's above our cost of capital.
John Hammergren: On the multiple question. Clearly, our focus is really on making sure that our customers are going to be successful and that our team isn't distracted in the process of fixing the business on several dimensions. So our challenges there have primarily been in the McKesson provider technology portion of McKesson Technology Solutions. So it's in the subset of the business, and I believe that our focus has been appropriate on making sure that the business is running the way we need to have it running before we sort of revisit the question of, "Where does this business reside?" Like always, I think it's our responsibility to look at our portfolio of companies, whether we're buying or selling we've shown evidence of our willingness to address those issues on an ongoing basis, and I think we'll have to continue to. But right now, our job is to focus on the business to make sure we're delivering for our customers.
John Hammergren: Well, I think what's good about our business is that it's a portfolio of businesses. As we've talked about repeatedly on these calls, the RelayHealth business is a Connectivity business that largely is a transaction business that has pretty steady and visible levels of income. Our payer business has grown in a steady way, and our technology business in provider facing technologies, where this issue is most acute has been focused really on buying clinical products for the sole purpose of accomplishing Meaningful Use. And as that focus went in that direction, frankly, some of the purchasing that would have taken place in other of our products that might have even carried higher margins has diminished. And so I think we have the benefit of having the portfolio, which means that we have steady growth in our business hopefully over time. The downside on that is we're not a clinical hospital-only company, where the benefit of stimulus is going to catapult us to some level of record achievement and then we're going to face this issue of falling off that cliff going forward. So I think we should expect this business to just perform steadily over time.
John Hammergren: I think it's impossible probably for us to forecast what will happen with pricing. A lot of it will depend on how those 2 manufacturers decide to go to market, so I'm reluctant to guess.
