Mark V. Hurd: Thanks, Safra. As usual, I'll try to give you some numbers behind the numbers. I think overall a very solid quarter for Oracle and a great Cloud quarter for Oracle. As Safra did, I'll give you numbers in CD. SaaS, PaaS revenue grew 33%. Bookings ARR grew 130%, double last year, and up double digits sequentially. Fusion bookings ERP, HCM and SFA all grew triple digits. Fusion bookings have grown more than 200% every quarter this year. We added 800 brand-new SaaS customers, nearly 800. Nearly 530 existing customers expanded their cloud services in the quarter; in HCM, 220 new customers; in customer experience, 407 new customers; in ERP, 160 new customers. ERP SaaS install base is multiple the size of Workday. We're adding customers at more than 10x the rate of Workday. Less than 25% of our ERP SaaS wins involve any on premise Oracle ERP customer, meaning that over 75% are net new to Oracle. I would give you a stat on SAP, but we never see them in cloud ERP. PaaS, more than 400 new PaaS customers in the quarter. Bookings up 200% sequentially. Q4 in PaaS is going to be very big. Premise software grew 6%. We expect continued growth. Engineered systems grew 15% in the quarter. We sold more than 1,000 systems, including over 500 Exadata units booked. Given competitor results, we're taking huge market share. Oracle will be the leader in high-end servers this year. And wrapping up, our cloud revenue is already above a $2 billion run rate, our SaaS/PaaS pipeline is already large and growing rapidly, and it's growing faster than what you're seeing in the bookings, that being the pipeline. We now expect Q4 bookings of $300 million, $50 million higher than before. We also expect FY 2015 bookings growth to be greater than 100%. You probably remember when Larry actually gave 50% growth in bookings as guidance at Financial Analyst Meeting, and we're going to double that number. Clearly, the migration to cloud is happening faster than we expected, and to Safra's point, that's great news for Oracle. It's great news for our customers and great news for our investors. And with that, I'm going to turn the call over to Larry.
Mark V. Hurd: Sure. I will start on the competitive environment. I would say that the competitive environment with Workday is different in HR than in ERP, EPM. In ERP, EPM our position is extremely strong. I would not call Workday competitive in that market at all. So let's put that aside. In the context of HCM, I think with each subsequent release of HCM, whether it had been release 7, release 8, release 9, and now release 10, we have simply engineered now a better product than Workday. And so I think, from an HCM perspective, head-to-head, they are in the United States, some strong fights. I think as our awareness, the education of our sales force and our references have gotten better, we now win more than half the deals in the United States. Outside the United States, our win rate goes up actually exponentially because of the breadth of our distribution in those markets. So that is sort of how I would characterize Workday. Also, any deal that comes up that's multi-pillar, so in many cases you wind up with an ERP competitive environment that then actually many times can drag in HR, and so we think competitively, Heather, the fact that we have ERP and EPM in the cloud, in SaaS with a strong lead, also benefits our HCM business as well. So out engineering, out distributed in almost all the world, as I've described big lead in ERP, EPM where I would not describe Workday as extremely competitive. Salesforce, I think perhaps different. Salesforce is clearly the incumbent in most accounts, not Oracle. We are, frankly, the guy coming up with a challenger capability, and we now bring a suite of capability with marketing in addition to sales automation. And we do a lot of things that they don't do. We really come to the customer with a different approach. As opposed to trying to help the customer basically report what the sales force is bidding on, we actually come to market trying to help the sales force, being our customers' sales forces, sell more stuff all the way from automating a marketing campaign to the actual process by which they communicate to the customer, get information about the customer, and actually go through a whole engineering selling process with the customer. And this is proven, you've heard it with our numbers. Our sales automation solutions in the quarter were superb. Marketing had a fantastic quarter. We are the leader in marketing. We are challenging very aggressively in sales automation, and we expect to give them a run for their money in every sales automation deal in the planet, but our differentiation, Heather, comes from bringing a suite of capability to help the sales – or our customers' sales organizations sell.
Mark V. Hurd: Yeah, so let me – there were a lot of questions tied up there, so let me try to hit as many as I can. First, I think to your point, when you look at our competitor results in high-end servers, we're gaining a ton of share. So just to make sure – you said growing a bit faster. All of our competitors really in this space are highly negative. And as we've talked about growth was 15% in the quarter, it is spread between, I would say, a solid Exadata quarter all the way around. We grew in Exadata, and this is going against, I know you know this, Kash, fairly tough comparisons with the success of Exadata last year. But we had very strong performance on some of our new engineered systems. So it was pretty well-dispersed. We had strong growth in SuperCluster in the quarter. We had strong growth in our Oracle Database Appliance. We had good growth in our Big Data Appliance, which is our Hadoop Oracle appliance that we brought to market. Our Zero Data, one of my favorite named products that we have in the company, the Zero Data Loss Recovery Appliance, contributed growth in the quarter. So the suite of products that we've brought to market in Engineered Systems as a group had a really strong quarter and while some of the numbers are small coming off of a baseline, they all contributed and they are all growing and in aggregate, we grew 15%. So I think our pipelines are up overall, and so we feel great about the quarter Engineered Systems delivered and great about our pipeline.
Mark V. Hurd: Yeah, I mean, I think, listen, we've seen a strong uptake of – well I shouldn't say that. Let me say it another way. The beginnings of the uptake of 12c, I believe that also helps, and it also helps in the context of what we see as 12c and the emergence of private clouds that exist within our customers where you see many of these architectural moves to these engineered systems as well.
Mark V. Hurd: Yeah, and they had a – frankly, we've got so much going on in the company, we probably ought to talk about them more. They had a very good quarter in Q3, as they've had over the past several quarters. Obviously, our position in retail was extremely strategic to our customers, and we've now added MICROS, which brought with it a great depth in hospitality and food and beverage. So our retail suite of expertise is not just in general merchandising but across food and beverage and hospitality as well. We had a very strong quarter in banking, and our expertise now in banking, we've grown our sales force, our ability now to help banks in compliance and anti-money laundering, many of the issues that our banking customers are facing today has become a tremendous asset for us. We've had a good quarter, and we continue to have good success in communications. And without going through each one of them, they do give us strong differentiation because when we sell in these industries, we're talking to business buyers. We're talking to retailers, we're talking CEOs, we're talking to head of merchandising, and I think next week Larry and I will be at our conference, our Industry Connect conference, and we'll have roughly 2,000 of our customers there, and they will be business buyers. They will not be what you would think of as typically CIOs. They will be people on the business side and it gives us a reach into our customers that frankly we wouldn't have without the investment we've made in our GBUs.
Mark V. Hurd: Thank you. To your point, Engineered Systems, I already went through it. It is now (42:00) a significant part of our hardware portfolio and grew 15%. M, while down, is a smaller piece of our hardware portfolio, being the M-Series of SPARC. T was down in the quarter, again, all offset by the growth we've seen in engineered systems. Storage grew in the quarter. We had significant, very strong growth in ZFS, if you will, our network attached storage product. That is not a new story, our ZFS growth, and I predict that will continue as we go forward. We have just released a new SAN product, FS1, that came to us through the Pillar acquisition that our engineering team has done a super job for us, and that represents, really, a whole new storage market for us now to go compete head up against EMC. So I believe going forward you will see a continuation of storage growth, the continuation of ZFS along with now FS1, a continued growth in Engineered Systems and we'll continue to push refreshing our SPARC base as we have since we've got – as we go forward. As it relates ERP, and you asked specifically about international markets, I mean, just for example in the quarter, just to give you some flavor for this, we closed ERP SaaS deals at FEMSA in Mexico at Saudi Telecom, at BAE Systems, at Hawaiian Airlines, at KPMG. I mean, these are all certainly very strong brands that are going ERP and ERP in Cloud, at least 75% of what I just named are outside the United States. So we've had very strong – back to just sort of the Cloud context which probably is at the core of question, I think I said a couple of quarters ago, we're just going to get better and better at this. And while the numbers are faster than I predicted and I wish I could've predicted them better two or three quarters ago, our sales force has simply just gotten more productive. They're better educated, with better products, and they now have references in virtually every single discipline and pillar that we sell in almost every country that we sell. And so what's happening is, it's very interesting, we're getting bigger and we're growing faster as we're getting bigger. And it's because of the multitude of these issues that I'm describing that have all now tilted our way after, frankly, 2, 2.5 years of hard work of getting our customers, similar to the last question, who now know their functional buyer. They know the head – the Chief Marketing Officer. They know the Chief Human Resource Officer. Our products have now gotten extremely mature and we've got references, and I think now that we add PaaS to our cloud offerings and I probably should've said this earlier, but I've been doing this a long time, and I've really never seen a pipeline grow as fast as our PaaS pipeline has grown. We've really released this at Oracle OpenWorld in October, and the speed of our pipeline growth, you see it just in the conversion to bookings. I actually, Safra and I get to see it in the benefit of the pipeline and it is just exciting times for Oracle. Back to Ken.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Okay. Let me just back up one second, and I think this is important. On our last quarterly conference call, I predicted that in our fiscal year 2016 Oracle would likely sell more SaaS and PaaS new business than Salesforce.com. I was way too cautious and conservative. Our cloud business is growing a lot faster than even I expected. Our cloud bookings are now growing at over 100% per year, so I'd like to revise my prediction. I now believe that Oracle will sell more new SaaS and PaaS business than Salesforce.com in this current calendar year, 2015. It's going to be close, but I think we're going to sell more in the cloud than they do this year. I suspect that might come as a big surprise to a lot of people out there. You won't have to wait very long to find out who's going to win this. With that, I'll turn it back over to the operator.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Okay. Well, let's start with the 12c adoption rates. The most important new feature we probably put in the database and sometimes in terms of customer enthusiasm is our in-memory database feature. And that, along with the multi-tenancy feature, are the two pieces that are really driving 12c adoption to higher rates than anything we've seen in about – for a very, very long time. So I think people are moving very quickly. Again, it takes years for people to move to the next version of the database. People are very cautious but they're moving more quickly than historical precedent to adopt 12c, for two big reasons. One is multi-tenancy and the other is our in-memory database option. So that's going exceptionally well. The use cases that are spurring adoption of Oracle, the Oracle database in the Cloud is the very simple fact you can take any workload, any database that you currently have running in your data center and move your database with the push of a button and move your application with the push of a button and run it in the Oracle Cloud. Nobody else can do that. If you look at the other PaaS vendors, or the second-biggest PaaS vendor, or, well, actually maybe they're the biggest PaaS vendor still. I'm not sure they breakout their number. Salesforce.com PaaS is based on proprietary technology that allows you to send salesforce.com applications. Our PaaS, our cloud platform as a service is based on two products: Java, the world's most popular programming language and an industry-standard, and the Oracle database, the world's most popular relational database and an industry-standard. We have enormous on premise usage, both Java and the Oracle database. And now people don't have to decide where they're going to run things. They can do tests and development in the Oracle Cloud and run production in on-premise. And then they can decide if they need more capacity, they can go from on-premise into the Cloud and back to on-premise. We're the only ones that allow you to move data and workload back and forth between the Cloud and on-premise. That's the primary use case we think that's going to drive Oracle PaaS to be the number one PaaS in the cloud very, very quickly. The third question is – as for HANA in the cloud, well, very simply, and I talked to a lot of people at SAP actually about S/4HANA in the cloud and people who have recently been at SAP. And you've got to understand one thing, this is the same old SAP. This is all written in ABAP. There's 30-year-old code in S/4 business suite. There is nothing new about this. They're simply hosting it on someone else's computer. I also can't find a website where you log on and try it. Everyone else lets you log on – you know, let's you log on, you go to a website if you want to buy our stuff, you want by SaaS, you want to buy PaaS, you go to the website, you get provisioned, and you go. Not so with SAP. This is 30-year-old code renamed S/4HANA. Now they did add a new user interface called Fiori to the old code but that's all they did. They did add another database that they support. They now support in addition to Oracle and Sybase and IBM DB2 and Microsoft SQL Server, they also support HANA. That's it. They've added one new database, they've added a more modern UI, all the old code in the middle is written in ABAP. Ask them. It's written in ABAP. It's 30 years old. We don't see them as a Cloud competitor. We actually almost never talk about them except when we get a question on the call. That's it.
Lawrence J. Ellison: I don't – ease of implement is easy to say, but we're getting our ERP customers – can you tell me, ease of implementation of what? And we think our Cloud ERP is very, is the best-of-breed in Cloud ERP. We think our Cloud HCM is now the best-of-breed in cloud HCM in the areas of user interface, which is usually what the people mean by ease-of-use. Better adaptive technology, which makes the implementation very, very rapid, a very rapid implementation, very low cost implementations we think are competitive with anyone out there. In fact, one of the reasons why our consulting business keeps getting smaller is because our applications implementations take so much less time and effort.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Well, I think a lot of things that used to take a long time will take less time. So manufacturers will run MRP much faster than they used to. People that used to get reports overnight will get those reports instantaneously so they'll have access to more information. I think there are some very interesting applications in terms of security for immediate detection of intrusion, being able to analyze the data so quickly we actually can do a better job in security, that's one of the big things that we've been working on for some time. I think there are a lot of existing applications that you used to wait overnight for. You'll get that data instantaneously, and then there'll be a host of new applications. But how revolutionary that will be, I think this is going to happen, people will discover these new applications over a fairly long period of time. So as excited as we are about in-memory databases and we have by far the fastest in-memory database in the world. But again, the first benefit is to make the existing apps run much faster. The second benefit, – and that will happen right away. The second benefit will trickle in over the years as smart people discover new ways to build applications they never thought, that just weren't possible before the in-memory database.
