Larry Ellison: The answer is I think there's no question. You're going to see a lot of database growth – a lot of database acceleration starting next year which we're a quarter away from. But we'll be fine in Q4. Again, its autonomous databases is growing pretty rapidly. But we expect it really to explode next year. And I really do mean very, very rapid growth next year. I'm not really ready to disclose our plans as to why I think it's going to suddenly spike but we expect very, very rapid database growth next year.
Larry Ellison: I acknowledge for interrupting. The really spectacular logos [indiscernible] there's some of them are pretty spectacular on there. But we have some that are much larger and much – and absolutely shocking. I've been alluding to these, but sometimes we're in the middle of an 18-month implementation. And the customer doesn't want any mention. If I could mention them all, it would be – it’s front page news. I mean it's a very big deal. Yes. I agree with you. It's an historic event. It is – I think a long time ago, I said there are two technologies that will drive Oracle's future, one is the autonomous database and the other is ERP. We are – reading the Gartner report, we are so dominant. Our product is so much better than anyone else's product in the cloud. We expect to get a significant number more than half of SAP's customers we’ll get. But keeping our own, yes, plus getting a lot of it from the smaller companies like M4 and Lawson.
Larry Ellison: Okay. So there are two lists. One, the first half of the list that I read and they're about equal sized lists where people that are already moved from SAP financials to Oracle financials. The second list where people that had partially moved to Oracle, but still were running SAP financials in some places. In other words, we don't consider it a complete win until we replace out. If we just sell procurement and supply chain and manufacturing and things like that, but they still run SAP financials we don't consider that a complete win. That's what we call our surround strategy. But once you start using our cloud products and compare that with SAPs on premise products, we think the vast majority of these companies that it started the journey, we'll finish the journey. And they'll want financials in the cloud, just like they have supply chain in the cloud, in procurement in the cloud. So yes, we expect company – we've already seen companies migrate off the second list. They buy procurement, they buy supply chain and they see, okay, I like that. And I'm going to buy financials. So yes, we expect all of those or excuse me, the vast majority of those customers to eventually standardize on Fusion Cloud ERP for everything. 
Larry Ellison: Yes. Well I think there are two things that are interesting about OCI. One on the security front. One is we believe security should be always be turned on and in other words, there is no light switch, security on, security off. We have these things called max security zones in OCI where you cannot turn security off and max security is always turned on. It's a safe place to go inside of OCI. No one has anything like this, where security is always turned on. You cannot turn it off. You cannot open up a link – a network link that puts your infrastructure and your data in jeopardy. That's one thing. So security is always on. The second thing is autonomy is very interesting, because the Oracle autonomous database, by the way, the Oracle autonomous database is not the only autonomous product we have. We have autonomous Linux that is the foundation of OCS, the foundation operating system inside of the OCI network. Oracle autonomous, Linux, Oracle autonomous database has no human labor associated with them. Okay. So everyone says, well, that's a huge cost saving. It is, but that's not the most important benefit. The most important benefit if there is no human labor, there is no human error. If there's no human labor, there's no human mission, there's no opportunity for an insider to corrupt the system. There's no opportunity for a user to misconfigure a system that creates a security vulnerability that will lead to the loss of data. So, we think one of the most attractive aspects of OCI, other than its high performance, low cost, all of that, everyone likes to pay less and they do with OCI. But we do a better job of securing your data than any other cloud vendor. We've seen that be the decisive feature in winning a lot of these deals with ISVs and end user customers.
Larry Ellison: So well we started 10 years ago to build fusion financials for the cloud to rewrite all – PeopleSoft ERP, JD Edwards ERP, and of course, Oracle E-Business Suite, we had these three separate on-premise ERP systems, and we decided a decade ago to rewrite all of that with the cloud. And SAP unbelievably, they just, I mean – and we did a very good job. We started a decade ago and we did, I think, a very good job redoing a big job, to say the least, redoing our ERP products for the cloud. That said, SAP chose not to rewrite their ERP products. Instead, they made a bunch of acquisitions. They bought Concur, they bought Ariba, they bought SuccessFactors, but they never – and we made some acquisitions also by the way, [indiscernible] and others right now at other things. But we rewrote everything for the cloud. SAP instead, embedded their own database called HANA and focused on this new database and never really rewrote their ERP code for the cloud. I mean, it's just an unbelievable error. They worked on a new database and the, the thing we're competing with at so-called S/4HANA in the cloud, is what the SAP calls it, is not a cloud product at all. It is the 35-year-old ABAP, this is written in a programming language called ABAP. Oracle Fusion is written entirely in Java. And it's been entirely rewritten overload over the last decade. SAP stuff is literally 30 years old. The same that they've always had, that they now will host for you. So I would say we did a competent job rewriting for the cloud, SAP just entirely missed the boat.  So SAP really is more responsible for our leadership position than we are. Again, they never rewrote their application for the cloud. It's unbelievable what's happened. And their customers are noticing. We offer a new release of our ERP system every 90 days. We offer new features and functions. That's how the cloud works. You are on the cloud, you get new features and functions, you are on this 90-day cadence. We give you more features and more capabilities every 90 days. SAP has nothing like that. It's not a cloud system. It's simply is okay, you can get the SAP S/4HANA and you can get it hosted by somebody, but they don't even have a cloud. They never built a cloud. That's what happened.
