Ken Bond: Thank you, Krista. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information, can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. Additionally, a list of many customers who purchased Oracle Cloud services or went live on Oracle Cloud recently will be available from the Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison, and Chief Executive Officer, Safra Catz. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q, and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or these forward-looking statements, in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. Chris, if you could please poll the audience for questions, we'll begin the Q&A portion of the call.
Ken Bond: Thank you, John. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours on the Investor Relations website. Thank you for joining us today. And with that, I'll turn the call back to Krista for closing.
Larry Ellison: Thank you, Safra. I'm going to start by repeating something Safra said. In Q4, Oracle's company-wide RPO increased 44% to $98 billion. In AI alone, we signed contracts with 30 different customers for $12.5 billion in new AI business. These astonishing RPO numbers 44% and $98 billion were driven by massive increases in sales of Oracle Cloud Infrastructure, OCI. So who are the companies choosing to use Oracle Cloud Services and Oracle data centers. Well, here are a few names: NVIDIA, Microsoft, Google, X AI, Open AI, coherent dozens more. In other words, the world's largest cloud companies and the world's most successful and accomplished AI companies choose to use Oracle cloud services and data centers. So can -- so why are they working with Oracle, because Oracle's Gen 2 cloud infrastructure is different. OCI's area network moves data much faster. And when you charge by the minute, faster also means less expensive. OCI trains large language models several times faster and at a fraction of the cost of other clouds. OCI’s Critical cloud software, the operating system and the database are fully Autonomous. At OCI, human beings do not run the operating system or the database, Autonomous software robots do. No one else has this level of autonomy in the cloud. Eliminating human labor eliminate human error. Almost all cloud security breaches begin with human error, eliminating the possibility of human error is the only way to make certain your cloud data is not stolen. That's it. The most important technology companies in the world are using OCI because it's faster, less expensive and more secure. Easy to say, not easy to do. Back to you, Ken.
Larry Ellison: Okay. Well, I think in OCI, we've talked for a while about our ability to build very small data centers, one you could put in a shipper, a submarine or a full cloud, a full Oracle cloud, we will soon have in six standard half racks to go into a conventional data center. So virtually any one of our customers could choose to have the full Oracle Cloud in their data center with every service, every service in the cloud. And they could scale that up quite extraordinarily large. So we talk about the fact that we can start very small and that's a huge difference between us and our competitors. So we can actually put it again customer by customer, small countries, we can do. What we haven't talked so much about is we're also building the largest data centers in the world. We talked about -- I think we talked briefly about one last call, where we can park -- it's a 70-megawatt data center where we can park eight 747s nose to tail in the data center, the huge AI training data center. While we're also building a 200-megawatt data center. In fact, this past quarter, we sold about half of that data center for the -- for a period of time. So we're now bringing 200 megawatt data centers online. So we are literally building the smallest, most portable, most affordable cloud data centers, all the way up to 200 megawatt data centers ideal for training very large language models and keeping them up to-date. This AI race is going to go on for a long time. It's not a matter of getting ahead, just simply getting ahead in AI, but you also have to keep your model current. And that's going to take larger and larger data centers. And some of the data centers we have that we're planning are actually even bigger. There -- some are getting very close to our there, say a 1 gigawatt, which is a pretty good-sized city or one enormous AI cloud training data center. No one else can span this range. And in every case, we have unbelievably fast networks that are part of this, the data centers we are building include the power plants and the transmission of the power directly into the data center and liquid cooling. And because these modern data centers are moving from air cooled to liquid cooled, and you have to engineer them from scratch. And that's what we've been doing for some time. And that's what we'll continue to do. And currently, we are leading the pack and being able to deliver that quality and that scale of data center.
Larry Ellison: I guess I can start. Well, we believe in giving customers choice. And customers want choice. Customers are using multiple clouds, not only infrastructure cloud, but they might have sales force applications or Workday applications – or they use multiple cloud in their business right now. So it's very important, we think that these -- that all the clouds become interconnected. So we're thrilled to have the connection with Microsoft and be building OCI data centers inside of it -- right inside of Azure. So the computers are next to each other to minimize network costs and network latency, which is all good things. We're doing the same thing with Google. We would love to do the same thing with AWS. We think we should be interconnected to everybody. And that's what we're attempting to do in our multi-cloud strategy. I think, that's what customers want. So I'm optimistic that's the way the world will settle out. We'll get rid of these fees for moving data from cloud-to-cloud and all the clouds will be interconnected, and customers can pick their favorite service from their favorite cloud and mix and match whatever they want to use and do it easily and seamlessly.
Larry Ellison: I'm going to take a swing at this one. We can -- every medium-sized on-premise customer that Oracle has could have a private -- full Oracle cloud where they have no neighbors. They are the only user of that Oracle Cloud, and we can install that in their existing data centers. Nobody else can do that. You have to move to the public cloud. Now we have public cloud, we have a lot of public cloud regions. We love the public cloud. But if you're very conservative and you want to absolutely maximize security and that's important to you. We can put in a cloud, a full Oracle Cloud, and we run it. We pay for the heart -- again, it's an Oracle region. We put in Oracle cloud region and let me just make up a name. Samsung, we could build a cloud region for Samsung. In fact, two cloud regions is for Samsung. We could do two cloud regions making up names, General Motors, Ford, any company. Those are pretty big companies, but much smaller companies as well. So we're the only ones that give you an option to have the full capability of a public cloud run by Oracle, all of our services, every single 1 of our services, you don't pay for the hardware, you just pay for what you use, put that model directly on your premises. And you can use it and no one else is in that cloud. We can do that. No one else can do it. We can put them on ships and on submarines, no one else can do it because we can start very, very small. All Oracle clouds are identical, except for scale. All Oracle clouds have all Oracle services. All Oracle clouds are fully automated because they're identical. They're fully automated. So one of the reasons we took a little bit longer to get our cloud out was because we built something quite different than what our competitors have. And that allows us to go from very small to very large, using the same automation software. I think some of our competitors, they're large data centers, some are quite different than other data centers. They might have different -- some services might be available on some data centers and not in others. They're not -- they did a very different approach to what we did. We had the advantage of seeing what all the other guys did and we took a different road. It took us a bit longer, but we think we're better off in terms of security. We're better off in terms of scalability. By the way, that means the ability to go down in size and up in size. It allows us to get to every corner of the globe, and provide a level of privacy for your data that other cloud providers cannot provide.
Larry Ellison: One last comment -- maybe one last comment. The other thing is our cloud was designed not for hundreds of regions, but for thousands or possibly even tens of thousands of data centers and regions. That's why we had to put in a high degree of automation. There is no way we could run these data centers manually. There are too many of them, and we're building them to do fast. We couldn't hire people fast enough and train people fast enough. And the risk of them making a mistake, an error is the risk -- well, they start exposing our customers' data. So they are highly automated. It's a little bit like I apply to myself, and comparing it to the satellites that Elon Musk puts in the sky. StarLink has -- they're more -- he has more satellites than everyone else in the world combined because, again it is a very different – it is a satellite system, Starlink, that's designed for a very large number of satellites that are highly automated. And same model lots and lots of them, 100% or nearly 100% automation to run these clouds.
Larry Ellison: Okay. All right. Well, we are building a very, very large data center, very big about half of a huge data center. We're building for them lots of NVIDIA chips, the new NVIDIA chips, the new NVIDIA interconnect, liquid cooled and they are primarily for training. I mean not inference things. It's we're doing masses and masses of training. And I don't know, that's what we're doing and the training goes beyond languages because now these systems are -- even the call -- even though they are called large language models, they really -- part of the proper name is probably neural networks, they're neural networks, and they're trained not just with language, but masses of images as well. For example, Oracle is very involved with taking biopsy slides and using microscopes to read biopsy slides, recording those images and then using AI to diagnose cancer from these biopsies. It is one of the projects we're working on the medical side of our business. And these large language models, strangely enough, are also looking at biopsies. They're not just reading things language. They are also looking at images and interpreting images. So that is actually a bigger and more complicated problem than understanding language. That's what's so exciting about -- again second time I mentioned Elon and Elon company. Tesla is very close to getting full service driving authorized in China. I'm not speaking at it at school. I think the Chinese government is moving along the full self-driving, self-driving in China. In order to train a car to do full self-driving, you trained on vast amounts of images because the car has to look at these images and then decide what it's going to do next. That's what it does. It doesn't speak, it responds to what it sees. That's a very different problem than answering a question posed in any language. So everyone is going to be training their models on imaging. That's a huge amount of additional data. It is a huge amount of additional training, and we are right in the middle of it.
Safra Catz: It's all about capacity. It is -- as we bring the capacity online wherever it's going online around the world is when those workloads are coming over. A lot of the engineering work is done in advance so that those customers know how they can operate. They bring smaller workloads, but the bigger workloads, they are just waiting for us to go online and make it available to them. It is really that level. We are scheduling them on our availability. And as I mentioned, our pipeline to take more deals is all about us just getting the capacity up and live and moving forward.
Safra Catz: Yes. Well, it's not a problem. It's just the schedule. As things come online, as the data centers go live or as we deliver the computers, they are just getting -- it's just very straightforward. There's no magic here. These customers have done a lot of the analysis in the engineering in advance and have tested us or competed us against our competitors and have chosen us very -- already understanding how we work, and they're just waiting for us to give them more capacity.
Safra Catz: Yes. And because as Larry said, because whatever the deployment model is you don't have to compromise. Some of our competitors may offer some level of sovereignty or some level of disconnected, but they don't actually have all the services for us, and the reason we've been so successful is whether it's disconnected or sovereign or whatever it is, the customer always gets everything. All services, not just some services and they get to deploy it any way they want, and they get the security or the regulatory requirements, sovereignty may be very critical. And for most governments, they don't want their data in the public cloud out and about. They want to have its sovereign to their country. And so no compromises, no compromises on the services and no compromises on security.
Safra Catz: Much, because we are so much faster when you use our cloud, it is new. It's modern, but it also is technical advantages and so it runs your workload so much more quickly. And when you pay by the minute, the second, the hour, if your workload ends in [1/10] (ph) time, you pay a 1/10th the price. That's very hard to compete with.
Safra Catz: Okay. I would tell you that both of them, both whether it's database at Azure or even the AI workloads as they come on board, they are all incremental to anything you saw so far in our revenues, okay? The database at Azure, those centers are just going live now. So even though we are selling quite a bit of ARR there, these are small and growing very, very fast. So the revenue in Q4 of, let's say, Azure was very small. Q1 will be 10 times as much. Q2 will be potentially 30 times as much. So it is extremely incremental to our current run rate. By the way, that is also true to -- we've already -- we have revenue -- AI revenue so far. Yes, we do, and we've been announcing those. These contracts that we are signing -- that we've signed at the end of Q3 and that are signed at the end of Q4 are so much larger in size that they will be incremental to everything you saw this past year, literally incremental added by quite a bit. So it is going to be -- this is a very exciting time, obviously. And everything is incremental to what you've seen so far because it dwarfed it in many ways.
