Safra Catz: Raimo, maybe I'll start and then Larry can add in. I think that one of the things has become incredibly obvious during this pandemic is that companies that have closer digital relationships with their customers, their employees and their suppliers are doing much better than those that don't. And the work from home and all the data, that capabilities, whether it's mobile or otherwise, once you have that implemented, your ability to adapt to changing business situations is so much better if you've moved to the cloud, and also capabilities that you may need can be supplied by a vendor like ourselves where, for example, as we've discussed, we rolled out health and safety to our HCM customers, so they could better work with their employees and monitor and advise them regarding COVID. And there is no question that digital transformation is the top goal of companies and those companies that had been delaying or moving slowly have brand-new urgency on it. And of course, because we are ranked and I think it's our third year in a row in the top right-hand quadrant on Gartner really with no one even close to us, we are the number one choice for moving to Fusion ERP and other back-office applications. So for us, I have to say that there is just incredible momentum and commitment from our – from prospects and customers and for companies who have been on-premise either with our products or historically with SAP where they just can't continue like they did.
Safra Catz: Well, you and your colleagues have been following Oracle for a long time and you know that when we talk about investing, we still focus on increasing profitability, okay. We're not like many of these other companies that when they invest, they lose money or they don't make more money. We will make more money this year, while investing and accelerating than we did before. So that's our expectation is we don't have to pick. We've never believed we have to pick because we have differentiated products that are very high value. You know how we run the company. We don't waste money. We spend it on things that bring returns, and we're very careful about that, but we have so much demand worldwide right now for really our cloud product lines pretty much across the Board, whether it's our Database Services, our Cloud at Customer, our OCI Gen 2, our Fusion products, it's just such a great time that even though we're going to invest more, we will make more. And so we just don't think you have to pick one or the other. It's just a matter of – this is an important time for us to invest, but we're going to make more money.
Safra Catz: Yes, I mean, one of the things I didn't mention was that consumption at Cloud at Customer is up over 150%. So you need to understand that once Cloud at Customer, they take a while to set up and then once they start getting set up because it's a little bit more complicated. We follow a very, very special security model and what we do is, it's really a land-and-expand model. The customer brings in some workloads and then they realize how incredible it is. And it runs their database workloads, it runs their other workloads so quickly, so cost effectively that it just builds in momentum. The thing that, as I said, it takes a while to actually land and get it all set up, but now it's gotten to be a good size and then it's just accelerating for us. And so that's really where we're at. It is a global product. It is completely differentiated, and it is very profitable for us. And it fits the need of our customers because remember their Oracle workloads in particular really, really run amazingly, but also those are their most important workloads often and those have to be perfect. And that's really – they have to be secure, they have to be performing, they have to be always up, and they have to be economical for them, and it's just a – it's a perfect match for what they need.
Safra Catz: Well, I don't like to be cut short. That's for sure. And so I want to make sure I have enough, but we do have enormous demand frankly. So this is what I always call a high-class problem, but we try to make sure that we manage it very, very carefully. I thought it was worth it to take on quite a bit more inventory, but it is getting used up very quickly all the time. And we stay very, very focused on being able to deliver to our customers, the demand, but we have such accelerating demand that we have to stay vigilant to make sure we've got what we need, where we need it and in the quantities that we need it.
Lawrence Ellison: Yes, I'll add. Your question about services, we have pretty much made the migration away from on-premise implementations where all of our staff is focused on cloud implementations. And during that transition, every time we go through one of these transitions, it looks like something isn't growing or worse yet something is shrinking. Well, in this case, the on-premise stuff went down until it almost went away. And basically all of the implementation services you see for applications are cloud implementations. We've now made the migration and that should just grow steadily as demand for those systems increases. We really don't have a lot of competition. That's the understatement of the year in cloud ERP. I'd love to know who the competitors are. SAP doesn't have a product. When we – we're in a competition with the SAP right now and we've just gotten – we just found out, we're vendor of choice and their big thing was SAP doesn't have a cloud product. They have hosting. They're willing to put a custom computer in Amazon and just build a specialized version for the customer. That's not the cloud. We update our applications every three months, the entire fleet of 8,000 Fusion customers are updated every three months. The entire fleet of 28,000 NetSuite customers are updated every six months. You get SAP, they install it and then they probably will update it again five years now. It's an on-premise system. They don't have a cloud system. We're winning every deal against them, everyone, and we're taking a lot of their customers away.
Lawrence Ellison: Well, I think the big question was, I think, the big issue that remains open about Oracle – I would say, it probably still remains open about Oracle is can Oracle compete with database against Amazon? It's interesting question because Amazon doesn't really have it. Well, Amazon has like 13 separate databases where the Oracle data, we do everything in a single database. We don't think an application should talk to five or six separate databases. We think it's a very risky security architecture. But the question is Amazon is the big leader in cloud. We're the big leader in databases. Well, if forced to choose, will they pick the Amazon Cloud and a database other than the Oracle Database? And - or are they willing to move to migrate their Oracle applications to the Oracle Cloud to get the Oracle – all the security and performance advantages of the Oracle Database? That’s been the big question out there. And with our cloud good enough to compete with Amazon and Google and Microsoft, and I think we have answered those questions. It's not only good enough to compete. It’s - in many cases, it's much better for security, for performance, for reliability, for cost, we're cheaper. And that's one of the reasons we have such a big ISV business. And so many people have left Amazon and come to the Oracle Cloud was because we cost less. So we have significant cost advantages. And I think this is another big step to proving that the Oracle Cloud is part of the big four. It's not a big three. It's a big four. I'm not including the Chinese players because they're regional or not global. I'm counting the Gartner sequence and the Gartner sequence is Amazon, Microsoft, Oracle, Google. And if we're in the big four and virtually every important database application on Earth runs – I mean, not everyone, but the vast majority run on the Oracle Database. If those migrate to the Oracle Cloud, we have a very, very large business, and we're seeing people moving more and more things to the Oracle Cloud. Now in this Gartner report, we will just help – we'll move that along quite nicely.
Lawrence Ellison: By the way, it's not just the Gartner report. If they come and look and they run, if they do a comparison, a straighter comparison us, Google, us, Amazon, they test the application in both places. We win all of those. It's when they don't come and look that we have a problem.
Lawrence Ellison: Yes, I'd like to just second that with an example in the past, recent history where when we bought NetSuite, we considered NetSuite strategic. We thought this is a company that it should be growing even faster than it was independently as a part of Oracle. And so we made a number of investments in NetSuite, and we've seen their growth – NetSuite has gotten bigger obviously, but their growth rate has increased and we've invested, but we've made more money and we're growing faster in NetSuite. So I think that's the model that Safra likes to implement. And it seems to be working pretty well at NetSuite. We don't see why it would be any different in a larger business like the Oracle Public Cloud.
Lawrence Ellison: Absolutely. We have corporate customers. They've been with us for a while that are expanding. Maybe the most interesting thing about this is, are the ISVs because the ISVs, I mean they are in the cloud business. I mean, that's their whole business. They run – their primary expense is running their cloud operations. And when a number of those companies move from Amazon to Oracle, I mean, I'll give you a bunch of examples, then they really take a close look at the economics of what they're doing the reliability of the system. Zoom is a famous example, but there are a bunch of other ISV examples of companies that have moved from Amazon to Oracle. So that is really very encouraging. But we're seeing it now in our corporate customers as well. They move a workload. That works, they wait. They move in two or three more workloads. That’s continuing. So we think again, as Gartner report is one more step in the right direction in terms of encouraging our corporate customers to move even more workloads and accelerate the rate. But have we seen a pattern? Yes. We move a workload for a customer, and move a second workload to third workload. Once they understand, it works smoothly and the economics are advantageous. They just move more workloads on a continuous basis and that's what we are experiencing.
