Mark Hurd: Alright, thanks Safra. We thought Q3 would be strong going in and as you can see it turned out to be just that. I'm going to give you a bunch of numbers hear and try to give you a little bit more insight to the quarter. First, in ARR, we booked 545 million in USD. Every number I'm going to give you was actually in CD, I want to say it differently. 545 in USD, 547 in CD, that is up 73% and the second best quarter we had ever had. SaaS bookings were 322 million in USD and PaaS infrastructure bookings were 223 in USD. Cloud revenue was up 72% and we're now in an annualized $5 billion run rate. Saas, Paas revenue was up 86%. We're the fastest growing scaled cloud business in the world and that is on top, that growth rate is on top of last year's 60%. In ERP, we were up 280% organically and with NetSuite ERP is now our largest pillar. Fusion HCM was up 106%, that's more than three times the growth rate of Workday. CX was up 16% with marketing and service both over 100 million in quarterly revenue. Our vertical is up for 109% and also over 100 million in quarterly revenue. Database as a Service was up 427%. Our database business including all of our on premise businesses net revenue. PaaS was up 375% year-to-date, with cloud services up 300%. As Safra mentioned Saas, PaaS billings were up 111% in USD, Saas, PaaS deferred revenue was up 75% in USD. Now, some customer metrics, 1,125 new SaaS customers in the quarter, 908 expansions, 210 customers who bought SaaS also bought PaaS. CX, we had 480 new customers and 586 expansions. In HCM, we had 206 new customers and 217 expansions. In ERP, we had 564 new customers that did not include NetSuite; we got 120 expansions. 50% of our new ERP customers never had Oracle ERP before they bought this quarter. Our active base of ERP customers is now approaching 3,700, 1,465 are live, 10X Workday. In total we now have 13,103 customers in our SaaS active base and 25,000 with NetSuite. Two thirds of our new customer wins were for Fusion. 243 Go-Lives for Fusion, 2,444 customers are now live on Fusion. We have 2,380 PaaS customers in the quarter and 2,586 new customers buying standalone infrastructure as a service. As a point of clarity, PaaS and infrastructure customers accounted for each service that they buy. Lastly, this was an excellent quarter. Bookings, billings and revenue were all extremely solid. Now, a few predictions, Q3 bookings growth was strong, as I mentioned 73%. We will book at least 2 billion in ARR this year. Q3 revenue growth was impressive at 72% and with revenue now and an annualized run rate of 5 billion; we're clearly the fastest growing cloud company at scale. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Mark Hurd: Kirk, I thought good about Q1, I thought good about Q2, I feel good about Q3, I didn't feel any major change. It's just really the timing of wins, bookings closed. We had a very strong set of quality wins. I mean if you win into HCM, I mean just to give you some idea Kirk, we closed America Movil in the quarter, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Ford, Emerson, Hilton, Hyundai Motor, Jefferies, Rogers Communications, I mean we had a very strong set of logos in the quarter. I mean in ERP, we closed ClubCorp, Cummins, Lufthansa, Dish Network, I mean it was just a - I could go on. I don't have time to tell you all of these deals. But we saw it going in, we felt it would happen. It did and I think our team executed well. I would say Kirk that there was no - it wasn't geographically centered and it was pillar centered. As I mentioned earlier we had credible growth in ERP 280% organically, we had a 106% growth in HCM, we had strong in our sales automation business and it wasn't unique to one geography, so in the quarter broad based, cross pillar, cross geography. In terms of going forward, our pipeline is big. I mean I said before, I'll say it again. Our pipeline's growth, if you looked at it year-over-year resembles all of the growth rates you've heard in terms of what you've seen in terms of our bookings growth this quarter. And I think our execution just continues to get better. I'll also add in the quarter that NetSuite's performance accelerated. So from the last reported quarter in terms of bookings growth, their growth in the quarter, which for them was an odd thing because they're not used to having December, January, February quarter, but when compare it apples-to-apples, they grew faster than the last reported quarter in terms of bookings as well, so it's a very good quarter for us.
Mark Hurd: It is a big change for us in ERP. This is not the world of two providers and I was talking about upgrade cycles. What happened to us in ERP and I go back to the fact that 50% of our customers in the quarter were just brand-new. So, they never had bought ERP from us before. Ad what happened is our total available market has just become incredibly large. If you looked at the persona of our customers that are in the ERP cloud today, they were not - most of them, more than 50% of them today were not in Oracle ERP customer her before they bought from us. So, I don't think, cash, it's really more of a cycle. I think it's really more of just an inflection point for us in terms of - we're now at a place where we have almost 4,000 customers in ERP SaaS. Many of our on-prem customers have not moved and yet we're in a position where we can go get a whole set of customers that we never had access to before. Mid-market customers, we can do that globally and we can go now for customers that want to move to a SaaS application in the cloud and get all of those benefits. Frankly, our competitors' user bases have all opened up to us. And so, I don't see it quite as a cycle of that. I see it as a big change in the opportunity for us in terms of the total available market we can go after. Larry may have a comment or two he would like to add as well.
Mark Hurd: Well, I mean, Phil, there is a lot of questions you had in one question there. So, I mean I think the point we've continued to try to indicate is that we've seen a continual connect first PaaS to SaaS. So, we've got a bunch of SaaS customers who typically buy an application and now we're starting to get up into where we see 20%, 25% connectivity. When somebody buys the SaaS application, they buy PaaS. I think part of what we're talking about with attach with infrastructure is it becomes a bit harder to differentiate in some cases what is a pure infrastructure and what is PaaS, because the customer now buys the computer, buys the computing, buys the storage, et cetera along with PaaS and so you begin to get upward and to a degree of the infrastructure business and the database business, but no question about it. We continue to see the attach rates continue to incline of PaaS to our SaaS business, which I think was your - at the core of your first question, Phil.
Mark Hurd: It's absolutely a general purpose workload, because Oracle database is a backend. We have no idea what that application might be. It could be on our backing application. It could be our DNA, basically our matching application. There are millions or tens of millions of Oracle applications running. They're going to have to move the infrastructure as a service and the backend will probably run all the databases in PaaS, but we have to have a completely generalized infrastructure as a service offering that we built and we think we have performance and cost advantages with our new Gen 2 over both Amazon and Azure.
Larry Ellison: Thank you, Mark. Let's say, generation two of Oracle's infrastructure as service cloud now has the ability to run customers' largest databases, something that is impossible to do using Amazon web services. Amazon can only run relatively small Oracle databases in their cloud. Gen 2 of Oracle IaaS also delivers ultra high database performance and form caller reliability in the cloud. Many Oracle workloads now run ten times faster in the Oracle cloud versus the Amazon cloud. It also costs less to run Oracle workloads in the Oracle cloud than the Amazon cloud. As a result some of our largest customers' are negotiating huge infrastructure as a service contracts to move all their databases to the Oracle cloud. You can expect some of those big deals to be announced in the coming weeks. Fast growth in the infrastructure as a service business is new for us. We've done well on SaaS and in PaaS over the past few years, but this is the first time we've ever had a technology lead in infrastructure as a service. We're now in position to help our hundreds of thousands database customers move millions of Oracle databases to our infrastructure as a service cloud. SaaS and PaaS are large, rapidly growing businesses for us. Together SaaS and PaaS grew 85% this past quarter. But soon infrastructure as a service will be growing even faster and before long infrastructure as a service will become Oracle's largest cloud business. In summary, all of Oracle's cloud businesses are growing rapidly and IaaS will be leading the way in the future. Thanks.
Larry Ellison: No, again, I couldn't agree with Mark more. Our ability now to service much smaller customers than we could have serviced in the past is because the cloud allows you to deploy ERP in much, much lower costs. You don't have to have ERP. You don't have to build the data center. Obviously, you don't have to hire programmers. You don't have to hire a bunch of data operations people. We do all that for you, and therefore the available market has at least doubled what it used to be. And we're also beginning to see, as Mark said, SAP customers moving their ERP and some very, very large SAP customers looking very closely at our ERP systems. So, we expect to have some big wins in the SAP install base, so we're definitely going out from there in the coming month.
Larry Ellison: I will give you one thing that's important to note that our cloud business, our license business per database is growing. So, our on-prem database business continues to grow. I'm not talking about the board, I'm talking about new licenses. That business is growing and grew this past Q3. An awful lot of our customers are planning to move their database workloads to our cloud, but they're going to bring their own license. In other words, they own a bunch of Oracle license and they're just going to move those licenses to our infrastructure as a service. So, we expect our database license business to continue to grow. That should continue to respond kind of as it had in the past. In other words, the cool new features become available faster in memory processing, the ability to take an existing single tenant application and automatically turn into a multi-tenant application to be very attractive to our customers and our ISDs, they will buy more licenses, they may then in turn bring those licenses to the cloud. So, we expect our on-premise or better said, our database license business to continue to grow and accelerate because of 12.
Larry Ellison: Well, we have a very, very large database business. We have hundreds of thousands of database customers and we have millions and millions of applications that run on the Oracle database. Most of those databases and most of those customers will move most of their databases and most of these workloads to the cloud. And we think our cloud will be - right now we have a huge technology lead over both Amazon and Azure with our new Generation 2 infrastructure as a service. We can deliver ultrahigh performance. People have been buying these Exadata Database Machines and are getting used to running very large databases very, very fast and we can deliver comparable ultrahigh performance at very, very low cost in our cloud. So, we think how long does it take to migrate several hundred thousand customers and several million databases to the Oracle cloud and I think the rate of migration is going to accelerate over the years, but it's going to be at least a five-year run of very, very rapid growth as our database business begins to move. You've seen what it's like. Our application business began to move to the cloud several years ago and - but that's a little bit different. I mean we built all new application and they migrated from an old application, either an SAP application or an old PeopleSoft application or E-Business Suite and they migrated to our new Fusion ERP suite. That's a very different than simply lifting up an Oracle database workload and moving it over to Oracle. The application goes to infrastructure as a service and then the database goes to platform as a service. That's the faster process, but a much larger install base. Again my estimate is that business will move over - the majority will move over the next five years and that's going to give us enormous growth rates over that five-year period.
Safra Catz: Yes. For our database customers, when they come in, they can order PaaS. They can bring or they can bring their licenses, use IAS and as a general matter when they are running a database where they got something else too and so they're going to need some IAS to actually run their application when they're not our SaaS application. So, we're seeing these together very often. And so, I figured as we've now moved - as we're moving to our more advanced IAS from what you used to have, I thought I would break it out for you to see it.
Safra Catz: So, I expect that when you look at the entire year, it will be double-digit growth, but it will start smaller and get bigger as we get through the year. So, Q1, I don't know right now. It's a little too early. We'll talk again as to what I'm going to see. Things look nice. But I'm going to - we'll talk again in June on Q1. And I think by the end of the year, the only question is, which quarter would drive into double-digit? And it's a little too early to tell but I expect to see it for the year.
Safra Catz: Yeah. I mean there is really nothing in it. It is pretty much just timing of when we paid stuff and things like that. I mean we would be filing our Q, our plan is to filing on Friday. You can spend the weekend digging through it. We dug through. There is nothing interesting going on whatsoever. We're growing and it's really just timing of different working capital impacting account, really nothing in particular.
Safra Catz: Sure, for us it's no big deal actually. It's really very much a non-event. I do hear one of our competitors talking all sorts of stuff about it. No, stuff for us to minimize [ph]. Maybe they're trying to talk about something else, but in our case we're not actually early adopting, but it doesn't make a difference really. Zero impact whatsoever on cash flows and no impact on what we disclosed to you or any of the things that these other companies talking about. For us it's really nothing.
