Mark Hurd: Thanks, Safra. I'm just going to start with a few customer wins for the quarter and then make a couple of comments and I’ll turn it over to Larry. First, in ERP wins, Avis Budget Group, Barrick Gold, by the way also bought HCM at the same time, Baylor Scott & White Health, ERP and Fusion HCM; Blue Cross Blue Shield of Florida Fusion ERP, Broadcom Fusion ERP; Caesars Entertainment, Fusion ERP and HCM; Dubai Ports, Fusion ERP; Eastern Line Technologies, Fusion ERP; Master Lock; MTM Group; William Morison Supermarket, all Fusion ERP; and HCM Arthur Gallagher; City of Memphis, again Dubai Ports; Grant Thornton; Henkel's McCoy, Marina Healthcare, also MTN brought HCM; National Oilwell Varco; Principle Financial Group; First Group, also William Morrison Supermarkets, and a really-really large U.S. bank who bought HCM from us which is one of the largest HCM transactions in ARRs that we have ever received. With that a couple of comments on a quarter. Safra mentioned our revenue numbers up 6% with software and cloud revenue year-to-date, up 8% and operating income up 10% and EPS up 16%, up 20% in Q2. We talked a little bit about our ecosystem. Our app ecosystems year-to-date is up 12%, we continue to grow faster than the market. Less than 15% our apps customers have started to move their core apps to the cloud. Between customers that are partially moved and those not started yet, we have an enormous opportunity. SaaS bookings ARR, ARR was roughly where I expected it to be in Q3 and with SaaS revenue now approaching $5 billion, I'll focus my comments on SaaS revenue as opposed to ARR. SaaS revenue up 24%, now over $4.6 billion run rate, ERP up 62% organically, overall ERP is now $1.5 billion annualized run rate. Fusion HCM was up 71%, that's a revenue number, doesn't include the bookings that I described a couple of minutes ago, verticals up 20%. Now we move to tech. By the way on the verticals, I want to mention the 20% growth is compared up 110% last year. On our technical system, year-to-date our technology ecosystem is up at 6% with the database ecosystem also up at the same time roughly 6%. And again we’re growing faster than the market. The fact is that we are taking market share and with autonomous database just beginning to show up in our pipeline, this will only strengthen our technology ecosystem growth. As the infrastructure revenues up 28% with our NexGen PaaS infrastructure business growing 56% and we’re already over $1.1 billion annualized run rate. A few highlights Oracle clouds, which includes database and service, up 34%. Public cloud infrastructure was actually up 142%, storage infrastructure up 82%, compute infrastructure up 121%, network infrastructure up 181%. Cloud revenue of 25% growth now at $6.3 billion annual run rate and 80% of our trailing 12 months software and cloud revenue that are now recurring in nature. We're executing well on a big and growing pipeline. Our pipeline is at a record level and our year-to-date performance with top line growth at 60% USD and 16% EPS growth reflect our success. Looking forward for the full year, I expect our apps ecosystem as I said early in the year will grow around 10%. The tech ecosystem will grow around 5% and our EPS will be above 10%. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Mark Hurd: Raimo, it’s why I continue to try to focus here on the ecosystem number. I mean I think again without autonomous database frankly being GA at this point being generally available as Larry mentioned a bit in his comments. We grew the tech ecosystem 6% and it shows up in different categories. It shows up in license and again licenses today are not really on prem, licensees are now currency that you can use in the cloud or you can use it on prem, so licenses are now able to be used both ways. And so we’ve seen strong database, I’d say strong database momentum in the context to being able to licenses and use in the cloud or on prem. By the way, we continue to see support grow in database at the same time. And you saw as I mentioned in my comments, growth in databases of service simultaneously 34% at all of the core next gen infrastructure categories grew in excess of 100%, storage is actually up 82% but compute up 121. We saw a good momentum. And again, the key for us so is that all tech eco system growth and I think with autonomous data base as we get a GA and build references, it’s going to do nothing to get better.
Mark Hurd: For example, as we fully diployed database multi-tenancy in our SaaS, let’s say we double our capacity without spending one penny on hardware. We can help twice as many customers, twice as many transactions, twice as many users without spending one dollar. So those are technologies we can add that allow us to dramatically improve our SaaS market.
Mark Hurd: I would like to add one thing to that is that we have some very high growth rate SaaS businesses like ERP and HCM, and we have some that we developed organically and we have some slower growth rate SaaS businesses that we've acquired many years ago. As the mix changes, you see all the growth is coming from Fusion ERP, Fusion HCM, NetSuite, it's also we expect after the quarter, this quarter -- great part of this quarter. As you see this shift to the higher growth rate SaaS services, I expect as our mix changes Fusion ERP, Fusion HCM and that's where it became a larger percentage of the total, again to growth mark, the math just says the growth rate should accelerate because of the mix change. I also think that's very important. Also the renewal rates, the renewal rates are much higher in the high growth SaaS services. So Fusion ERP, Fusion HCM, NetSuite have much higher renewal rates than we have in some of the older acquired SaaS products. So the combination of faster sales and higher renewal rates should dramatically increase our growth rate in our SaaS business. So you raised a simple question and you got a lot of guys in there…
Mark Hurd: And as you see fusion becoming a more and more -- a larger and larger percentage of our total SaaS business then the change in mix you've got -- right now you would certainly have a very large fusion SaaS business growing at a high rate was then works those slower growing acquired businesses. So the reacceleration again to grow Mark it's just the matter of amount.
Mark Hurd: Well that was about 20 questions. So I'm going try to do my best to unpack it. I guess we were talking -- you started talking about database and then you introduced my comments on acceleration, which was mostly in apps and mostly around one portion of the apps ecosystem, which is SaaS. Let me go to tack answer, and Larry is going to want to chime in on this as well. The concept around BYOLs we don’t want our customers to pay twice. So they get the opportunity to buy our license they can bring that license with them to the cloud and they can bring for example a database license to the cloud, and I'll take advantage of that by the appropriate infrastructure compute, storage and then with that perhaps some automation. And if the customers choose to buy that way that will improve our license business in the way it's reported and it may have an effect on our cloud business and tech. And that's why I focus you on the ecosystem growth and the ability for us to grow faster. And then you have to add to it. We are just really bringing autonomous database to the market now. So that's going to go through its phases to bring the market. That and I told you this John over the past several quarters, our tech ecosystem without autonomous database, it's been taking a little bit of share. I think autonomous database is the most important thing we've announced in years. And I don’t think the autonomous database -- I don't want to be sarcastic, because I don’t want to be miss-print it, it will accelerate our tech ecosystem growth.
Mark Hurd: And I guess I would just say that, I know how badly everybody want to micro analyze every single number, and it’s why I’ve tried to focus you back on this ecosystem. We’ve grown our software business year-to-date 8%. Some of that shows up in license. Some of that shows up in cloud. Now, we have a couple of drivers we’ve talked about on the call. We’ve a autonomous database, that’s going to show up in both license and cloud, it’s a fungible currency in the context of how -- to the earlier question, but I can now buy a license and I can bring it with me the cloud, it could show up in either buckets. And again focusing on the overall ecosystem growth is important, the apps, we've talked about the user base and our ability to migrate to that user base, what effect will that have, that will show that apps support revenue goes down, SaaS revenue goes up. And so these things are going to go on simultaneously and again I'll say it one more time, I think trying to micro manage every line is probably the long way to look at the company, because we've got multiple drivers here, but they're all driving towards more overall software growth, some could come in cloud, some could come in license, but we're going to continue to gain share in both ecosystem segments.
Mark Hurd: Well, I think my answer maybe yes. But I do think at the core of it is what we talked about earlier, bring your own license, gives now the customers instead of having to figure out how much I am going to buy here or there, I now get the ability to commit to a technology and we now -- we get the customer now have a currency that I can bring to whichever monument I want, whatever quantities I want. And it now gives the customer ultimate flexibility and that's what customers want. So BYOL was a concept has given our customers a lot of relief, you add to that the fact that we also move to universal credits, now gives the customer the opportunity to make even a cloud decision and reapply those credits across multiple cloud services. So this is a very -- Heather, I would say, a very customer friendly environment we created now in terms of the way they acquire our products and it’s having an effect on the market.
Mark Hurd: Well, the amazing thing about the autonomous database is the only database on the planet that requires no human labor to administer the database. There are no DBAs tuning the system, there are no DBAs applying security patches, there are no DBAs backing up the system or recovering the system, it's all the done automatically. But with the bulk of the cost of running a data base is human labor, it's not buying the software, it's not buying the cloud surface, not buying the hardware or the cloud services or anything else, it's the human labor and we basically take that to zero. So there is huge value up by getting without this human labor. By the way, it's not only cost savings so I think I said earlier in my opening remarks, we also eliminate human labor, you eliminate human error that gives you a much more secure system, nobody forgets to patch something. And your CEO ends up getting fired or on the front page of the newspaper, no one forgets to apply security patch and your data is stolen, that's all automated. So you have a much more secure system. You have a much more reliable system but you have to be willing to pay less, because human beings cost a lot of money and we've automated them out of the system. So we think this new autonomous database is again maybe the most important thing Oracle has ever done in terms of data management and we are the number one data management company on the planet right now, and have been for some time. We think this is a very big deal. We think the bulk of our customers are going to move the autonomous data base. Now when we talk about migration, when you move from an on premise database to an autonomous data base, you press one button because you don’t have to set up indexes or retune it or do anything else, your data automatically moves from on premise into our autonomous database in our cloud running on high performance year that pretty much guarantees to give you -- if you’re running Exadata on premise it will run at the same speed. If you’re not running at Exadata on premise, it will run 10 times faster by moving to the cloud. And it runs multiples of times faster than Amazon. Now -- okay Oracle’s got a faster database than Amazon it's no big surprise there. But the interesting thing Amazon charges by the minute and we charge by the minute is our prices are essentially the same or close enough. If we run 10 times faster, we are 1/10 the cost of Amazon database and that's what it is. So I mean we’ve been all the public benchmarks are, you can go and look at them, we're 1/10 the cost. We automatically apply security patches, we eliminate human labor, it's a huge benefit to our customers to move to the autonomous database, it just went live a couple of weeks ago and we expect it’s going to change the profile of our company forever.
Mark Hurd: Well one in ERP, we are the leading vendor in the world, and the number two company is hard for me to find. So let me start with that. So when I look at SaaS, there is no other company that has the ability to take customers to the cloud with a true SaaS offering. So full stop. Second, we have an inflection point clearly with our user base. So our user base as we’ve tried to talk about today has only begun to move. And so just to the earlier question imagine what happens to our applications revenue, when we multiply three to one, actually our revenue doubles, our support revenue doubles, support revenue gets three times that revenue in the cloud. All I did in that math was talk about our user base. The bulk of what we book today in many cases is outside our user base.
Mark Hurd: We are gaining share from other companies. So I don’t want you to walk away from this cold thinking I got it, their SaaS revenues really limited to their user base. I just talked about that in the context of one catalyst to our SaaS revenue, which is converting our existing customers just upgrading them to the latest version of ERP, which is SaaS. I truly believe the opportunity is materially bigger than that. Most of the ERP market doesn't sit with SAP by the way, doesn't sit with the -- the majority of the market doesn't sit with Oracle or SAP, it sits with this category called others. And as others would like the opportunity to move to SaaS, we're in the best position in the world, worldwide to move those companies to SaaS. So moving our user base has a dramatic implication on our applications ecosystem. If we're successful to continue to take share at the same time, yes, it's a pretty exciting opportunity for us. And that's why you hear us talk about it so much.
Larry Ellison: Thank you, Mark. Oracle was fully autonomous self-driving database is now available in the Oracle cloud. No other cloud provider has a fully automated database. One that automatically and immediately applies security of assets without requiring any scheduled downtime. Oracle's autonomous database features are absolutely unique. There are more autonomous cloud services to come. Over the next few months, we expect to deliver autonomous analytics, autonomous mobility, autonomous application development and autonomous integration services. Oracle's new suite of autonomous PaaS services delivers an unprecedented level of automation and cost savings to our customers. Our highly automated suite of autonomous PaaS services reduces cost by reducing human labor and improves reliability and security by reducing human error. No other cloud provider has anything like it.
Larry Ellison: It’s a straight math, so at our current SaaS business and you now play out we’re spending $1.3 billion roughly speaking expense when you reverse engineer the gross margin. To Safra’s point, we’re just simply not having the dialog right now, dialog in the context of more expense. So if you just sell forward our bookings, you put $1 billion of revenue on the top, you’re roughly at that number.
Larry Ellison: There's a lot wrapped into that quote that I put out there. And so let me try to unpack it a little bit. So in terms if you looked at core, meaning I have core e-business suite solutions and I replaced it with a cloud financials SaaS application. That percent of our user base has moved is below single digits. The less than 15% number we put out is the percent of our user base that has some cloud applications that they are now using. The percent of our user base that is in our pipeline now, is getting to be fairly extent, it's multiple 10% of our user base. And to your point when we convert a AI and traditional on premise application to SaaS, we typically get 3 times the revenue. The bulk of our bookings, the bulk of our revenue today is not from our user base. In addition, one of the biggest users we have has now just migrated to the cloud and that would be us, Oracle. We have migrated the entire company to SaaS, that's an important point because we've moved really the suite of ERP capabilities that we had traditionally on premise now to cloud. So to your point the ability to accelerate that growth rate and I have not given this number what we could do by taking market share and all of the above, which we truly believe we are and we’ll continue to do by just moving the user base does turn us into a very, very large SaaS business and to your point very well accelerates our growth rate.
Larry Ellison: And the reason I say to you because it's important to understand we actually don’t have a SaaS business that really grows at the rate we report SaaS. We have acquired businesses that are growing low single digits that we've had for a while, Fusion growing mid-60s with the potential to grow higher. We have NetSuite that we acquired that's growing mid to high-teens, but to Larry's point, we think it's going to start we're start to seeing the numbers grow faster and then vertical businesses that are growing roughly 20.
Larry Ellison: Well, there is no doubt that BYLO, when you're bringing your license to the cloud, encourage your customers to continue license purchases, it did give a buy more data base licenses, continue to buy data base options like multi-tenancy to buy data bases, data base options like real applications clustering and the like. So you will see -- and again our customers love the idea that once they make an investment in the license, they can use that license on premise or in the cloud, you can deploy it either place. So where historically people have thought of our license business as our traditional on premise business that is -- in fact that is simply not the case. In fact, our license business is now more and more -- our licenses are being deployed in our cloud. By the way, it’s not just -- they're not just being deployed in our cloud, our licenses are being deployed in the sales force and the SAP cloud and the Microsoft cloud, in the Amazon cloud. So again, our license business is not our legacy business, our license technology business not a legacy business. These licenses are going to be used and are being used more and more in modern cloud, not just the oracle cloud but our competitors clouds as well.
Larry Ellison: Let me try to be clear about this as I could be. With BYOL, when someone brings their database to the cloud, some of that revenue goes into license and some of that revenue goes into cloud. Without BYOL, as we didn't have BYOL, and someone -- an Oracle customer went to the cloud, when 100% of revenue go to the cloud. So there's no question BYOL has lowered our cloud revenue and increased our license revenue.
Larry Ellison: Let me just, real quickly. On the applications business, if someone moves in the e-business suite to the Oracle -- to Fusion ERP, they stop paying support, support goes down and a 100% of the Fusion ERP revenue is recognized in the cloud. This is in contrast to our tech business where if someone has an Oracle license or buys an additional Oracle license and then brings that license to the cloud, our license business stays the same or goes up. And part of the autonomous database that's running in the cloud is recognized as part of a license and support business. And part of the revenue for the autonomous database is recognized as cloud revenue. So it's split. So these two businesses operate very differently. In our applications business, we're migrating people from an older generation of applications to a new generation of applications. We're actually changing from one product to another. We're changing from e-business suites to Fusion ERP, which is a different product. One runs on-premise, one runs in the cloud. Our tech business is very, very different. Oracle database on premise, you run the same Oracle database in the cloud. So we don’t expect any shrinkage. As Mark said, we expect our license business, our new license business, our license and support business for tech, specifically database, to continue to grow even as people migrate those databases to the cloud.
Safra Catz: So in running our SaaS business, it’s really now getting to a scale and we’re able to use the number of new technologies that we’re rolling out through the business that is giving us a lot more capacity. So before we had to invest more for the same amount of users than we do now and so we’ve got quite a lot of capacity improvement. And in fact we’re not going to need to make too many more infrastructure investments into the SaaS business and yet handle a much larger install base. I don’t know if anybody else wants to add to that…
Safra Catz: And to clarify, first thing you understand that that 15% have started, this is not 15% have moved all of their apps to the cloud, they just started so this is ton of room here…
Safra Catz: Well, I don’t usually tell you in advance how much I’m going to buyback. So we did $4 billion in this quarter, seems like a reasonable amount to do. Haven’t really -- don’t really know what to tell you, because I don’t usually give guidance from my buybacks, don’t expect it to exceed that in the next quarter.
Safra Catz: Actually, all you’re really seeing is seasonality. If you’re asking our cancellation rate way up, they are not. And in technology and especially with BYOL there’s absolutely no reason. And in some cases for customer to cloud in the apps business, you will see cancellation. They are transacting not that large in the overall base. And so the overall cancellations for the company are actually the same. So they’ve moved at all. And all you’re seeing for the quarter is seasonality. I don’t know Mark if you want to add anything…
Safra Catz: It just happens to be when we do the renewal. So I think you will see a return. And because you asked -- you compared a full year to one quarter and I think you will see that it recover I mean as Mark just said, on the tech side -- and remember also that some of it has to do with first year support. So since we’re selling less apps licenses, we have less first year support associated with those licenses. And so -- and that’s been for the past few years, so the amount floating is a little bit less, cancellation rates are the same and then we have some folks on the app side migrate. But that’s it, still growing.
