Lawrence J. Ellison: Thank you, Safra. In Q1, the transition away from selling low-margin commodity servers to selling high-margin engineering systems increased both the gross margins and the overall profitability of our hardware business. In Q2, we will accelerate that trend when we introduce 4 brand-new engineered systems products. Each of these new engineered systems optimally combine Oracle software, Oracle silicon and Oracle hardware to deliver extreme high performance, fault-tolerant high reliability and improved ease of use. The largest of these new-engineered systems is the fault tolerant SPARC Supercluster, featuring our new SPARC T4 microprocessor that runs up to 5x faster than the T3 microprocessor it replaces. Our new feature-rich Solaris 11 operating system and the ultra high-performance Exadata Flash disk storage system. The SPARC Supercluster runs the Oracle Database applications faster and less expensively than anything available from IBM. Thus, we expect that many customers in our large SPARC Solaris installed base will be upgrading to SPARC Superclusters. Mark, it's all yours.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Well, Hadoop and all of the associated utilities with Hadoop, which uses the term big data for all of that, is going to be one of the feeder systems to the Oracle Database. We have announced interfaces that allow you to take your Hadoop systems and connect them to Oracle systems so you can load your Hadoop data into Oracle. So we think it's going to increase the usage of Oracle. Furthermore, I mentioned we're going to come up with 4 new-engineered systems, one of which is SPARC Supercluster, and we're also going to have a big data engineered system that we're going to introduce at Oracle OpenWorld. So we think as more and more data gets computerized, a lot of that data finds its way into an Oracle Database and it allows our database business to grow at an accelerated rate.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Well, I mean, I'll tackle that. I think certainly next fiscal year, we would expect our overall hardware business to have top line growth, no question about it. And the transition right now is we've got -- our Exa line almost doubled in the quarter in Q1. Our overall SPARC line was up on servers. Our x86 commodity line was down, and Sun had a practice of selling x86s at very, very low margins and we reward our salespeople based on margins. So we don't make money selling low-margin commodity x86 boxes, and our salespeople don't make any money selling them. And therefore, they're not -- we're deemphasizing that business. That business is shrinking. However, our profitable businesses in servers, the Exa line and the SPARC line, are growing. And also, in storage, our ZFS system is growing. Our Pillar system is growing. The Exadata storage system is growing. So our disk storage systems are all growing, the ones with our IP. However, we also sell third-party disks without our IP at very low margins. Those are still in the system. And we expect those low-margin storage systems to also decline because, again, we pay our salespeople based on margins and there is no margin. There is very low margin on those products. We don't care about selling those products because we don't make any money. I think your question is when will we sell -- when will that be out of the system. And us pretty much only be selling servers and storage with our IP, and I think that will be next fiscal year, you'll see top line growth in the hardware business. But this fiscal year, you'll see continued improvement in gross margin and continued improvement in profitability in our overall hardware business even though the commodity business will be gradually shrinking every quarter. I don't know if that answered your question.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Okay. Let me be clear on RDBMS. I mean, Oracle hasn't been just an RDBMS for about 20 years. We added -- I don't know how many people on the call are my age, probably no one. But a long time ago, after relational databases came out, there was a next-generation database that were called object databases. And everyone talked about, "Well, object databases are going to replace relational databases" And what actually happened is that object database capabilities got integrated into the Oracle Database. So Oracle seized just the relational database. It became a relational and object database. And then there were these things called text databases for text search, and those were separate databases. And Oracle then incorporated text search and text capability into the Oracle Database. And then there were these things called XML databases and separate XML databases. Then Oracle integrated XML capability into it. Now people are talking a lot about unstructured data and things like autonomy. Oracle's strategy has always been to integrate additional types of data into the Oracle Database. And a lot of this unstructured data, whether it's video or audio or images, all of those, we think the transition continues. We started with relational then objects then text then XML. Now a lot of different types of unstructured data types all going into the Oracle Database. Finally, big data or the searching of large amounts of data using Hadoop. After Hadoop finishes filtering the data, the place you want to put that data is an Oracle Database, and that's what a lot of our customers are doing. And we are exploiting the trend, the big data technology and the big data trend, if you prefer, by building a Hadoop appliance that attaches to the Oracle Exadata database or any Oracle Database for that matter. But you don't have to buy our Hadoop appliance if you can use whatever servers you want running Hadoop, and we provide the interface between Hadoop and the Oracle Database. The idea is all of your data should be -- you should be able to put all of your data regardless of data type into the Oracle Database where it can be stored securely and reliably. And you could search it and get answers to your questions very quickly.
Mark V. Hurd: Well, thanks, Larry. Just a few points on the quarter. You heard about 17% growth. That comes on top of 25% last year. It was primarily organic broad-based across tech and apps, both growing double digits. Performance across geographies was balanced. One number worth noting is apps in Europe was up over 60%, 6-0 percent. Second, Exadata Exalogic. Unit growth was nearly triple digit, broad-based across industries and geographies, and we sold systems to more than 150 unique customers, of which 100 were new Exadata or Exalogic. Third, our industry-focused solutions are increasing in relevance to customers and that shows up in our 17% growth, but our industry-focused solutions again grew faster than Oracle did in license growth. So again, good help from the industry-focused solutions. Now fourth, I want to make sure this point is clear. In addition to Exadata and Exalogic growth, our SPARC server products grew this quarter. We had growth in the core SPARC product line. Our strategy around high-intellectual property, high-attach, high-margin solutions that include Exadata, Exalogic and the SPARC server products is working. You're also beginning to see that show up in these industry market share figures that show us gaining share. Last, we are continuing to hire. We added 350 people to the sales organization in Q1. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Ken for your questions
Mark V. Hurd: Well, I probably, Adam, won't get into a lot of conservatism or optimism. The guidance is the guidance. I think second point, I think we're really not as focused, to be very frank, on the hardware growth rate as we are on the point that I just made of growing the right things in the product line. The things that are attributable to long-term profitability, long- term positioning with the customer, long-term positioning in the data center. And I'll try to give you an example. If you take that core server product line that we grew in the quarter, SPARC server product line, if you took an M-series product, just imagine, Adam, that we sold $100 million worth of M-series products. And these are rough numbers. My guess over 5 years, our profitability on that is roughly $100 million when you include the attach and the support and the service. Just the same, if we sold $100 million of x86 with no intellectual property, my guess our profitability would be less than 1/5 of that. And I only bring that up to give you the polarization of the impact of intellectual property, the alignment of that intellectual property to a solution, the alignment of that to support the ability for us to do things for the customer and the eventual profitability for the company. So what we're focused on are the solutions like what Larry described are coming out, Exadata, Exalogic, the core SPARC product line and that's where we're focused. And in that context, I think we are turning around the business. I think you are seeing some of the momentum. And if you see the market share charts, they tend to show you the facts that we are gaining share in that core part of the product line.
Mark V. Hurd: I think Safra's point is right. I mean, I thought we had just a solid quarter in Europe. We did not see any anomaly that was unique across any other region that we had. We had some really cool business that showed up in Europe too. We had a great win at Deutsche Post with Exadata, Exalogic. We had some great Apps to Disk wins in Europe in the quarter. I gave you the applications growth number. It's 60%. I would be cautious to Safra's point that this is not maybe macro but may be more Oracle specific. We got a great team over there, and to add to it, we're hiring in Europe right now. We are adding to our sales force in Europe right now. We think there is more market to cover, and there's more opportunity to go get. I guess, I'd say it another way, maybe a bit of a plug. I'm very proud of those guys. They're doing a very good job. They are gaining share, and their Exadata quarter was, frankly, very impressive as well.
Mark V. Hurd: It's all of the above. I would not leap to that conclusion, John. I think that think of it as broad-based, again, a very good quarter in core apps as well. So if you looked at CRM, it was a very good quarter in Europe. Europe really just had a good quarter sort of all the way around. When I went through Exadata, very strong quarter. Good Exalogic quarter, good horizontal apps quarter, good vertical apps quarter. We had a couple of Apps to Disk wins I described a little while ago, so and that means end-to-end Oracle stack that we bring to the customers. So I wouldn't leap that it was any one thing. The best news I can tell you about Europe, broad-based.
Mark V. Hurd: Sure, I will. I think to Larry's point, one, we had a very good quarter across when you would think of as the traditional application base. I'm staring at a lot of numbers and none of them stand out. They're all good. They're all growth numbers. And again, it's pretty broad-based across ERP and EPM and CRM and so forth as well as the vertical applications. I think when you have to add to Larry's point is we're the only company now with a series of traditional apps but also bringing online our SaaS cloud apps. We are in the market aggressively with HCM today. We released that in Q4. We have teams dedicated to growing our cloud business. We are doing the same thing now in CRM. You will see us very aggressively in the market focused on those 2 segments as we move into Q2.
Mark V. Hurd: Yes, just to add to it. Again, as you can see, our database business grew in the quarter materially. I mean it was a very nice performance across our options, across additions. It was just strong. And I think the fact that you've got not only unstructured data, not only do you have big data, you're going to have several billion people now running around the planet with computers in their hands trying to get information out of databases. And geez, we think that's good news for the people that have databases like us because it’s going to be a lot of people trying to get information simultaneously, looking for performance. I think when you look over the next several years, the database is going to continue to grow. The ability to direct database performance with capabilities like Exadata and Supercluster, as Larry talked about earlier, aren't going to become as much a novelty as they are a requirement for all the people that are going to be paying and trying to get an opportunity to get at this data. So database business performed well in the quarter, and gosh, we feel well positioned for all the secular trends that are going on in the world today.
Mark V. Hurd: Yes, I'd add to it, too, that when you look at the play with the Exa line, it is every bit as much a consolidation play. So when you think of an industry like financial services, Exadata delivers performance and it also delivers economies. So the opportunity for us to go into a bank and deliver -- and the ability for the bank to dial on the continuum, how much performance do you want and how much cost do you want to reduce. So we have customers in banking where, I think to Safra's point, we have tremendous opportunity to go into those banks and have them consolidate Oracle on Oracle and either gain performance or actually save money simultaneously. That's a very attractive value proposition in this kind of economy, and it's opportunity for us.
Mark V. Hurd: That's what we're trying to do, and we think we've got a pipeline and a product line that puts us in position to get that done. And I think to Larry's point, we're also adding a lot more products to the lineup. When you look at what we're going to release in a couple weeks at Oracle OpenWorld, some of which you've heard about today. Tomorrow, you'll see us release an engineered system that combines more Oracle IP together to serve yet another part of the market. We just feel very good about our momentum in the broader engineered systems line and certainly specifically in the Exa line. So I guess, yes, that's what we're trying to get done.
