Safra Catz: Sure. That's easy John. It was actually something very, very simple. First of all, outside of North America, our license was up, up quite a bit in fact internationally. What we had done in North America is we did do a split in the salesforce. We've been telegraphing that we were doing that before we split the North America tech salesforce between selling cloud -- a group selling cloud; and a group selling new licenses. So, the group selling new license was a new group and so I expect that they will more than recover during the year. But that is the only -- that's the only weakness we had and it was simply just a slow start as we reorged the North America tech sales force since we split it. So, there's no macro issue. There's no actual regular issue. And of course the thing is that in Q1, small numbers make a big difference and so they just kind of outsized. But no we don't see anything and that's really all it was.
Safra Catz: Sure. Actually, we feel like we've got a lot of momentum here at Oracle. The issue regarding markets either abroad, or in the United States we're not seeing it. The – we're on very, very positive momentum from a product cycle point of view. Our Fusion products are basically killing it. That's doing amazingly. Autonomous Database and the whole OCI is so compelling. And we are on the field, and we are expanding globally that we have just so much good news happening around the world that we're not seeing the weaknesses. And so to the extent that there are, we just have a lot of company, product, momentum, ourselves, I know that I will not be able to hold Larry back from answering your second question. So I'm just unleashing him in advance of Open World. Go ahead Larry.
Safra Catz: It's brilliant. The reality is that most of our customers have been waiting for us. They've not brought those critical large and security-conscious workloads. They've not brought them to the cloud so far. They didn't bring them to the other vendors. The other vendors are all actually having trouble in the enterprise with these important workloads. They have been waiting for us. And so as they've started to bring smaller workloads in, they can start quite small. And then their next buy is 10 times the size and the opportunities often 1,000 times the size. And that's what we're starting to see. How long will it take? I don't know. We're not -- we're trying to just go with it. You have to understand that many of these can also go just pay as you go, they're never forecasted. A customer just tries it and before you know it it's expanding. The opportunity is literally enormous, because many of these workloads, they can't go to the cloud any other way. Those that have tried have been either unsuccessful or it's been both expensive and risk their security situation. So this is a very, very powerful moment for us. We're not going to overplay it here. We're just going to ride along with it. You're going to hear at Open World from some of these customers. And it's very much like originally, when we start to talk to you about our Engineered Systems, where a customer would try a little bit, they'll try one a quarter. And before you know it, they had dozens and they grew. Now this is the next level for those critical workloads that only can work in our cloud.
Safra Catz: Well, first, I'd like to thank you for noticing the amazing close we did on Fusion Financials and we actually -- I got to tell you the team, I think is pretty happy with this result and realize that all of our customers should be easily doing the same thing. So, first, yes, this was a very quick close, but we've got the technology and the people to do it. Let me just answer your deferred revenue comment. So I just want you to understand gross deferred revenue is actually up 3%, okay? But we net it to a bunch of things that ultimately are simply timing changes related to collections. And so that's really the only thing. There's nothing unusual next quarter you may see something different. It's literally a matter of when we pay some things and that kind of shows up in the operating cash flow. But in deferred revenue, it's simply timing of collections. There's a little bit impacted by currency, but the gross deferred revenue number is actually up 3%. It's just netted down and it's just a matter of the timing of our collections, so nothing to see here.
Larry Ellison: I think multi-tenancy in memory all of the database options that are used with the Autonomous Database I think are selling very, very well. Again the reorg in North America had a great impact on that because those are license sales and then they bring those licenses to the cloud. So, people buy multi-tenant. They buy rack. They buy in memory. They then pick up those options and their existing licenses up and they move them to the cloud. So, some of those sales were delayed because of the reorg, but we think the demand is enormous. And we think the leading indicator is just the number of trials we've signed up in Q1. So, our cloud salesforce in terms of the cloud activity, we had incredible cloud activity. And we expect -- again we signed more than 500 deals Autonomous Database deals in Q1. 3700 new trials the 500 signed paying customers more of them and we expect to double that in Q2. So, we expect to go from well over 1,000 paying customers and that pipeline to just start building. That is the best early indicator. And that will drive not only cloud revenue, but also license revenue because of the options.
Larry Ellison: I mean, I don't know. I mean just, I'm guessing, but I don't know because I don't know of any other cloud ERP system other than NetSuite and Fusion, so maybe 95% is low. I mean, it sound a little crazy. But SAP really did not rewrite their code. They really don't have a cloud system. And we have an opportunity to go after them and just put that aside and then that whole other half of the ERP marketplace which is companies that a lot of people have never heard of. And yes, I think we can consolidate virtually all of that. I mean, I don't know how to describe it. It's a crazy opportunity. You don't see this happen very often.
Larry Ellison: Okay. Well, because the growth rate is so extraordinary, we don't -- we're not forecasting it. I mean, when Safra gives you a forecast, she's not forecasting some -- this incredibly steep growth curve in Autonomous Database. So, we're giving you, I would say a conservative point of view especially in terms of Autonomous Database. And – but again, this is the case where we have a technology that nobody else has, A, we are the dominant database supplier on the planet right now. We're bigger than IBM and Microsoft combined. In the previous battles, in the previous war on-premise, we were bigger than Microsoft and IBM combined our two biggest competitors. The cloud based – there are a bunch of open source cloud databases and there is a lot of more specialized, I mean there are probably a dozen of them, or more for that matter. But none of them are autonomous. None of them are secure. None of them task themselves, while running. None of them give you 99.995% availability. I mean, they're – we're 100 times more reliable. I mean seriously a 100x more reliable than these guys. We have the only system that we can pretty much ensure that your data can't be stolen, because you're – because you can't make pilot errors. You can't commit – you can't make mistakes, because all that's – all of those decisions are automated. So, it's another – I mean, so we're sitting in two markets that we have an opportunity of completely dominating and owning. One is ERP, where we've been in it for a while and you actually can see the data – you can actually see the curve and the curve – and the curves – the curve we have enough years of data that you can see the slope of the curve and you can do these market share studies. There are always analyst reports and all that. And we've made great progress in that and you can see it. In the Autonomous Database, all you can do is listen to me talk about this extraordinary technology. And we're so early on in the curve we've got such little data in the curve. I understand – and even we're playing let's wait and see what this turns out to be. But we have this gigantic installed base that's I think going to go with Autonomous Database. But it's not just that it's not safe to go to any other database. That's a pretty good differentiator. And it's our second extraordinary opportunity. ERP back-office in the cloud, Autonomous Database in the cloud, we're successful in those two markets, should be enough to make a living.
Larry Ellison: Okay. So next week at Open World, we're going to be talking about – we started with Autonomous Database in 2018. We continued to make improvements there and speeding it up. And – but we're not at Autonomous Database. At Open World, we'll be announcing a whole bunch of new autonomous services. No one is doing this. But we're not talking about Autonomous Database. So you're going to see a bunch of arguments where we take that same machine learning technology to develop other autonomous services. And we're on our way. I mean, it's our goal to deliver the world's first and only completely autonomous cloud, the most important thing in keeping your data sites. But we'd like -- I mean, you really should have an autonomous operating system. You should have a bunch of autonomous services in that to operate that cloud, so human beings aren't given the opportunity to make mistakes and people can concentrate on building applications rather than managing the plumbing of the cloud, which is complicated and error prone and expensive. So we want to take -- get rid of the expense, get rid of the errors. Starting with Autonomous Database, you'll see a bunch more announcements of new autonomous services in OCI. And OCI is definitely on a roll. If people come to look at Autonomous Database, they look around in the Oracle Cloud and they see our analytics, our compute I can talk about all these other things, but we have -- we really have a second-generation cloud that's highly differentiated from our friends in Amazon or Google.
Larry Ellison: Well, our approach, I mean, sometimes they're critical of Amazon. Sometimes I'm just -- I try to learn from what they do. I mean they were the innovator in cloud and I give them credit for that. And I think the strategy of land and expand, which is what Amazon has used in marketing their products, so you get in for one project and you're successful on that project, then you go to the next project, it's been very different than the way Oracle has been selling in the past. We have adopted with Autonomous Database. We've adopted that land start small, get in there on a project just demonstrates how great this technology is and then get another project and another project after that. So we've adopted this land-and-expand approach. And we have many examples where people have been successful in their first projects and have moved on to two more moved on to -- then moved on to 10 more after that, so we see -- again, the opportunity is gigantic. The fact that we have four -- that we added 4,000 -- almost 4,000 trials, short of 4,000 trials in Q1 is an example of how we're really getting traction now and the word is getting out about how good the Autonomous Database is, how big is it as an overall market.
Larry Ellison: Okay. The question about SAP, what are our big SAP customers waiting for before they make a decision to move to Oracle. It's been very interesting. We've -- I've spent a lot of time in Germany and talking to some customers and they want to move. I mean, I talked to several very large customers saying, we'd like to move to the cloud. We'd like to move to Fusion. Because I mean some of the -- I mean, moving to another SAP system -- and I mean some of these guys are facing bills of $1 billion to migrate -- for this SAP upgrade all of the consultants. So I mean, it's a big pill to swallow to do the upgrade HANA, what they call S/4HANA in the cloud except, it's not really a cloud.
Larry Ellison: And for virtually, it's the same code you had before. It really is pretty much the same code you had before. So the customers really want to do it. What they're waiting for is one really large customer who's already done it. They are worried. They don't want to be first. No one wants -- none of these big -- these customers are conservative. They don't want to be first. We are in the middle of one of their largest customers converting them to Fusion. And as soon as we can talk about that publicly and use that as a reference, which will be probably will take another six months before we can do that, maybe less. But that's close, it's pretty close before they're live and several of their divisions are on Fusion. Almost every business leader I talk to in Germany wants to make the migration they just have to be assured that it will work. Now we're going to get -- we've won some deals in the high and at mid-market against SAP incumbents, and they're in the process of converting. And if we can get them converted much faster and get them live much faster then we can this one jumped in this one of the largest enterprises on earth that we're converting. But as we get a few of these references, we think people -- customers want to use modern technology, they want to move to the cloud. And we can -- they can do that with Fusion and they cannot do it with SAP. So we think it's a huge opportunity for us, but we have to have a core of references before these big guys are going to move.
