Safra A. Catz: Thanks, Jeff. We are pleased with our Q1 results. By substantially improving operating margins, we were able to increase Q1 earning per share even though revenues decreased slightly. We had slower than usual growth in database middleware license revenue in Europe and APAC. This is a result of two factors -- a very tough year-over-year comparison and the impact of some of our software company resellers, most notably SAP, who is selling less database because its applications business is down 40%.  Oracle continues to grow faster than our competitors. In the quarter, we also increased GAAP and non-GAAP operating income by $209 million and $144 million respectively over last year’s first quarter and we delivered the highest Q1 non-GAAP operating margin in our history, 46%, substantially higher operating margins than our peers. I want you to understand that though keeping expenses in check is part of our margin story, the real contributor is that as license updates and product support are a larger percentage of the quarter as they were in this quarter, the operating margin percentage goes up. This is clear as our software license update and product support revenues, which were over $3.1 billion this quarter, continued to grow off their very large base. Our customer renewal rates and satisfaction levels continue at record highs.  The currency headwind was reduced significantly over Q4, though still reduced new software licenses and software license updates and product support growth rates by 3 and 5 percentage points respectively.  Now let me turn to guidance -- for the coming quarter, using current exchange rates, here will be 5% positive currency effect on the license growth rate and a 4% positive effect on total revenue growth rates, a positive 5% effect on net income growth rate, and a positive $0.02 per share effect on earnings. Now, we believe that the guidance I am giving today is realistic given our tough year-ago comparison as our license revenues continue to grow while the world economy struggles. Specifically, I want to remind you that last year in Q2, while the market environment was very poor, many of our competitors shrank significantly while we continued to grow.  Last year, our new licenses grew 5% in constant currency and software updates and product support grew 20% in constant currency. As a result, unlike our peers, we have a difficult comparison in Q2 this year while they have their easy ones.  I want to emphasize that our pipelines continue to grow and the close rates I am assuming are significantly more conservative than typical Q2 close rates. Now, my guidance today does not include any assumptions from our pending acquisition of Sun Microsystems. I have no additional information regarding the timing of the deal, as the closing of the transaction is conditioned on getting the necessary regulatory approval. We are still quite confident that we will increase operating income earnings by $1.5 billion in the first full year after the close of the merger. We will give much more detail after the merger closes.  In addition, Q2 we have extra interest expense amounting to a bit less than $0.01 per share for the quarter since we did a bond offering to pay for the transaction and it has not closed yet.  With that, our guidance for Q2 is as follows -- at current exchange rates, non-GAAP EPS is expected to be between $0.35 and $0.36, up from $0.34 last year and GAAP EPS for the second quarter is expected to be $0.26 to $0.27, up from $0.25 last year.  Total non-GAAP revenue is expected to range from positive 2% to negative 1% year over year at current exchange rates and negative 2 to negative 5 in constant currency.  Total GAAP revenue is expected to range from positive 3% to flat year over year at current exchange rates and negative 1 to negative 4% in constant currency.  New software license revenues and other are expected to range from negative 10 to flat at current exchange rates and negative 15 to negative 5 in constant currency.  This guidance assumes a tax rate of 28.5 for Q2 versus 28 in Q1 and this could turn out differently based on many factors. As you know, currencies are likely to fluctuate and as a result, the currency impact in Q2 could be different than our guidance assumes.  With that, I will turn it over to Larry.   
Safra A. Catz: Sure. Basically the linearity was actually very typical. The biggest part of the lightness, as I said, was that our software ISVs, you know, we suffered as they sold less of their applications, they dragged less database with them. As far as Q2, I think we are pretty well-calibrated. I think we feel actually very good. I think it will be obviously a significantly better quarter than last quarter and you can see that in the guidance so I think we actually have some very good momentum starting the quarter, which is actually in many ways typical because it’s not the summer. So we are very -- we remain very upbeat. 
Safra A. Catz: Well, there’s two things -- one is the maintenance as a portion in different quarters isn’t as dramatic. The maintenance base, which is existing customers who want the newest version of the software without having to re-buy the whole license again, you know, that base continues to grow period. So that’s obviously one piece.  The other thing is just the general leverage of our business and that is our regular -- you know, revenues do increase and faster than our expenses increase because it’s a business in which scale is a huge advantage. I mean, last year of course we increased 300 plus basis points over the year and though this quarter we increased 500 plus basis points, I wouldn’t expect that every quarter but we do expect margins to continue to improve year over year. 
Safra A. Catz: I don’t know who wants to cover that. I can cover the Sun piece. Obviously we continue to do integration planning. That’s what we are allowed to do and Sun historically was a very big partner of Oracle generally and so after the Exadata version 2 announcement yesterday is the perfect example of things we can do together at arm’s length which I think benefit our customers and both companies very well. So we get a better sense of the Sun business and we continue to be able to do what we can at arm’s length. 
Safra A. Catz: Well, there’s a couple of things -- as you know, August, the summer in Europe is always not great, though last year we actually had a very, very good summer and so it made the comparison tough. We do actually start to see some of the economies in Europe improve a little bit in just our overall outlook and expectations, so -- but we still have some very tough comparisons but nothing is like the summer is in Europe, so -- and especially after last year where we had a very unusually robust summer, so we -- this will be an improvement. And we do actually see the economies little by little starting to lighten up, which is a good thing. 
Safra A. Catz: Yeah, the pipelines are actually growing. I think the guys are a little bit timid in their expectation setting here with us, but the forecasts continue to grow, so -- which is great. So to the extent that they close even a reasonable percentage, we’ll be significantly better off. 
