Mark Hurd: Thanks, Safra. Just today I thought I’ll be brief and talk a little bit about our Cloud business and give you some facts. Our Cloud now runs well over $1 billion run rate and it is bigger than both Workday and SAP combined in the cloud. We are clearly the second largest provider in the SaaS market with more than 130 Fusion customers that are live in production today. In Q4 alone we added 500 new SaaS customers, 300 of those in HCM alone. Not only are we bigger than Workday and HCM but we are growing faster than Workday. Recently we claimed that is 50 new customers in HCM and ERP. We added more than 50 in HCM alone and with more than 80 new Fusion SaaS customers we have great SaaS HCM wins at British Telecom, BMC Software, Siemens, Credit Agricole, Yahoo! and Intuit. In customer experience, we added 200 customers, with great cloud wins at eBay, KLM Royal Dutch Airlines, Trimble Navigation, Dow Corning, Sprint Nextel, Capital One, US Foods, Acer, Tesco and Paccar. I just read you that list just you get an idea of the quality and the brand names that are committing to our technology. So our success in the cloud is significant and undeniable. Let me share a few facts about how we run our cloud. The cloud runs on our engineered systems. We have nearly 13,000 VM, 70 petabytes of storage in seven countries, more than 7.6 million users and 16.5 million or billion transactions per day. Let me switch to our pipeline. It’s healthy. Our sales organization is already geared to outperform our competitors. I want to say this again, our attrition rates are down. They have declined and by June 7, that’s roughly two weeks ago, we had 90% of our territory assignments and code is done with sales plans accepted, that is an absolute record for Oracle. Now next week I want you to stay tuned, as we’re going to make a series of announcements regarding our success in the cloud and the partnerships we’re forming to drive our cloud business forward. With that I’m going to turn it over to Larry, so that he can touch on some of our exciting developments.
Mark Hurd: Now, I’ll just add a little bit of color to casual. I think we actually did pretty well in Europe. We actually felt quite good considering all you read, you talk about, what you read about software companies, you read a lot about the tech sector in Europe and frankly as we talked before the Salesforce what we’ve done there has been material and its helpful for us. We banked on conversion rates being down in Europe and frankly they weren’t down as much as we thought. We executed quite well. We did fine in the U.S. and the surplus points really was for us Brazil and parts of Asia where we saw the rest of he everything, sort of behaved the way we expected over the course of the year with the exception of the quarter. There are few section of engineered systems to be good, which was better than we expected, going in which led to the hardware performance that we described. On a number of transactions basis, some of it to Larry’s point, really had to do with the transactions just getting a bit skinnier. If you looked at number of transactions, you wouldn't see that bigger delta, a lot of it just had to do with the average size per transaction which again indicates to us certainly a lot of economic issue out there.Kash Rangan – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thank you. And Safra it does look like you feel little bit better based on the guidance which is a lot better than we would have expected for the upcoming August licenses especially.
Mark Hurd: Yeah. So I think you got Brent, everything Larry said and then add to it that where we have that because we are still even with that add in the cloud net off and our traditional license area. So although it’s not all of what we’ve added to Larry’s points. But we have seen the benefits. I’ll tell you exactly. In Europe, we have seen bigger pipelines and we’ve seen the economic pressure on the convergence rate and that growth you see in Europe is directly related to the fact that we’ve added our sales force. So make no mistake about it, the growth in our pipeline that you see in Latin America, when you see some of these issues in Brazil, this is what happens when you see an economic environment like this. You see the pipe go up, you see conversion go down. If you’re going to gain share you’re going to have to be in more deals. So we’re in more deals. Let me give you a second point. Historically when these economies turn you do not have enough time to rehire your distribution capability to take advantage of the change in the economy. If that pipe is not sitting there when markets get better you lose out on that expansion. So this is actually, it’s counterintuitive, I know, this is the right time to be in a position with a broader distribution capability. I’ll add to it. We’ve been very mindful of our expenses while we’ve done it. So when you look at our expense structure, we have taken money from other places and funded the majority of the sales force expansion. Now to Larry’s point, some of this is not going into full and full ARR, annual recurring revenue, which we’re seeing the strong growth, which will pay us dividend as you go out over the next couple of years.
Mark Hurd: On the harbor side of the question. It’s really very, very simple. We had a number of businesses and those other Sun business, the commodity x86 business, that we have exited and we’re pretty much out at. Reselling other people storage systems like Hitachi and LSI Logic, which were pretty much out at. And so those declining businesses have finished declining. We think the businesses that remain, we got two big businesses that remain, one is the SPARC server business which is now refreshed. And we think can grow, though that is not in our assumption for growth. Our only assumption for growth is that our engineer systems business which has consistently grown and grew very rapidly this quarter. We will continue to grow and that alone will drive the overall hardware business into growth. If we recovered with our new SPARC line, if that recovers and also shows just a little bit of growth. The growth in hardware will be spectacular.
Mark Hurd: Let me add my comment which is, we think when someone chooses an Oracle application in the Cloud versus an Oracle application on-premise. We make more money overtime. Now, the order that revenue comes in is a little bit different, because we take it ratably rather than a big chunk upfront. But, we think when someone becomes a cloud customer that is an economically more valuable customer to us overtime than when someone buys our software program. So, we think over a reasonable term we benefit tremendously from the movement to the cloud.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Thank you, Mark. In Engineered Systems we had a very strong quarter. Revenue was up approximately 50% as we took considerable market share from our primary competitor IBM P-Series which was down 32% in their most recent quarter. All our Exa products, Exadata, Exalogic, Exalytics and the Big Data Appliance and the Oracle Database Appliance, all had their best ever quarters. In bookings, we sold over 1200 engineering systems in Q4 including more than 600 Exadata’s. Exalogic was up more than 50% sequentially and we sold more than 100 units of Exalytics in the quarter. For the year, we sold over 3000 Engineered Systems more than all the previous years combined. Tesco, Fidelity, Siemens, McGraw-Hill, Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Saudi Telecom, to name just a few of the companies that bought Engineered Systems this past quarter. Some of the SAPs largest customer’s, giant German industrial companies bought Exadata, not HANA to run their SAP applications. We virtually never see HANA in the market and SAP’s HANA numbers simply don’t add up. A recent analyst report pointed out that if you believe the HANA sales growth numbers and SAP’s most recent quarterly report, then SAP’s application business must have declined 10%. You decide, either HANA is doing and SAP’s application business is in steep decline or HANA is not doing so well, but SAP’s application business is okay. You can’t have it both ways. We don’t think SAP’s HANA can ever successfully compete with Oracle’s Exadata and our other engineered systems in the high performance database market. Engineered systems are now over one-third of Oracle’s hardware revenue. Our SPARC server line is now completely refreshed. Our T5 and M5 servers feature the fastest microprocessor in the world, faster than Intel and faster than IBM P7+ on numerous industry standard benchmarks. With the continued rapid growth of our now much larger engineered systems business, both our new high performance SPARC T5 and M5 server, we just might see overall hardware growth this Q1, and we will see overall hardware growth for the full fiscal year.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Good. Let me add. It was not a specific product. I mean, when we saw weakness, we saw weakness in database middleware applications in all of our software lines. So it was clearly an economic issue not a product competitive issue. The products performed kind of as we expected, it’s just that they didn’t reach the ceiling, we’ve got where we’re going to reach in the quarter.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Yeah, let me just jump in front of Mark and give you kind of our view. We’ve been adding a lot of sales people in the cloud. So a lot of our additions, in Europe and in North America is around our cloud offerings, which we’re seeing great growth. So we think as part of the transition the cloud, the bulk of the sales that are not in our attrition traditional on-premises database business or on-premises application business, the bulk of that have been in our Cloud businesses and we’ll continue to add. We’ve hired about 500 sales people and sales consultants directly out of college this year and virtually all of them will go to our Cloud businesses and about 10% will go to our Linux business, which is becoming very, very competitive with Red Hat, but it’s the new businesses that we’re in, that is absorbing most, not all, but most of our sales app.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Okay, most important question, I’ll tackle the first part. I think you’re right by the way and way you described the quarter for us. We saw roughly what we expected in Europe, in fact a little bit better than what we expected and roughly what we expected in the Americas. Asia as you know, there is no real Asia for say. It’s a little bit behavior by countries. We continue to see pressure in China as you read across most of the other tech companies described we saw that. And we have the effected Safra mentioned in Australia. That is both some weakness in the Australian market which you will also see as a read through in their economy, but frankly going up against the big prior year. So we had a prior year in Australia and we have the economic issues that you saw. Those are the two markets, we did fine in Korea and fine in India overall.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Okay. The 12c is multi-tenant database, 12c stands for the cloud, it’s the first time a database converts multi-tenancy to the applications that run on the database, because you know, the cloud business started about 15 years ago with a little company called NetSuite. And then there came Dell course and many others and what they have to do was to build multi-tenancy into the application. They wanted to run a lot of customers’ data on a small number of server and do that economically. They had to build the multi-tenant capability directly into their application, which has certain problem. It has security problems that means that your standard report letters won’t work, a lot of standard tools just won’t work because of this multi-tenancy application architecture. The next kind of phase of multi-tenancy was Virtual Machine, VMs became very, very popular way of sharing a hardware, sharing server, but unfortunately that has significant overhead, much more overhead than kind of the NetSuite, Salesforce.com, way of doing an application. We think the right to convert a multi-tenancy on applications and keep security working and use the hardware very, very efficiently, is to put multi-tenancy at the database layer and that’s what we’ve done with 12c. It is a separately priced option. Next week, we will be announcing technology partnerships with the most important –the largest and most important SaaS companies and infrastructure companies in the cloud. And they will be using our technology, committing to our technology for years to come. That’s how important we are doing 12c. We think 12c will be the foundation of a modern cloud where you get multi-tenant applications with a high degree of security and a high degree of efficiency, you at least have to sacrifice one for the other. Again, I would call them a startling series of announcement with companies like Saleforce.com, NetSuite, Microsoft all that happen next week will give you the details. These partnerships in the cloud I think will reshape the cloud and reshape the perception of Oracle Technology in the cloud. 12c in other words is the most important technology we’ve ever developed for this new generation of cloud security.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Okay, happy to. Oracle participates at all three layers of Cloud. We are really kind of a unique Cloud company. We’re, as Mark pointed, the second largest SaaS provider in the world. We added 500 new SaaS customers alone, 500 new logos at the SaaS layer this past quarter. We actually had more and let it be clear, not to lay it out, because we have more new Fusion CRM, I will be very clear. Take out two layers don’t count it, just look at our Fusion HCM, look at our Fusion HCM customers. We added more new Fusion core HCM customer last quarter than Workday added their AHCM plus ERP customers, that’s a Fusion, not the layout. We’re growing very fast in the Cloud and especially the HCM Cloud, especially Fusion HCM and as Mark pointed out, we are larger in SaaS than anyone, about Salesforce.com. We are larger than Workday and SAP combined.
Lawrence J. Ellison: But that’s not the only layer we compete in SaaS. We compete at the platform layer and if you kind of look at Oracle historically, that’s where you would expect us to be stronger. These are our two brands in SaaS; the Oracle Database and Java. Those are the two most important platforms on the face of the earth with building applications. The both products are dominant. There are more than 9 million Java developers. On our platform business, our cloud platform business, we have over 5,000 customers in our cloud. Mark mentioned our cloud is over 6,000 servers, 12,000 VMs, almost 70 terabytes of storage in 11 locations around the world or almost 8 million users per day and over 16 billion transactions per day. Mark mentioned all those numbers. But again we have over 34, we announced our platform service last April and now we have now over 3,500 or over 3,400 customers in the Oracle Database Cloud and another 1,700 in the Java Cloud and that’s just the beginning. We think our PaaS business is one of our huge, huge competitive advantages where you tend to think that the big cloud players are either in SaaS, like Salesforce.com or in infrastructure like Amazon. You really don’t think of a real strong PaaS player, well, that’s where we think we have a huge advantage and we think that approves to our big SaaS customers, because when you buy a SaaS product, it doesn’t mean you’re not going to build other little things yourselves in the cloud to go along with the SaaS products you buy. And with Salesforce.com, they are the market leader and a big respect for what Marc Benioff has achieved over there, I think he’s done a good job, but they started a long time ago, and they have a platform called Force.com, which is not based on industry standards. So when you make additions to Salesforce.com, you lie in Salesforce’s proprietary on platform. When you make additions to our SaaS applications, you use the Oracle database and Java; the industry standards. So we think customers are going to look at the entire cloud and assess the quality of the application, SaaS, the quality of the platform and we don’t think any of the big cloud players can compete with us in the platform there. And, of course, the quality of the infrastructure, which Mark mentioned earlier, which is our engineered systems, which, again, we think gives us a big competitive advantage. So the combination of 12c for the cloud, which is going to be, which we think will be adopted by most of the big cloud player as well as our corporate customer as they build cloud inside their firewall. It’s huge and we think the advantage that another advantage that we offer is the clouds that our customers are going to run internally made up of Oracle and Java is the same cloud that we offer in our public cloud. So they can build applications and move them back and forth. They can build an application in Oracle and Java on our public cloud and move it back to their private cloud. They can take an application that runs in their private cloud and move it to the public cloud. They can do test and development in the public cloud and run it in their private cloud. Because our cloud is based on industry standards, our platform is based on industry standards. We’re the only company that’s doing that, very optimistic about our ability, it could be in the cloud. Again, I said earlier, going through this transition, where we moved a lot of our new sales guys again, not all, a lot of our new sales guys on the cloud, so we’re moving aggressively with sales not only applications, but our database and Java and our infrastructure in the cloud. We’re investing a lot in engineering, we’re investing a lot in sales because we think the opportunity is gigantic and we’re well positioned and with a key new enabling technology called Oracle 12c database.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Yes add to it Walter there is other dynamics of player because of the way our software is architected we can sell by module. So in many ways it opens up brand new markets to us. We can go sell to an SAP customer, a module of HCM, I reckon by recruiting too much, they don’t have to ‘rip and replace’. Somebody like a Workday actually has still a lot of ‘rip and replace’ than we would. We can go in supplement many of our application users today with their core on-premise app with new modules of our SaaS Fusion application. So actually in some ways, long run we’ re going to have to go through the ARR phase where we start building up our ARR as we go that opens up new markets that we haven’t had available to us before.Walter H. Pritchard – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Thank you.
Lawrence J. Ellison: T4, we talked about the growth we’ve seen in T4 where we’ve seen the reduction in Million, which is fundamentally what’s happened to the SPARC line. The T5, so that’s early days still. So we are going to have see how it’ll unfold, but I think very encouraging from the numbers we saw both in the quarter in orders and in the pipeline and there is a large installed base of SPARC that’s out there for us to go, sell into particular on the high end. To your question, I think your question was on ATG and Endeca software, which is basically the foundation of our Commerce Server and what we’ll call our customer experience very strong numbers. We just don’t lose deals. So at the end of the day when you get into that space and you’ve seen it particularly too in the retail industry, many of the big retailers that are focusing on how to connect to their customer, how to engage to the customer and how they cross-sell and up-sell to that customer, that’s at the core fabric of what they deploy. We expect to see that same sort of behavior in the telecommunications industry, financial services industry and we love our position. And we don’t believe any effect of our competitors’ position based on SAP’s acquisition or what Salesforce has done. Remember one more time, the leader in marketing automation software is Oracle; Eloqua is the leader. So it is not anybody else. And we’ve got a head start and we did very well, I didn’t mention it in my comments. Eloqua did very well in the quarter in terms of its ARR. So we like our aggregate hand, we like our position with RightNow on the service side, we like our position on the commerce side with ATG, we like our position on the marketing side with Eloqua. So we feel good about where we sit.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Yeah, let me just kind of summarize what Mark said, where you think the Salesforce.com is the company that has a very strong foothold in companies that sell B2B. We think we have an equally strong foothold in companies that sell B2C. So while we think we’re going to be aggressively compete with Salesforce where we think we have huge competitive advantage, where our number one competitor turns out to be IBM in that space, we just don’t lose deals to IBM in eCommerce.
Safra A. Catz: I don’t know which one of us should start. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we saw some weakness in specific regions, especially Asia-Pacific, especially parts of Latin America that were that came up right at the end on us and that was extremely disappointing for us because May is usually our very, very big and important month and it’s a big quarter and it’s sort of lased out where it did. We’ve had a pretty good start actually in the other regions, but it’s too soon to tell on and that’s why my guidance is where it is.
Safra A. Catz: Yes, well we thought things pushed off. I see them closing, but I do have to keep an eye on what my competitors are reporting and what's going on. So it’s sort of all in there together and we feel good with where we are guiding.Kash Rangan – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great.
Safra A. Catz: Well, at this point, the reality is that most of our customers are application customers that are taking some Cloud offerings are doing it as a complementary offering, and to the extent to what they’ve already got onsite. So, it’s not necessarily now if all of our application customers overnight all gosh, I don’t know 10,000 of them, overnight switched to SaaS, then that might have an effect, but we have so many customers and the dynamics are such that many are adding on and some are adding on on-premise, some are adding on cloud and some of them are replacing on-premise with cloud. We’ve such a large base that net, net we have growth. So that’s the dynamic right now, in the event that everyone tomorrow switch over, well that would have a different affect, but that’s not likely to happen.
Safra A. Catz: Yeah, well, as I said, first of all, I get, as you know, I get a roll up from the field. And I look at the different close rates that we’ve had historically and the numbers that we’re using right now assume a slightly lower close rate than we have historically and takes into account sort of the difference we’ve been experiencing especially this quarter and in Q3. I have to know what’s going on with our competitors and since even deals that didn’t close this quarter, they were not lost to competitors, they were either pushed off or what also showed up in close rates or they became smaller by certain percentage, and so that’s really what we’ve applied. So, I’m not going to quantify it for you, but I’ve assumed a few points lower than would be typical for a Q1 especially since number of the Q4 deals especially have closed already. So I just had to pretty much take into account what we’ve been seeing for the past couple of quarters and apply that to the pipeline.Keith Weiss – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Excellent, very helpful.
