Safra Catz: Yes. You've got that right. And it's basically because of what I've been telling you all for a while, which is our fastest-growing business, which is our cloud, is now getting to be very big. And when you're growing different parts of the business, 25%, 30%, 40%, 60%, and it's a big number. It causes these -- it's just math here. It increases the overall rate of growth of the business.
Safra Catz: Okay. So as you've seen, we've made a lot of investments. We basically -- our CapEx this year is double last year, and that's because we've been putting out a lot of capability around the world. Simultaneously, our revenues have been increasing. But over the past few years, we've had parts of the business that were significant parts of the business that were shrinking. And now, as you see in this quarter, for example, all lines of businesses are increasing. We have -- different lines of business have bookings growth, some of which are as high as well over 100%. And so what's happened is the -- most of the business is now growing. And so they're much less of the negatives. And the things that we're getting smaller like application license, for example, is a very small number now. And then, of course, our technology license is going very, very well, including, just this quarter, technology was up 9%. So the cloud business is on an absolute role. You can see it in the numbers already and ERP, HCM, but also, of course, OCI straight and autonomous database. And just all those parts of the business are now growing, and they're large. And the shrinking parts of the business -- first of all, there's a lot less shrinking. We grew and to the extent that we have some supply chain loosening where we are able to deliver all of our bookings, we just expect growth sort of all over the place. And so we're very upbeat about this next year.
Safra Catz: Okay. Let me just say one other thing. So we have a number of vertical industries in which we have products, and our competitors don't have products. And this has been a core part of how we work. We work with retailers. We work in financial services. We work in utilities. We work in construction engineering. We don't just modify ERP systems slightly and say we're in the industry. We're actually in operational systems in the industry, and it brings incredible value to our customers to be able to use these products.
Safra Catz: Well, I will admit that the past couple of years have been really challenging, and I'm incredibly proud of our team. I think our excellent relationships with our wonderful suppliers made it possible for us to build out our cloud as well as provide hardware to our customers. We couldn't meet every need as quickly as we would have liked, and we have an extremely large backlog. That is absolutely true. That backlog also gives me enormous visibility because those customers have told us they want Cloud at Customer or they want hardware. And I have a line of sight to get it landed in their facilities. The reality is that we have so much going on at the same time. We've built out our cloud internationally. We've built a number of private clouds where it is exactly the same capability as our public cloud for our customers who have regulatory requirements that require something special or whether it's data sovereignty or otherwise. And we are meeting everyone's needs. And I think that, again, the incredible optimism you hear from me and Larry is very much because we have line of sight to the massive demand that has been coming our way and that we've been handling and a line of sight on how to deliver it. So now I read the newspapers -- actually, I don't read the newspaper. I read the computer that used to be a newspaper, and so we see everything that's going on. But I'm extremely confident in the capabilities of my team to execute.
Lawrence Ellison: Well, I think it's broad based. I think one of -- the back office -- one of our partners -- we're working with one of the largest banks on the planet with -- on a payment system, a B2B payment system because the ERP customers are coming to Oracle. So if you look at the future with the fact that we're so strong, dominant, I'd argue, in Cloud ERP, what does the B2B purchase look like? A B2B purchase looks like in a modern cloud world, one Oracle ERP system making a purchase from another Oracle ERP system. And we want to automate that B2B transaction. There's 2 Oracle ERP systems are talking to one another. To automate that transaction, we have to be able to pay for that. We have to be able to check credit, finance the payments, a range of logistics. So we're working with large -- a very large bank and a very large logistics company to automate that aspect of our ERP business. Some of it's never been -- you don't think of ERP doing that, but it's this network of these ERP systems talking to one another. That's a huge business revenue opportunity to turn on that B2B payment system. So the banks are joining in. Logistic companies are joining in because the customers are here. Once the ERP customers started coming to Oracle, all of the adjacent applications and all the ISVs with adjacent applications wanted to be in the same cloud as the ERP customers. The integrators had to become familiar with the cloud because that's where the customers are, and that's where customers are going. The ISVs -- and these are kind of interesting ISVs. Giant banks, giant logistics companies putting up their logistics and payment systems in our cloud to facilitate B2B transactions between our ERP system is just a gigantic business opportunity that no one really had ever thought about before.
Lawrence Ellison: Yes. I'll second that. It's excellent. Let me take the other part of your question, which is, do I think this is a kind of a year 2000 like pandemic boom, people rushing to get to the cloud, and it's going to slow down after? Now that the pandemic, thank God, it's beginning to recede. Just the opposite, we're really still in the early days. We're in the early days of either understanding how different Cloud ERP is from on-premise ERP. And I just mentioned this one interesting example in that in the modern world, as more and more people go to Cloud ERP and you buy -- you procure something, that it's really one Oracle ERP system talking to another Oracle ERP system, but it needs to be facilitated through -- with a financial -- a finance partner and probably multiple finance partners and multiple logistics partners and -- to automate and finance and move that product from A to B and finance that product and understand when it's going to be delivered, all of those things. And so no, I think we're really in the early -- really early days. Even though we now have 10,000 customers in Oracle ERP Fusion, another -- almost 30,000 customers in total, including NetSuite, I still think we're in the very early days of doing this. It's just getting faster. I mean the growth -- our growth is accelerating, accelerating, accelerating. You look at our growth rate, it's not going down. We're getting bigger and the growth rate, and we're sustaining that mid-30s -- high 20s, mid-30s growth rate with NetSuite and Fusion in spite of the fact we've more than doubled.
Lawrence Ellison: Well, let me just start with health care because you think of health care as a vertical, and Cerner is certainly in a vertical, which is an epic they compete for providers. And people think of that as, well, that's health care. But that's not health care. There's clinical trials for -- in pharmaceutical companies. You want to integrate -- the clinical trials the pharmaceutical companies pay for and run, but actually not really. The providers run those clinical trials. So the whole ecosystem -- no one's ever tried to do the entire ecosystem. But to answer your question, we had -- we are greatly enhancing our HCM system for hospitals so that they can have nurses that work 3 days a week or 4 days a week and doctors that work in a couple of different hospitals. And scheduling these independent contractors, if you will, is very complicated. You don't of think of hospitals as being a collection of independent contractors, but it's full-time workers and independent contractors, and scheduling that is complex. Paying them is complex. Some of them are unionized. The rules are complex. So we're doing a massive -- we're doing a lot of industry-specific features for hospitals to help them manage their workforce. In inventory -- hospital inventory isn't in a warehouse. Hospital inventory -- the drug, they're scattered all throughout the hospital. Nurses stations have drugs -- there's an interesting drug called tranexamic acid, which is used to stop bleeding. Where you can't go to the warehouse, someone's bleeding, you can't go to the warehouse and look for the drug. You've got to be able to find it immediately, and it's got to be close to the operating room. It's got to be close to -- where intensive -- the intensive care unit. So the inventory is distributed all throughout the hospital. So we are paying RFID tags in all the inventory so you can find things very, very quickly. So how we handle inventory is being enhanced specifically for hospitals. And I can go on and on. One thing a doctor does is before I can authorize a test, before I can authorize prescribing a drug for a patient, I have to check with the insurance company to make sure they'll pay for it. Now -- so the doctors and hospitals spend a lot of time negotiating with the payer, the insurance company. Well, okay, given these symptoms, can I get this test paid for? Yes, no? Given these symptoms, can I get this drug paid for? Yes, no? We're automating that interaction between the payers and the providers. So yes, we're adding a lot of industry-specific features to automate the interactions in the entire ecosystem. And that's why we think we're in a good position to roll up health care, which is a gigantic industry. No one's ever really tried this before, but we have all the pieces. We have the payment pieces. We automate a lot of the insurers. We have HCM, which allows us to help them manage their workforce. We have ERP, which helps them keep track of inventory. And soon, we will have Cerner, which will help them to deliver care to patients. So we'll be -- and we have clinical trial system for the pharmaceutical noise. We have the entire portfolio, and we're interconnecting all the pieces so we can make that ecosystem work efficiently for the first time. And actually, the pandemic has showed we're in desperate need of such an integrated system.
Lawrence Ellison: I think we can do it. We're on our way to do it. And the benefits to Oracle are great. But actually, it's -- this is -- at least for me, personally, this is a mission. I think the benefits to every patient in the world is going to be enormous. We need to do this. The pandemic has shown a variety of weaknesses in our health care systems. We have the technology to address those weaknesses, and that's what we're going to do.
