Ken Bond: Thank you, Holly. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information, can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEOs Safra Catz and Mark Hurd. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. And we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra. 
Ken Bond: Heather, can you hold on for a moment. Heather, can you hear me okay? I apologize everybody. Larry, what'd you like to do? Would you like to continue on or... 
Ken Bond: Okay. Thank you, Mark. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department for any follow-up questions from the call. We look forward to speaking with you. Thank you for joining today.  With that, I'll turn the call back to Holly for closing. 
Lawrence Ellison: Thank you, Mark. As Mark said, in Q4, we saw a surge in database license sales. We also saw very rapid growth in sales of those database options required to run our Autonomous Database. We continue to gain overall database market share as we migrate our database users to the cloud.  In the quarter, we added over 5,000 new Autonomous Database trials in our Gen 2 public cloud. Our new Gen 2 Cloud infrastructure offers customers a compelling array of advanced technology features, including our self-driving database that automatically encrypts all your data, backs itself up, tunes itself, upgrades itself and automatically patches itself when a security threat is detected. It does all of this autonomously, while running without the need for any human intervention and without the need for any downtime. No other cloud infrastructure provides anything close to these autonomous features. 
Lawrence Ellison: It really is -- most customers have Microsoft technology and Oracle technology. So they might have a Microsoft analytics suite and their data in an Oracle database. And we want to make it as easy as possible for you to run those Microsoft analytics in Azure, accessing the Oracle Database in the Oracle Public Cloud. And we built these high-speed interfaces and make -- we made -- we glued the technologies together, but we also have unified the customer experience. So the customers -- it feels to the customer, like they're working in one cloud, but they have 2 suites of products and technologies they have access to and they can interconnect those things. But no, the Oracle Database is still running in the Oracle Cloud and the Microsoft analytic technology is running in the Microsoft cloud. They are just talking to each other at high speed and highly reliable. 
Lawrence Ellison: Okay. Let me give you what I think is maybe the most interesting thing we can say about this. We have 2 ways of forecasting our Autonomous Database business. One is the traditional way, where the field comes out with quarterly forecasts, we put together annual plans. And that's in fact what we relied upon for years in terms of giving you guidance. But now that we're in the cloud business, we have some interesting additional data, not around field sales, if you will, bookings for selling our cloud services and our technology, but rather we have real data about consumption inside of our cloud. And we started collecting the consumption data, because to add capacity to the cloud -- Safra said, depending on bookings, we might have to spend more money. Let me be a little bit more precise. It's not even bookings that drive it. Bookings that lead to increased consumption triggers our just-in-time provisioning of our hardware into our public clouds. And right now, we're getting signals from our usage in our Gen 2 Cloud that is signaling much faster Autonomous Database growth than we're seeing from our sales forecast. It's just kind of interesting, but encouraging. 
Lawrence Ellison: Well, I think you're saying the same thing. Why is it attractive to -- why is it good to attract developers, because developers write applications and the most important applications are ISV applications, which are used across the board. So I don't think anything has changed at all. Developers were always, if you will, the foundation of our business. We have over 1 million developers in our ecosystem already. And most ISVs, most of the current ISVs in the cloud use the Oracle Database. I mean, everything the Salesforce.com runs pretty much is running on the Oracle Database. Everything that SAP acquired to run in the cloud runs on the Oracle Database. Now I know SAP said they're going to move to HANA, but they said that 6 years ago, haven't quite gotten there yet. Anyway, the -- we go after developers -- and in fact, yesterday, we were putting the finishing touches of a program we're going to be announcing to developers at Oracle OpenWorld, which is basically free services to developers, forever, if you will. So developers and college entrepreneurs can -- this is free service. We'll be able to provide this free service that will let developers to start on the Oracle Cloud, build their applications and graduate from being maybe a solo entrepreneur some place in a dorm in MIT to eventually being an entrepreneur starting a company and then becoming an ISV. That's the cycle we want to sign up people early, and we have all sorts of cloud programs we're putting in place to be able to do that. 
Lawrence Ellison: Us too. We've been working for this for a long time, and it's great to see it's just begin to show up in the numbers. 
Lawrence Ellison: Okay. So let me -- there are 2 options that I think Mark mentioned them that are absolutely required to use Autonomous Database. One is the multi-tenancy option. This is the one where you can take an existing application, it could be an ISV, you could take an existing application that was never built to be multi-tenant, you move it to the Oracle Database, you don't change a thing and you suddenly have a multi-tenant database. So that's one thing that's required for Autonomous Database. The other thing is this real application clustering. Real application clustering refers to the fact that we use multiple computers to run every database instances. So in case one of those computers should fail, there's -- our systems are fault tolerant, they keep running. So the Autonomous Database never breaks. Let me say that again, never breaks. 
Lawrence Ellison: We were talking about the options. So let me -- I'm sorry. And I'll cycle back and repeat my answer. So the answer, there are 2 options required for Autonomous Database. One is the multi-tenancy option, and that allows, let's say, an existing ISV to take an application that was never meant for the cloud, move it to our Autonomous Database with the multi-tenancy option, and suddenly, without changing their application, their application becomes a multi-tenant cloud application. That's one key feature and we've seen sales of that skyrocket. The other key feature of Autonomous Database that's required to use Autonomous Database is this feature called rack. Rack is the ability to use multiple computers to run a single application or a single database instance.  So in case one of those computers should fail, we tolerate that failure and the application keeps running, because we have multiple computers. You might have one. You might have 2, 3, 4. But you lose 1 or 2, you still have 2, 3, 4 left, whatever you -- however you configure the system. We will only configure Autonomous Database with multiple computers. Autonomous Database never fails. You must have the rack option to ensure that. Rack options are growing more rapidly than you would expect, being driven again by consumption of the Autonomous Database. So we're seeing very, very rapid adoption. In fact, it's -- and another thing -- to add a little color to this, initial transaction, a lot of our existing customers might come on with a very small project, let's say, a $30,000 ARR project. And within 60, 90, 120 days, that becomes $120,000 project. And after another few months, it becomes $0.5 million project. So we're really optimistic about this business. And the optimism -- and I'm just back to what I said earlier, the optimism was not in Safra's guidance, which is based on sales forecast. The thing that I find fascinating are the consumption data curves, which shows our consumption rate growing much faster than the fields currently anticipating. To me, that's just wonderfully encouraging, and hopefully, this is the beginning of the trend. We'll find out soon. 
Lawrence Ellison: How would you like to  outsource the security detection and patchings responsibilities to somebody who does this for a living, so you never have to read the name of your company above the fold on the front page talking about how much data you just lost. All right. So we expect -- yes, I'm going to let Mark talk. I'm sorry. 
Lawrence Ellison: Yes. Let me then close with -- I couldn't agree more with Mark. Our really good hot new products like Autonomous Database, Fusion, cloud application suite, NetSuite are selling really well. In fact, they are accelerating. They're doing extremely well. Quite frankly, we have some other product lines that we're quite naturally downsizing like some of the acquired Sun hardware, there are some older on-premise software products that aren't really doing well. Mark mentioned data cloud because of all the privacy issues. So yes, there are some of our businesses that are not, if you will, hot. But the good news is the hot businesses are now bigger than the not-so-hot businesses and that's determining our future. 
Lawrence Ellison: Again, it looked like -- and I swear this will be the last part of the answer to your question. The -- it does look like the top line is moving up modestly. But underneath that, there is really a lot of activity. You have these very -- these modern businesses like Autonomous Database, Fusion, NetSuite growing very rapidly, taking share, clear #1s in the overall marketplace. [indiscernible] is dominant #1 in cloud ERP. And you have these other businesses that are melting away and we just don't care. We're focused on our star products, and our star products are now driving our top line higher. 
Lawrence Ellison: Yes that's the mix change. I mean that's what you're seeing really in this quarter is the beginning of the fact that our hot rapidly growing products are now bigger than some of those products, again, like Sun SPARC that are in decline. And we kind of cross -- those 2 curves have crossed one another. Fusion is an international product in a lot of countries. And now we've moved NetSuite to a lot of countries. And quite frankly, we haven't really started to get the benefit of that just yet. So that's going to kick in this fiscal year and that will have a big impact. 
Lawrence Ellison: Well, OCI 2, we have 2 infrastructure products. We had what we now call OCI Classic, which really is frozen and we're moving all of our customers -- almost moved all of our customers to our Gen 2 Cloud. Our Gen 2 Cloud is dramatically better, I think, not only than our Gen 1 Cloud, but other people's, the existing clouds. We have -- without going through a lot on this, we have an architecture where we have 2 separate computers in each computer that you rent, if you will. And we have the Intel computer that you rent and then we have another processor with separate memory that has all of our cloud control code. So that's very different than Amazon or Google or Azure as an architecture. That's true with every single computer in our Gen 2 Cloud is really 2 computers, the one that the customer uses and another one that we use to manage the cloud and encrypt the data and encapsulate the messaging and virtualize the messaging and do all of that. The -- it's impossible for a cloud customer to get at our code and hack it. And it's also impossible for our programmers to look at our customers' data. So we did this. We redid our architecture, because we decided that existing architectures, infrastructure architectures had just too many vulnerabilities. And so we bit the bullet, said, okay, we're going to freeze OCI Classic, we're going to invest in Gen 2 that gives us this much more secure, much more reliable platform. And in fact, it'll be much faster. It's also much faster. We have much faster networking, I'm not going into all of that. But this is a huge differentiator between us and everybody else. And customers are beginning to see that. They are beginning to understand the architectural differences. A lot of the world security agencies are now coming to us and saying, hey, this looks really good, we're going to go with this, not Amazon or somebody else because of these architectural distinctions. Also, a bunch of people are running high-performance workloads on our cloud. We have a much fancier network. We have RDMA capability built into our network that the other guys don't have. That's because we redid that. We didn't have it in Gen 1, we have it in Gen 2. It allows us to run large machine learning workloads, rendering, simulations, all sorts of high-performance computing way better than our competitors. So there are a bunch of applications we just do better and people are beginning to notice and they are beginning to move and buy. 
Mark Hurd: Yes. I mean we have new hot products. I mean that's the difference. I think that again, I won't speak to everybody, but when you go out with the Autonomous Database, Larry talked about a lot of different factors, but from a business perspective, we very rarely had a product that we can go talk to somebody at a senior level and say how would you like to get more secure, save money and get better performance all at the same time. 
Mark Hurd: Well, this is a really simple message. This is different from saying, we've got a new partitioning. It's just a very different approach for us. And so we've got new products. You know about the strengths, John, you mentioned in cloud apps. And we benefit from a set of competitors that are in different stages of maturation, most of which are weak. And we've got great products and what we are just now bringing out in Autonomous Database. And so I think that's a bit different just in terms of the various product cycle that we're in versus what other people might be in. 
Mark Hurd: By the way, what Larry said is right, I think it's worth noting. Our SPARC business declined 24%, 25% this quarter. Our NetSuite business grew, as we described, in the high 20s. And they don't cancel out. NetSuite is now bigger. But when we look at the aggregate growth rate of the company, it's made up of negative 25s and plus 27s, like what I just described. And so it does create the phenomenon that Larry described. 
Mark Hurd: The abridged version. I think, to your point, SAP is forcing all their customers to a new platform by beginning of 2025. That forces all their customers to move and all the changes, not just the changes they've just made, but all the changes they made to the code have to be remade to the code. And what that means is they have to roll up a big new bill to move to this thing Larry called earlier, HANA. And it's a big damn bill. And so the poor CIO or CFO, whoever this guy is, has to show up to the Board and says to the Board of Directors, we've got a $500 million bill to move to HANA. And you all on the phone are smart. My guess is the Board members says something clever like what's HANA. And the guy goes, well, it's a platform. And the guy goes, well, what's a platform? And he goes, well, it's a new thing we run our ERP on. The guy goes, oh, okay. And it costs $500 million? And the guy goes, oh, yes. And he goes what do we get for it? And he goes, well, we get some new plumbing and we get some new this. I just think that meeting goes very badly. And somewhere in the meeting, the customer goes who else have you talked to? Do we have an alternative? Could we not do it? Could we go with somebody else?  So yes, I mean, I think it's an incredibly interesting strategy on their part to put all their customers at play. Do we get calls from customers that we haven't been called or talked to in 20 years? The answer is yes. And is it because -- and remember, Heather, you know this that when we sold to customers 15 years ago, they never really talked to SAP after that and vice versa, because you're expected to stay with these ERP systems forever. So yes, some percent of their base will move as a result of just this, because it's a lot of money for not getting much, real simple. And the rest of the... 
Mark Hurd: I thing Workday does -- again, my sense of Workday is they do a decent job in upmarket HCM where they can divorce the HCM buyer from the ERP buyer. When the ERP buyer and the HCM buyer are aligned and combined, they're really in a position with no chance, because they don't have much of a financials product. And I know they hyped it and they talk about it and all that, but at the end of the day, they're just not competitive. So for us, the market really is for us to keep moving ahead. It's a lot --  I don't know what our market share must be in cloud financials now, but it must be plus 90%, 92%, 93%, 94%. So yes, do I think we can accelerate? I think the greatest story you can see here is the NetSuite story that we doubled the rate. And if I didn't say enough things about NetSuite, because I'm sure the NetSuite team is listening. Let me say, NetSuite, NetSuite, NetSuite. They have just done a fabulous job and they are doing a fabulous job not just growing internationally, but growing domestically. A lot of this performance in NetSuite is just pure U.S. domestic performance, more salespeople, more industries, micro industries that we build for, better execution. And so between NetSuite and Fusion, we've just had a really good run. I won't tell you everything is perfect, which is really good news. With these numbers, we can do better. We can do better. And I think we're just getting our stride. So I feel very good about it, Heather. 
Mark Hurd: First, Raimo, I think one thing that I'll add to Larry's Gen 2 point is customers love Gen 2. And it's got a great thing, it works really well. It's reliable. It scales. We're hiring people in our engineering group, continuing to expand. And so just to add to Phil's point, I mean, it is very well received by our sales force, our field and it's been fantastic. On NetSuite, yes, we're just at the beginning. To Larry's point, we really haven't seen the acceleration internationally that we've seen domestically. So we are adding salespeople internationally. We've done that. We've got some more to do. So there is growth there. We are adding more countries. There is more to do there. And we are adding what we call sweet success, which is where we take an industry -- not even an industry, a micro industry. So instead of taking retail, we would take retail bookstores and campus bookstores and universities, and we would refine the solution for campus bookstores and then put a consulting offer around it that we would deliver, so it's a complete one-stop shop for the customer. And we're continuing to build those out. So we've increased R&D yet again to do more of those, increased our sales force yet again to get after more customers. And our expectation is that we continue to drive significant growth in NetSuite. 
