Marc Naughton: This is Marc, Bret. On that contract, because of the timeframe that it's going to be engaged, there's actually very little revenue recognition that came in upfront on that deal. A good portion is software, but that will spread out over a period of time.
Marc Naughton: There's some related to implementations. There are also some related to some of our RevWorks clients. So we are bringing it, using some limited third parties for certain roles. The vast majority of the work is done by Cerner Associates. We're bringing those on at a good clip and I'm not short of those, but for certain skill sets, we will supplement with third-party consultants. So not significant, but there are some that do implementation. But most of it is not implementation.
Marc Naughton: Yes. This is Marc. I think from a global standpoint, you saw the top line kind of declining a little bit throughout last year, so the Q1 and Q2 were stronger, Q3 and Q4 were a little lower. I think we're seeing the opposite trend this year, where you're going to see Q1 and Q2 starting a trend back up. So we'd expect those to continue to trend up. So year-over-year, we'll have an increase in our global. Whether it will be the significant increase we've seen in the U.S., maybe not, but it still reflects the strengthening of certain targeted areas in the global markets x Continental Europe, which is still not contributing anything at this point.
Marc Naughton: This is Marc. Some of what they're looking at is obviously the "got to get to Stage 2 and to Stage 3 Meaningful Use." But as Zane indicated, they're looking beyond that. So as they're going through their supplier review, of their existing supplier and potential future suppliers, it's a very broad strategic look that they're taking at things. And this additional runway the Stage 2 deferral is giving us is going to get let them go through that process. And we, as Zane said, think that is very good for us because we show very well when you get beyond "just get me to Stage 3 of Meaningful Use."
Marc Naughton: And George, just on the ambulatory question. We -- clearly our recent improvements and successes in that space relative to our solutions has positioned us well. We have the ability to go to our existing clients and the new clients who've made a significant ambulatory investment and offer to connect that investment into our solutions. We're highly interoperable and happy to do that. We're also seeing a subset of our clients who say, "I want to go all with one supplier," and our capabilities now in the ambulatory space allow us to compete effectively there as well. So we expect that to be a very big driver of our business as we go forward, because there is a mishmash of things out in the ambulatory space to some extent. And I think that will consolidate over time into people selecting certain suppliers.
Marc Naughton: Okay. And this is Marc, Jamie. It may actually be a combination of all 3 of those elements. I think there are a fair amount of clients who are waiting for Stage 1. They'll get there on their current supplier. They're going to make a decision to go with a different supplier thereafter. And while they're looking to rip and replace, it's probably going to be incrementally accomplished as they layer in solutions from that new supplier over a period of time. There'll be some big bangs where they'll replace everything at once. But I think it -- that extends this market a little bit longer to be more of a 3- to 5-year market, as people do layer in their strategy of rip and replace through some incremental steps.
Marc Naughton: No, clearly, Jamie, when we're talking about global, we think there are areas that have focus on healthcare and have the funds available to go and begin some very important projects. And certainly, Far East has elements of that, that we think could be very interesting.
Marc Naughton: Yes, this is Marc. I think we would -- it's kind of early. We'd probably expect to see Lighthouse be a little stronger this year than it was last year, and can see the -- continue to see improvement in that. Starting off a fairly -- there's a -- trying to recollect the exact number, but given what I think is a little bit lower bar than that, growth would be -- in this marketplace is likely. But it should be kept more incremental until we get a little further down the road when these quality and core measures are going to be very important.
Marc Naughton: And then, this is Marc. I would be a little more aggressive and indicate that there are people who probably might be very happy with their suppliers today who, when all of these requirements come to light -- interoperability, sharing of data, reporting, are going to find out that maybe the one they selected isn't the best answer. So I think there are people who might be happy today that are going to be in the same place as half the market is today, looking to see if they do have the right person. So I think Zane's comment for the near term is accurate, but I think going longer term, people are going to be taking a very close look. And the requirements only get harder.
Marc Naughton: The elements, as Zane talked about, in Stage 2 in the med administration, physician documentation are both very substantial solutions to purchase. So I don't know that -- certainly going to Stage 2, there's still a significant amount of opportunity and revenue we would see from clients who are purchasing the solutions to make Stage 2. So it is not a significant dropoff from Stage 1 to Stage 2, depending on the client and what their current status is.
Marc Naughton: Yes, and this is Marc. The billing rates have stayed relatively constant -- slight uptick. The utilization is going up because of, as Mike says, the utilization of the centers and other techniques and therefore driving more margin per associate than we have in the past.
Marc Naughton: It's a very small piece of the bookings, because from the device resale amount, it's probably less than -- right around 5% maybe, some place in that vicinity. So it's very immaterial to us today. Obviously, our goal is to make it more material over time.
Marc Naughton: We indicated that part of the overattainment -- so over $100 million of overattainment during the quarter, about $50 million of that came from some overattainment on one ITWorks deal that we had. And then obviously the other large deal in the quarter would've been from HealthSouth. So relative to contributing to bookings, neither of those -- they're both well under $100 million, so they're not giant deals, but those were the 2 good-sized deals. But only -- from a RevWorks, ITWorks, you only have the one component that contributed to bookings this quarter.
Marc Naughton: The ITWorks contract is for services, for us to take over. They are non-Cerner infrastructure. Any sale of additional solutions, any support on those additional software solutions, any other activities that are beyond the scope of just running those non-Cerner applications would be additional revenue. So a booking for an ITWorks deal will be the amount of revenue over that longer period of time, as we discussed, that will come in just related to the services. That's part of the strategy, is that in itself might not be a high margin business, but the ability to sell additional software back and convert them to Cerner applications of course not only gets you incremental Cerner Solutions software dollars, but also starts the support stream running from Cerner. So those are the kind of add-on sales, in addition to being able to effectively help them manage their implementation and coexist it with Cerner Solutions. So a lot of strategic reasons for doing that, but those contracts, when we talk about them are just for the services.
Marc Naughton: Okay. At this point, I would like to thank everyone for being on the call. I know you're very busy. We thank you for your attention. We're very pleased with the quarter we had, and we'll talk to you a little bit later. Thank you very much,
Zane Burke: Bret, it's -- I think that the elongation is a slight net positive for us in terms of having a bigger runway there. And so we're seeing that it's not slowing purchases down, but I think it's going to give us more runway in terms of meeting the Stage 2 guidelines for them.
Zane Burke: No. Fundamentally, people are really beginning to look beyond that and where their vendor is going to be able to take them around some of the -- beyond Meaningful Use. And I think there's a fair amount of folks that are concerned about their core supplier being able to meet the Stage 2 requirements regardless of the 1-year elongation.
Zane Burke: This is Zane. I think there's been a continual -- we've seen a demand peaking and growing, and like I say, we've seen it get even hotter, if you will. So there's more that think there's more runway to them. I think we see this a 5-year -- 5- to 7-year horizon because there's so many things coming at our clients. There's the next wave. Right after Stage 2, there's Stage 3. There's the other bundled payment elements that both Jeff and I have discussed in our comments. And I think clients are -- I think you're going to see buying behavior for the next 5 to 7 years at pretty high levels.
Zane Burke: Sure, this is Zane. Historically speaking, the investor-owned segment has not made a huge investment in the clinical information systems, with the exception of Tenet being on the early side of that. We've seen a lot of interest across the investor-owned segments. And I think you have to think about that very broadly in terms of across the transitions of care. So when you think about what we're -- an example of HealthSouth being in the rehab space. I think you'll continue to see that, where what's occurring there is they recognize there's a need to digitize their health records to begin to prepare for what health -- what true health reform is going to look like around value-based payments, around ACOs. And they realize that the access to the data is key to their business models moving forward. So we continue to see a very active marketplace in the investor-owned segment.
Zane Burke: The core measures is a big driver, so trying to get to -- so you start with that core EMR system, CPOE and then the ability to get to the core measures in those quality reporting is a key differentiator for us. And our proven ability to be able to have -- we have the most CPOE systems live and implemented. That's the core competency of what we're doing. And our ability to do the core measure reporting on top of that is very key as people look forward to Stage 2, Stage 3 and those quality measures.
Zane Burke: I think the Stage 1 piece is effectively -- we're very much on the end of the Stage 1 procurement, just given the timelines that are out there. So with the exception of the community of some smaller community works models, where we can go at a faster implementation cycle -- and we still have runway there on that, on the Stage 1 elements. And we'll have runway there for several quarters. But as it relates to the -- so that piece, it kind of goes into the smaller end of the marketplace. Most are actually in a full rip and replace when they're having the conversation around the Stage 2, what they need to do, so that they'll say, "I can get to a minimum Meaningful Use around perhaps the ED or around orders in that space." Leverage that for their Stage 1 Meaningful Use and then go meet Stage 2 on a Cerner platform. And to do that, they're going to do a pretty much of a rip and replace in that model. There are some cases where we may have a footprint and we're adding to that footprint. But I would put that as the small minority of the situation. So I think if you're looking at -- I wouldn't put them in 1/3, 1/3, 1/3. It's probably -- you've got that smaller end of the segment which is very active and very good for us. And then you've got the rest of the marketplace that's attacking Stage 2 and beyond, and that is a full rip and replace mode.
Zane Burke: Jamie, it's Zane. It's very broad-based, so we did see a lot of activity in the owned physician space in the second quarter in terms of more significant size of those opportunities. But we actually had a broad selection across the independent physician networks as well. So we're very pleased with where we are in that side.
Zane Burke: They were pretty much in line. There were a couple of things that were kind of hidden in that new recommendation which are very positive for Cerner, particularly around meds administration and around the physician documentation. So there was a tightening of that around Stage 2, which is beneficial for us, because our percentage of clients that have purchased those solutions is still -- we still have opportunity, a fair amount of white space in that area, and that does create some good opportunity for us. And just anecdotally, what it did do was kind of reward people that were able to meet Stage 1 today and give them a longer period for Stage 2. So our clients, in general terms, are better positioned actually to achieve their Meaningful Use dollars given the high level of CPOE adoption. So for the most part, we are very pleased with how this plays out, as well as giving us more opportunity in the marketplace to do a -- on the replacement market.
Zane Burke: And just to layer onto Jeff's comments would be that even though 50% of our clients have selected us for the core measures, those measures continue to -- the bar continues to get higher, which is good for us, both from a competitive standpoint, as well as from an additional opportunity perspective. So that raised bar -- the bar continues to grow higher and will create additional opportunity in that space as well
Zane Burke: It's interesting. I think there is more than half of the hospitals in America, I would say, today are at least pausing to make sure they are riding the right horse, and are they making the right selection, because the train is moving very quickly. And the things that are coming at our clients over the next 7 years, there's something each and every year that's a higher hurdle. And so what we're looking at is between -- and we see certain suppliers who are not capable of meeting that long-term hurdle, current course and speed. And I think -- and our clients see that as well, and the prospects as well. It's well more than half, in my mind, of the marketplace will go through a full reselection process. And I would anticipate that would happen over that 5- to 7-year period.
Zane Burke: This is Zane. It's a blend of new clients. So many clients in their selection of their Meaningful Use and other -- and as they think beyond Meaningful Use, they think about what they need from a revenue cycle solution. And so they're selecting us on the new business aside, as well as our existing clients as they prepare for the future world, they're beginning to look at their revenue cycle solution as well, and make selections back into the base. But very much so on the new business side in particular.
Zane Burke: Sure, this is Zane. And Mike wants to comment on the backside. From a marketplace point of view, obviously, there is a heavy competition for talent out there and there is a huge demand. We have the largest consulting workforce in the industry and we've -- our hiring and training practices, and frankly, the strong network that we have of having a deep installed solution set has been very beneficial as we've grown our workforce and actually more than kept up with demand. So we're feeling good about our staffing. The flip side of that is our clients' abilities to staff those same roles. And they're struggling with that capability to do that, which is why you're beginning to see the ITWorks play out more and more, as well as other outsourcing types of arrangements where we can play the client-side roles. So again, it creates more opportunity for us as an organization, in our scale and our ability to actually hire, train and assimilate. And the network that we have is second to none in the industry. And so that's been very beneficial.
Zane Burke: Yes, just so -- well, probably just a slight incremental tick up here in the second quarter so -- which is good for our margin expansion as well.
