Safra Catz: So we’ve got everything finally out and available. And as Larry and I both mentioned, we’ve got Cloud@Customer. We have a lot of orders for that, that we have not deployed yet. So we’ve got a lot of demand there. We’ve got Autonomous Database. We’ve got new versions of Autonomous Database on track. We’ve got the entire Fusion suite rolling even – including all of the additional modules have all been continuously upgraded. So we’ve got an immense amount of demand. And we have enormous pipelines and our conversion rates are increasing. And so the pipe has just expanded so dramatically than I know we’re going to have more bookings, but also previous bookings as those deals are ramping up and more users are using the products were very, very upbeat about the second-half. But even more so next year, we believe that the momentum we will have in the second-half of this year will more than carry through to 2021.
Safra Catz: I generally feel very good about the Q3 license number, as you said, it is lumpy. The one thing we do have is that the GBUs, which, of course, not a giant part of our license business, but are significant. They have moved and their cloud products have become available. And I do expect that most of the orders for new services in the GBUs will come through as Cloud Services instead of just plain License. But I don’t think that will be as significant. I do expect that licenses, in fact, will be just fine in Q3 other than the GBU piece.
Safra Catz: So let me get started and then Larry can add when he needs to add. So first of all, the Data Cloud has stabilized. I don’t know if it will stay that way, but that was a very significant headwind for us. In that whole business, it has completely stabilized. It grew ever so slightly. Additionally, the adoption in our ERP Cloud is now such that it’s in the thousands. We’ve many, many references. And what happens in our business is that, once you are sort of obviously referenceable, it becomes much, much easier for other potential customers to move ahead. One of the things that had been to some extent leading to a wait-and-see attitude by some historically business suite customers was the adoption of first availability and now adoption of supply chain. Our supply chain now has many, many customers, and so more of our customers are willing and interested in moving. Remember, every single quarter, a 100-plus new features become available. And some of those have been must-have features for extremely happy customers in the business suite. Simultaneously, as Larry mentioned, SAP customers have realized that SAPs’ offerings are not cloud offerings. If you use SAP’s technology, you don’t get a 100 new features every quarter. There’s a simply a hosted offering, which means that we are the obvious choice for customers who are – who want to go through and really adopt a digital approach in their business. And so for us, this is going to be success leads more success. It’s an incredibly virtuous cycle. And as Larry mentioned, what it also means is that additional modules are going with and that’s clearly showing up in our other segments and, of course, HCM, which is obviously a match and then ultimately, the front-office, where we’ve got a lot of new technology rolling out that is being adopted.
Safra Catz: Yes. This quarter, EMEA only grew in the single digits. Some of the other regions did grow in the high double digits, some very high double digits. And I think there’s nothing really special going on one way or the other. Some of it’s just the way the quarter falls out for them. But overall, our business remains very strong. And I think that next quarter could be completely different. So it was – it’s really nothing. We’re not seeing a massive change even month-over-month or quarter-over-quarter from what it looked like. Obviously, there are some regions doing very, very well for a number of different reasons as they get to roll out new capabilities. We’ve got a lot of – we’ve got data centers opening and have opened very, very successfully in Latin America and in Asia and in Japan. And so we’ve got a lot of usage and increase in some of those areas, which helped explain some of the big growth in some of those areas. But EMEA, I think, we will see – there’s nothing special, in particular. I have no real color to add and we’ll see what happens after today’s selection in the UK.
Lawrence Ellison: Okay. This is Larry. I know how to answer that question, because I get the question is, so how’s our search for a second CEO guy? Remember, when we announced two CEOs, the first time was people thought that was a bit odd. And so now people are finding that we have one CEO is a bit odd, two CEOs – so it’s so simple. So let me make it very simple. How’s our search going for the new – for a second CEO, we don’t have plans. We have no plans for having a second CEO, it was an unusual situation, where Mark and Safra were an absolutely fantastic team. But we have complete confidence in our existing management team. We’re doing a lot of recruiting and you’ll see a lot of announcements at the next layer down that we’re hiring a bunch of people at the next layer down who are potential CEOs, when both Safra and I retire and which is not anytime soon. And so we’re going to strengthen the management team, but one of the strategies for strengthening that team is not to hire a second CEO.
Lawrence Ellison: Well, no. I mean, there – either in terms of a technological breakthrough. Well, I guess, we’re the first commercial relational database.
Lawrence Ellison: The very beginning, that’s kind of created Oracle Corporation, right? So that we had the very first commercial relational database. We had one before IBM did or anyone else did. So that traded – that turned this company from an idea into the company that manages most of the world’s information. So I would say, Autonomous Database is that same kind of thing. It’s – it is so much different, so much favored to use, so much more reliable than anything else that’s in the market. I think everyone is going to use it. Virtually, everyone is going to use it. Now that said, it is – it takes a while when you introduce an all new products. The good news is, we have a huge installed base here. It takes a while for that – for us to shift a, if you will, a next-gen technology and get people comfortable with it and using it. And that first year, we’ve seen a lot of early adopters. But the early adopters are now in the thousands. And we think eventually the only database will offer, it’s Autonomous Database. It will replace everything else. And by the way, at Autonomous Database, it’s only available in Q4. If we put a cloud in – if we put our cloud in your data center, that’s our Exadata machine and our Middleware machines and all of that is in our storage in your data center and our Public Cloud. So it – we think it will be consumed in one of those two ways and that will replace our entire base. So it means that our existing database business from a financial standpoint will more than double or triple or triple probably is a reasonable estimate to look out. Now, of course, when you are in your business, it’s all about timing. And I wish I could tell you exactly how much will sell over the next 18 months. That’s kind of tricky. Now we don’t have that many data points. We have four quarters of data points. And then the first couple of quarters, it was so new. So we really only have a couple of quarters of data points. All I’ve been saying is none of us ever seen an adoption rate like this before.
Lawrence Ellison: Yes. I think a lot of SAP’s – again, in the mid-market, where we are replacing a lot of SAP customers and we’ve got them live and we have references. But right at the very impacts of SAP’s customer base, they’re top 50 customers around the world. They’re – looking at this one particular implementation that where we expect to go live in March of next year. And I would describe them as rooting for us. They want to have an alternative to a billion-dollar SAP upgrade. SAP end-of-life, their current stuff in 2025. So if you’re a big SAP customer, you’ve got to make it – that some people have bought – actually bought ahead, actually bought as we’re having in the cloud with no plan – with no really good plan to implement it. It’s a five-year implementation. They’re getting price quotes of a billion-dollars for the upgrade. Imagine going from your existing SAP system, taking out Oracle and replacing HANA and that’s the only change. Basically, that’s the only change and it’s hosted. It’s not cloud. There is no cloud. Anyway, I want to say, well, it’s easy for Oracle and say, go to SAP’s website and try to find the SAP Cloud for ERP. I mean, you can find it for the stuff they bought. You can find it for Callidus, which is on one cloud. You can find it for Ariba, which is on another cloud. You can find it for little SurveyMonkey, and all the stuff that they bought. But they forgot. They forgot to write ERP, that’s your business and they forgot to rewrite ERP there. There are projects that they had to do that whole business by design fails, they canceled it. So there is no cloud option for SAP customers. They can’t go to Workday. Workday can’t even handle mid-market ERP. So we’re at – so believe me, they want an alternatives to SAP, makes sense, right, that they should want an alternative. But we’ve just got to demonstrate that we can safely take these enormous companies to the cloud in a way that they’re not putting their business than any risks. And that’s why this one particular giant implementation they’re watching closely. But by the way, they’re not just watching and waiting. A number of their biggest customers in the heart of German, lots of them are working with – these are German customers the core of SAP are working with us. And taking some of their – moving some of their divisions already on some of their divisions to Oracle’s Fusion to persuade themselves that we can do this safely. They’ve gone that far. They don’t want to continue with its obsolete code. This is – this opportunity is gigantic, because we have one European customer on – competitor on-premise. They don’t have a cloud offering. That’s SAP. And we’ve got one ERP Cloud competitor that just as not doing very well, having a hard time getting their business off the ground. It doesn’t scale there a lot. There are a lot of problems. So we have a chance here to be – to get what used to be in the old world called gates share for ERP and getting – like Microsoft Office to be – the Microsoft Office of ERP, where – and it’s sitting there. And we just have to get this last proof point out to SAP’s largest customers. Yes, we can do this. We can do it safely. And we will be overwhelmingly the largest application company in the cloud.
Lawrence Ellison: Okay, I’m happy to do that. I think the most interesting thing that’s going on is, we’ve decided to take, if you will, in AWS approach to selling Autonomous Database in the cloud. So we almost prefer selling our $30,000 deal to a $100,000 deal, because in a $30,000 deal, we can close in four weeks. So we think the way to sell Autonomous Database is to get it installed on a project in one of our customers, get it going, help them become successful. And then once they under – once they actually get their hands on Autonomous Database and they have working app, they have working projects, working data warehouses, working transaction processing systems, you start some new land and expand. So we’re selling thousands and thousands of small deals. And some of those deals are already coming back as larger deals. But our approach, again, is to – and most of it is not BYOL, because they’re small. I mean some of it is. Not – yes, some of it is BYOL, but the majority is not BYOL. It was interesting in the early days in ERP. When we had ERP, people moving our e-business suite customers. No, they were new logos. In the early days in Cloud ERP for us, they were new logos. Believe it or not, we’re actually seeing new logos and database. But again, most of them are our customers, but they’re not using their existing licenses. They’re going ahead and using a standard cloud and license, what we call [indiscernible]. They pay us as we get. You pay for what you use. I mean, it’s the promise of the cloud. And we’re getting in thousands of these, because we think the best selling techniques for Autonomous Database is try it, get it running, watch it backs itself up. It upgrades itself. It tunes itself. It configures itself. There’s nothing like it. We just got to win those hearts and minds. And the way to do that is go wide across our entire customer base. That’s what’s going on. And again, it’s working very, very well. I think it’s working very, very well, because we’re seeing just beginning to see the first people coming back and going from $30,000 a month to $600,000 a month.
