Larry Ellison: Thank you, Safra. The demand for Oracle's Cloud Infrastructure and Generative AI is consistently increasing quarter after quarter. Oracle's total remaining performance obligations, or RPO, has now reached $65 billion, slightly more than our annual revenue. In response to this sharply increasing demand, Oracle is in the process of expanding 66 of our existing cloud data centers and building 100 new cloud data centers. We have to build 100 additional cloud data centers because there are billions of dollars more in contracted demand than we currently can supply. Cloud Infrastructure demand is huge and growing at an unprecedented rate. In the next few weeks, we expect to sign a couple more billion dollar Cloud Infrastructure contracts. Gartner recently named Oracle OCI as a leader in cloud platform and infrastructure services. The demand for Cloud Infrastructure services and new Oracle cloud data centers is broad-based, driven not only by Generative AI customers, but also by nation states buying sovereign Oracle cloud data centers, plus large banks, telecommunications companies, and industrial companies, buying dedicated cloud data centers, dedicated Oracle cloud data centers, and perhaps most interestingly, demand from other hyperscalers and other cloud service providers, co-locating and connecting their clouds with Oracle cloud data centers. Customers don't want clouds to be walled gardens. In the next few months, we will turn on 20 new Oracle cloud data centers, co-located with and connected to Microsoft Azure as a part of our joint multi-cloud initiative. These 20 new multi-cloud data centers will house over 2,000 full racks of Exadata database machines designed to meet pent-up demand for the Oracle cloud database. We're able to build new data centers rapidly and operate them inexpensively because all of our data centers are architecturally identical, highly automated, with an identical high-performance RDMA network, autonomous services, and applications. Oracle cloud data centers vary only by scale. Again, several nation states have ordered multiple sovereign data centers to be built within their country so that they can move their government, healthcare, and commercial workloads to the Oracle cloud. These new countries include Japan, Italy, Saudi Arabia, Bangladesh, New Zealand, and others. Some of the world's largest banks, telecommunications and industrial companies, have also contracted with us to build Oracle cloud data centers dedicated entirely to them so that they can migrate their workloads to an Oracle cloud data center. These companies include Nomura, Vodafone, Telecom Italia Mobile, Saudi Telecom, a huge Korean conglomerate, and a huge US defense contractor. These are but a few examples that demonstrate the diversity of the growing demand for Oracle's highly differentiated Gen2 cloud infrastructure and data center technology. Back to you, Ken.
Larry Ellison: Yeah, well again, in the next few weeks, I mentioned we're going to sign two additional contracts right around $1 billion each. I mean the backlog is growing astronomically. I think it's the word Safra used and that's accurate. There's no reason why -- OCI grew 50% this quarter. I think OCI is going to get much bigger and actually the growth rate will be above 50%, I believe, as these data centers come online. We think we can build a lot of these data centers very quickly. By the way, again, I emphasize it's not just GenAI demand. There is huge pent-up cloud database demand. There is huge demand overseas for sovereign clouds, where people -- governments haven't been able to move their workloads. A lot of those are government Oracle workloads. They haven't been able to move their workloads to the cloud. I mean, there are literally, I don't know, five, six, seven large companies in Japan that will be building at least two data centers, Oracle data centers each. So again, the demand is extraordinary. We can build the data centers relatively fast. And I expect the OCI growth rate to be over 50% for a few years.
Larry Ellison: Yeah I do. I think one thing is very important. We're much more highly automated than the older data centers. So to give you an idea, Oracle Cloud -- to run Oracle Cloud we have to keep track of all of our customers, how much they're using. We have to have a variety of databases and applications that run the cloud. Those databases are all the autonomous database. We have no labor associated with those databases. It's all completely automated. Our installations, when we bring up a new cloud, you plug it in and the process of bringing it up is largely automated. There aren't lots and lots of people in the data center to bring it up, and there certainly aren't lots and lots of people in the data center to run it every day. We focus on autonomous services. Our Linux, our operating system is fully autonomous. There's no labor associated with running it. There's certainly labor associated with building the software, but not running the software, it doesn't cost us more to run 100 data centers than it costs us to run 10 in terms of DBAs or people running Oracle Autonomous Linux. So we have a very different model than our old data centers or our competitors' data centers. We can run these things, we can bring them up relatively quickly and we can run them very inexpensively and efficiently. One last thing about being autonomous, the fact that it's automated, there are far fewer errors and there are far fewer security vulnerabilities because the system is completely self-driving.
Larry Ellison: I don't want to go into detail, but the autonomous database is, one, autonomous, there's no labor associated with it, but it's also the only database that's fully elastic. In other words, if you're not using it, no one's using it. I mean, there are no cores, there's no cores occupied. It goes back into the pool. So if you as a customer aren't doing something with the database, literally no cores are occupied. It's very different than an Amazon database where you allocate. I always need 64 cores or 64 processors to run my database and that's seven days a week, 24 hours a day. We only charge you for what you use when you're using it. We only consume what you use when you're using it. Otherwise, it goes to other customers. It's totally different. That allows us to have dramatically higher gross margins.
Larry Ellison: And I believe about half the customers will be moved, half of the Millennium customers. You can think that Cerner is just automating hospitals like Epic. And that's a product called Millennium. And about half of those customers will move to OCI by February. Half of all existing customers will be in Oracle OCI. But we've also developed something that began at Cerner. And we have finished now, completely rewritten it. Well, we're in the process. We will finish next calendar year. But it is largely rewritten and available right now, something called our Health and Data Intelligence platform and it was known as Cerner HealtheIntent. And that's for public health. That's for population scale, public health management. Again, it's sold to US states. It's sold to Australian states. It's sold to European countries. It's for managing population health. Remember during COVID when we didn't know, New York thought they were living out of hospital rooms, but they really weren't, but no one knew, because no one kept track of our inventory of hospital rooms. There was no national view. No one knew how many people contracted COVID yesterday. We didn't have that national view. We have that national view. It is fully staffed and it is available right now. So some of the pieces, some of the Cerner pieces are coming online, other Cerner pieces are moving more gradually, but they're all going into OCI. And they're all very quickly moving from a license basis to a subscription basis.
Larry Ellison: So it will be fully an OCI and SaaS, but it will not be the new, we are rewriting, we are replacing Millennium a piece at a time, not a big lift and shift, but we are upgrading and modernizing Millennium a piece at a time, and different pieces will be available starting next year. And so, Cerner customers will be getting new features and capabilities as a part of Millennium as Millennium moves to OCI. And again, half the customers will be in OCI by February. So we're making a lot of progress. At the same time, we're adding a lot of new products to Millennium, like the public health products. But we're also adding much of new products for pharmaceutical companies. We're adding additional products for hospitals to keep track of their inventory, for hospitals to manage their workforce, really what we think of is our health division in Oracle has products for the entire healthcare ecosystems. Payers, including governments, including insurance companies, providers, including ambulatory clinics and hospitals, pharmaceutical companies, research companies, and public health departments in national governments and state governments. So we have products for the entire healthcare ecosystem, which is a much larger footprint than Cerner ever had. So we are going after a much larger market than Cerner was. So we expect Cerner to be a growth story. I guess that's what I'm getting at.
Larry Ellison: Okay, thanks. Our customers are very happy with the idea. Remember Oracle started as one of the first databases that ran everywhere. We ran on IBM mainframes. We ran on personal computers. We ran on digital equipment, if you remember them, mini computers, [broadly] (ph) and HP mini computers. We ran on every operating system on every computer. Now, in cloud, they're very happy to see that they can not only get the Oracle database at OCI, they can also get the identical capability from Microsoft. Microsoft, we are building data centers for Microsoft inside Azure. And Microsoft, it wasn't us that decided 2000 was the right number of Exadata machines to install in those 20 data centers. That was Microsoft. The demand is enormous. They want the same flex -- our customers want the same flexibility they've always had with Oracle. They want to use Oracle. They want to transition. But if they're using the Microsoft Cloud, they want to run the best and latest and greatest version of Oracle in the Microsoft Cloud. They'd want to do that in other clouds as well. Some of them, it's very important to have it in Japan, for example. It's very important for some of that data remaining in Japan. One of the things the Oracle database does is it runs the Tokyo Stock Exchange. And it does that in a dedicated data center run by Nomura Research, who supplies financial services and Oracle Cloud, Oracle Gen2 Cloud services to the Japanese market. There are a number of other partners in Japan that are going that same direction. So they used to -- in Japan, they used to buy the Oracle database from Nomura or they used to buy it from Fujitsu, or they bought it from Hitachi, or they bought it from NEC. They wanted that Oracle database. It is quite natural for all of those companies to build their own, have their own dedicated regions of OCI and sell to their and support their customers out of those regions. That's the flexibility we allow that's something that nobody else can do. We can build these regions for our partners. We can build these regions for sovereign states. We can build these regions for large companies that want to have -- that don't want their data commingled with anyone else's data. They want a public cloud, they want a full OCI, they want every part of OCI. But they don't want anyone else in their region. They want it to be theirs and theirs alone. We can do that. Nobody else can.
Larry Ellison: Let me summarize. That means literally any way you want to get Oracle, any way you want to get Oracle, you'll be able to get it. It'll be a little bit back to the future. And we think the impact on demand -- on database demand, we're seeing it already. Let me close with 2,000 Exadata racks. That's a stunning number in terms of how many customers you can put on that. That's tens of thousands of customers you can put on that much hardware.
Larry Ellison: Yeah, well, we're using it every place. Perhaps the most stunning is our new tele -- again, I mentioned it, and then it's Cerner that we're doing a lot of things that Cerner never did in what is now called Oracle Health. One of those things is our new telecommunication module summarizes a consultation between a doctor and a patient and writes the doctor's notes for the doctor automatically. In fact, for the first time we've done it, we now have our large language model generating the summary without a scribe that the doctor can edit in a couple of minutes. So, it's actually succeeded in doing one of the very hardest tasks we assigned it. And of course, we're using it in all in an -- everything from as simple as doing product descriptions or job descriptions, all of those, you've read about all of those, we've actually got those implemented and are delivering those to customers. But even in the most challenging areas, in drug design, we're having success with pharmaceutical companies. But actually writing the doctor's notes without a scribe has shocked a great many people and well, another area in terms of diagnosing cancer from biopsy, just biopsy images, being able to do that very, very quickly where the patient knows weeks sooner than they would otherwise, and then they get the news weeks sooner, from just the immediate AI processing of the biopsy image, they find out weeks sooner whether they have to go on chemotherapy or whether they're cancer-free. And we're doing that with an Israeli partner called Imaging. So, no, we're seeing a huge uptake of this technology, everything from complex healthcare and health science to more mundane tasks that you find throughout an enterprise, but still very important in making your employees in your company more efficient and more competitive.
Larry Ellison: Well, we think inside of our -- remember we're a little bit different than Microsoft. We have a lot more enterprise applications, for example, in healthcare. We run clinical trials. We run hospitals. We run ambulatory clinics. We run -- we have diagnostic databases for -- image processing databases, conventional blood testing databases, all of those. So our monetization is really at the highest end of the value chain, which is we actually supply the application with our partner that does cancer diagnosis, that does the doctor's notes, that does the doctor's orders, that actually automatically generates the prescriptions, that reminds the patient to take the subscription so you get compliance. Right now, without once again, I can't spend too much time on it. Right now, doctors don't know if patients have refilled their prescriptions. The doctors aren't notified and the patients aren't notified, reminding, we're doing all of that. We're doing a bunch of things with and that's the high end, that's the high value end of AI when you're preventing someone from being re-hospitalized, which has a huge cost in terms of human suffering and money.
Larry Ellison: Safra is making a very good point in that we have our own applications in healthcare, but we have partners and other companies that come to us to use our AI to enrich their applications. And we keep their data private and allow them to enrich their applications. That company I mentioned earlier, Imaging, that's not our application that does the cancer diagnosis. That's an Israeli company that's doing that, but they're using our AI to develop their healthcare application. So, we monetize through imaging, enabling them to build their AI application. And we also build a lot of our own. So of course, Safra is right. It's a combination of the two.
Larry Ellison: Well, okay, how about Microsoft puts an order -- in an order for 20 cloud data centers? That's what we're saying. When one company, as you say, we have 60, by the way, that's a little bit misplaced. That's not quite right. I mean, we have 66 cloud regions and we sometimes use those synonymously. They're not always -- they don't, data center and regions don't necessarily translate one to one. But the -- when someone comes along and orders 20, then that creates a lot of opportunity for us to build more data centers and get more OCI customers because we're building OCI data centers inside of the Azure cloud. So those are the kinds of things we're seeing. We're building our own public regions based on direct customer demand and then we're building partner regions like the 20 data centers from Microsoft. The combination of the two adds up to 100.
Larry Ellison: Let me give you one example of that, what Safra is describing, is we got enough Nvidia GPUs for Elon Musk's company xAI to bring up the first version, the first available version of their large language model called Grok. They got that up and running. But boy did they want a lot more. Boy did they want a lot more GPUs than we gave them. We gave them quite a few, but they wanted more and we are in the process of getting them more. So, the demand, we got that up pretty quickly. They were able to use it, but they want dramatically more. There's this gold rush towards building the world's greatest large language model. And we are doing our best to give our customers what we can this quarter, and then dramatically increase our ability to give them more and more capacity each succeeding quarter.
Safra Catz: Yeah, it is really still to come. It is -- we're talking about tens of billions of dollars when it comes over. So it's starting to come, but we haven't been in the place to receive it all en masse, and customers have to get comfortable with it. And also, multi-cloud has to really roll out, and that's going to be another piece of it. So customers are going to have so many excellent choices. They can go in the public cloud, they can go in OCI, they can go in their cloud to customer. They can go in OCI at Azure is one possibility. So there's just -- it is the absolute beginning. Because remember, the Oracle database is not a toy. It's a mission critical system. If it just disappeared at companies, the whole planet would come to a standstill. And so this is coming and it's just the beginning. So you see what's going on with OCI, no one believed us this was possible, now here we're at, and then right behind it is going to come the database, and that's going to be something.
Safra Catz: Now we have multiple ways, by the way, to monetize it, not only as part of our application, but also as part of our infrastructure. Because one of the unique capabilities we allow is for customers when they use our product to basically use their private data in some of these models for them to learn, but then to ultimately keep control of their data. And this is applicable in many, many different types of applications, and this is a service we provide in addition. So there's just a lot of…
Safra Catz: Yeah, and also one of the things is in that number, it doesn't include the many, many clouded customers, which started small, and now companies have decided they want their own region. So they had a clouded customer, which is smaller, and they decide, no, no, no, now I want a dedicated region of my own. I get it. This is working. I've saved millions, tens of millions, sometimes hundreds of millions. Now I want my own. Also really, it is absolutely true, we did not bring up as much capacity as we could have used this past quarter because we had to make some audible calls on the field to decide how to allocate, whether to build something small which was available, which I could have recognized revenue in right in the quarter, or instead to go much bigger and to wait until some larger capacity was going to be available to hand over to me. So as I think I've hinted and we're talking about demand, had we had capacity this quarter in the hundreds of millions of dollars more that was just sitting there waiting to take it, and we had made some deployment choices because we need more and we need it bigger, instead of taking small pieces or smaller pieces, we decided to focus on the bigger parts and try to also treat our customers fairly and work with them to meet their needs.
