Ken Bond: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle’s third quarter fiscal year 2016 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and CEO, Safra Catz and Mark Hurd. As a reminder, today’s discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today’s discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect those forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and we encourage you to review our most recent reports including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or publicly release any revision to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking call, we will begin with a few prepared remarks. With that, I’d like to turn the call over to Safra.
Ken Bond: Well, our PaaS business grew at a 150% this past quarter. So our customers, I mean, it’s interesting that Microsoft is now offering people’s server on Linux. But people want Oracle in the cloud. People have a huge investment in Oracle products. I mean, people are coming after us, because we are by far the market leader in database. If you’re in the database business, the only when you can come after is us. So, of course, Amazon, they’re going to be in the database business too is coming after us, and of course Microsoft wants to be bigger in the database business, they have to come after us. We’re the biggest player. We see our customers, literally millions of applications and millions of users of those applications built on top of the Oracle database, wanting to move those applications into the cloud and we do that very well. Our PaaS service is even easier to use and better than Oracle is on-premise. So we see the next generation of our database business predominantly in the cloud that will still sell an awful lot of that software on-premise. The beauty of what we offer is the same exact database experience on-premise and in the cloud and the ability for our customers to move a workload from on-premise and into the cloud, and move data from on-premise into the cloud with the push of the button. That’s something that Microsoft can’t offer. We have a huge installed base that wants to migrate to the cloud, but still wants to have an on-premise infrastructure. And we provide graceful compatibility and coexistence with what’s in your data center and what’s in the cloud, as you begin that decade-long migration to the cloud. We’ve made a bunch of – sorry for the long answer, we’ve made a bunch of enhancements to our database including multi-tenancy and memory, a lot of advanced security to make it easier and favor to go to the cloud. We think that gives us a huge competitive advantage and that our customers aren’t going to leave us quite the contrary, our customers are going to move a lot of what they have to the Oracle cloud.
Ken Bond: Thank you, very much. But let me add one more thing which is a lot of people over the years have come after us in database. The problem is if you want to move to SAP HANA, you have to rewrite your application. If you want to move to Amazon database, and they have a couple, you have to rewrite your application. That is just a huge barrier for our customers. Our customers want to run their existing applications faster and more securely in the cloud. They want to make an easy transition. We’re very comfortable we get depend our leading position in the database market.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. The telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours. Dial-in information can be found in the press release issued earlier today. Please call the Investor Relations department for any follow-up questions from this call. We look forward to speaking with you in the future. Thanks you again for joining us. With that I’ll turn the call back to operator for closing.
Mark Hurd: Thanks Larry. First I apologize for my voice today. Yes, I’m going to do my best to get some information out here even though with my voice. SaaS PaaS deferred revenue of 96% that Safra mentioned, is growing three times the rate of salesforce and twice the rate of Workday. We’ve booked $310 million in ARR in the quarter, 77% CD growth in Q3, up sequentially from 75%. Our PaaS bookings were $106 million in USD. Our pipeline is huge, SaaS, PaaS. We’re on track for a $1.5 billion of ARR bookings. Customer caps, SaaS, we have 942 new SaaS customers in the quarter. Over half were Fusion wins. We had 783 customer expansions in the quarter, an all time high. Our installed base of SaaS customers is now 11,000. CX, we have 465 customer wins in Q3, more than 500 expansions. HCM 213 new customers in Q3. Over the past two years, we have nearly doubled the number of customers of Workday and we are seeing a lot of Workday defections. In ERP, 334 customers in Q3, a 175 did not have Oracle on-premise apps before they bought. We are clearly taking share; our installed base is now well over 1,800 customers. Together Fusion HCM and ERP had more go lives in the last six quarters, than Workdays life time total. And I would like to use the word in the competition for ERP customers between us and Workday it is a slaughter. Go lives in the quarter, we had – closing in on 1,500 customers. That are now wide on fusion. Our Q3 was our best go live quarter ever. In PaaS, we had 1,143 new PaaS customers. Our installed base now has nearly 5,000 customers. Well, that’s a big number from starting from zero; it is still an enormous opportunity with 310,000 on-premise database customers. This business is going to be extremely large for us. Our renewals continue to improve our renewal rates were higher than previous year. Now, I’m going to give you a few customer wins, just so you have some context of names and brands in the quarter that committed to our solutions. Infusion HCM cloud I’m going to readout some names, Acasta, Adventist Health, Blue Shield of California, Cooperative Group, GeneRally, Real Networks, Sisters of Charity Health System, SuperValu, Technip, Vanderbilt University, Yum! Brands, ERP, Adventist Health, American Institute of Physics, Bluebird Bio, Boston Market, Culinary Institute of America, Cal State University, Dresser-Rand, Harvard Medical Facility, Japan Airlines, Orange in France, SuperValu, Scholastic, SunEdison, Vanderbilt University, The University of Kansas, Velpro, Yum! Brands, in Sales Cloud, Adventist Health, Cigna, GE Intelligent Systems, Kaiser Permanente, Lego, Omron, Real Networks, Suncorp, Telecom Italia Brazil, Travelport, Trenitalia, in Marketing Cloud AIG, Bank of Nova Scotia, Canon, Citigroup, Quintin Foundation, Coach, Dish, Forever 21, TeleServices, Landmark Group, Lego Company, Morningstar, Nestle, Princess Cruises, Quicken Loans, Snapfish, Vodafone. Now, I only named those for you and you heard many names mentioned multiple times. And I did that on purpose so you understand some of the cross pillar opportunities that exist as we go forward that when we see the connection rate between ERP and HCM, sales cloud and marketing cloud, which we think are amazing opportunities going forward as Larry described. We are the only one in the market with the breadth of portfolio that we have today. With that, we’ll take your questions.
Mark Hurd: Sure. First, I mean I feel Heather no difference than I did maybe year and half or so, ago when we talked about the leading indicators for our growth in SaaS PaaS and starts with our pipeline. The fact that we have that – our pipeline going into Q4 is the biggest we have ever had. As I said in my prepared comments it is I think I used the term huge it is a big pipeline. Second for us is our billing to convert that and our conversion rate. And what you really have to track is the relative growth rates in each quarter and obviously our expectation that we’ll have a strong Q4. As I said before I’m going to reiterate again. We’re going to do nothing but just get better and better at this business. We have obviously a large quantity of people in the salesforce. We staffed our salesforce two or three years ago. We have trained them. We’ve now trained them multiple times. We now have references not only deals that we have closed, but as I mentioned our go lives are now scaled up. And so the ability for us now for breath of references and the fact as I mentioned that we sell across multiple pillars will give us, we just make a tremendous opportunity, so we’re very, very encouraged. To next year, I am not going to give you, next year guidance other than your point of should it be higher. I think the answer is absolutely yes.
Mark Hurd: By the way, metered revenue was a highlight in the quarter for us. The usage a steady incline in usage was even higher than what we’d modeled. It was very encouraging. 
Mark Hurd: Okay. So first on the renewal rate what I said in my comments where our renewals rates were up year-over-year. They were up I think I made this statement at last quarter, that they were up almost 500 basis points. So that would just give you some idea of our year-to-year improvement in renewals. John, I would tell you that is as good as our renewal rates are they will get materially better. So the first sets of Fusion HCM, Fusion ERP, those numbers while you are right. They are all promotions, they are not yet to a renewal stage. So they are sticky, think of it is our stickiest application, which will drive very, very, very high renewal rates are not yet baked into the – now very high in improving renewal numbers that we’ve got. So that’s your second question. To your first question, listen to your point, we’re making that trade every day. If we can trade license for cloud that’s what we’re doing. And so to your point, yes, you saw a more momentum in the cloud business than probably, you have models and we look at that is great. And so that’s what we’re continuing to focus on this continuing to drive movement to the cloud. And if we do, we get as we model this out again at open world that means more money for us, more revenue for us, long run. So when we can get a booking, a choice of a booking, may be as good as cover this one more time. If we get $1 of booking cloud and $1 of booking in license. In next year we get the support on the license. And next year that dollar we get as a booking, we get another dollar of revenue. So the fact that you see those dollars shift that has an absolute good thing for us, John.
Mark Hurd: I think let’s be clear. Safra said that in her prepared comments that our support renewal rates whereas high as ever so. This really is the points that we talked about earlier, but let’s say it again when people are thinking about debt test as an example, there is a movement of debt test to the cloud particularly debt test of new applications. Am I going to now getting a new license to for debt test for that new application like I’m do in the cloud? And the opportunity to now do in the cloud is what you’re seeing a lot of those new jobs go and that’s certainly through our debt test.
Mark Hurd: Well I mean. I don’t know on the ERP I can keep giving you these counts I’ve heard Workday guys say they’ve got 200. This reminds me when I was originally looking for Hanets many years ago, when I couldn’t find the Hanet I don’t know where there are 200 ERPs from – don’t even take their number, we’re 10x bigger than them. Now in HCM, I don’t know what to tell you I mean I can give you a few brands I mean there is Southwestern Energy. They had Workday and stopped their Workday implementation and use Oracle. Fannie Mae used Workday no longer does and now uses Oracle. ArcGIS they used Workday and they use Workday in the U.S. They went to a global decision for HR, decided on Oracle and replaced their Workday implementation in the U.S. MoneyGram started off implementing Workday. It didn’t go well, reevaluated and now have Oracle HCM cloud as their core HR for their enterprise. Same thing shows that Molina Healthcare. One of the first implementations of Workday, I think it was in Asia-Pacific, was it Simick in Australia. They now stopped their Workday implementation removed it and installed Oracle HCM. Genesis, who’s technology provider here in the Valley, they implemented Workday stop throw it out, and have been implementing Oracle HCM. BrightSource switched to Oracle upon a renewal opportunity for HCM with Workday. So, I mean, California physicians, I mean, Safra is giving me the…
Mark Hurd: Stop but listen, this is just, I get all this stuff that, I hear all this rhetoric and I’m just trying to give you, these are like real companies. That said, we’re going to stop and we’re going to go implement Oracle HCM. And so, that’s what I see going in the market. And that’s why I continue to read all brand names, so we can get away from words and rhetoric and get down to what’s really happening. So Phil, the numbers in ERP are what they are, the names in HCM and let’s just go, I mean, let’s go back to customer counts. The real customers, I mean, what – you can do the extrapolation, I know you do of how many customers that they’re getting new in the marketplace versus how many new we’re getting in the marketplace. So, I’d like to just put the names and the numbers speak for themselves. So, that’s my answer Phil.
Mark Hurd: Okay. I think, what you say is right. I think that Asia-Pacific, I don’t think we want to call that a macro, or make any macro discussions other than – I think our performance in Asia-Pacific is much improved. I think, we took one of our really experienced leaders in the company. And I think, he is done a marvelous job in rebuilding our Asia-Pacific team, and I think it shows in the numbers. So I think our Asia-Pacific performance isn’t necessarily a macro statement, it’s a statement about the improvements in our execution in Asia. I do think that your comments about the stability in U.S., we’ve had very strong performance in many of our SaaS businesses in the United States. Our ERP performance here, our HCM performance here, had really been very strong. The same thing would hold through in Europe as well. I will say that if there’s anything I would comment on the macro that we do see as – we do see the issues in Brazil, probably more than anything else. And we don’t generally make macro comments, but I would say we have a – my opinion, you don’t have to be aware of, but we have a marvelous team in Latin America. You looked over the past several years, but the amount – this is on my chart of market shares. They have gain market share virtually every single category that we compete in virtually every year for the last five years. Their performance cloud SaaS/PaaS has been superb, but we do see what’s gone on in Brazil, say that, I think the rest of your statements are correct.
Mark Hurd: Okay. Yes, I think the maturation of the cloud market or if you will the acceptance of cloud market is becoming – is global. And I think we’ve seen that over the past couple of years. It used to be three, four years ago, when I was talking about cloud in Europe, I would get incredible amounts of resistance to issues around security, data sovereignty, et cetera. Many of those are beginning to go away. Now certainly some of that has been the fact that we now have built out over the past couple of years, data center infrastructure and have so many locations. We have an incredible – by the way, I can tell you Kirky, you realized quickly why you don’t want to get into this cloud business, because the barriers to entry are extreme when you want to go global.  Many of these customers want to know their data is in their country and that’s much of the CapEx we invested a couple of years ago. That we put in and that’s a big advantage for us. Most of our competitors don’t have that infrastructure deployed around the world that we now do. To your point, we also have a very scaled distribution capability in all of those countries. And I think you have this growing acceptance of cloud at both the SaaS and PaaS layer, that I don’t have a metric on it. I can just tell you that the acceptance level of – I’m now going to do my Dev test in the cloud. And I’m talking about this happening in Korea, in Australia in Brazil, is now a regular conversation with all of our customers. So, I would say, acceptance is extremely high, but added to the fact that our distribution and our breadth of delivery capability in local basis is at least than a SaaS market, sort of unmatched to me.
Mark Hurd: Let me go first and then I’ll let Larry follow-up. First, as I’ve said in OpenWorld, I’ll reiterate again, if you look at the IT market, the IT market is 30% Dev test. And I actually believe all of that Dev test over the course of next several years will move to the cloud. And I think people will be looking for the most advanced tools and most modern tools, and most renowned capabilities, and I think that’s us. Our ability to deliver Java, deliver 12c to deliver all of the capabilities that we can today, makes the PaaS market an exciting market that’s, frankly, if you look at numbers more exciting and bigger in scale, and opportunity to do even the SaaS market, and you know how well we’re doing in the SaaS market. So I think, I will not give you milestone Brent, today, as a committed to you and I’ll stick to. I want to wait until we get a full year under our belt here, and at OpenWorld next financial analyst meeting, I will go into the same sort of modeling that we did for SaaS. But make no mistake about it, we’re extremely excited about the scale of the opportunity. The pipeline is huge. And I think you’re going to see this Dev testing. I almost think it’s entirely as a segment, going to move to the cloud and there’s nobody with a better stack of capabilities today. I will let Larry, follow-up.
Safra Catz: Yes. Well, I think what you are obviously saying, I’ve already given your little bit guidance on Q4 SaaS/PaaS revenue and telling you the Q1 would be even higher. I think that this is we’re in an extremely virtuous cycle with the business now, because success breeds even more success. We have so many customers’ lives we have so much interest from our customer base, and from prospects, et cetera, that as we deliver on our orders that we already have and get even more orders we’re very, very upbeat on the growth rate. Additionally, I think as we work through some of our metered purchases over the years, those are all going to be turning into revenue as utilization continues to go up. So we have both the subscription business, which just continues to grow. But we’ve also working our way through metered bookings which turn into revenue when they’re utilized. So we’re very, very upbeat about our position in the cycle. 
Safra Catz: Well it’s really sort of everything coming together. So revenues going up, spending as you could tell our in the cloud capital expenditure is really, really tailed off and we are using all of that infrastructure that we put in. So when you’re not spending more, but your revenues are coming in at these kind of levels and the whole business also – we also have a situation where the revenue for the whole company starting to go up. Then operating income is going to improve. But our SaaS and PaaS margins are on their way up they’ve been really flying high as we said they would than over the last two quarters. And we expect that to continue as revenue continues to go up and expenses do not go up as much and that’s what is going to happen and its happening.
Safra Catz: Well, the way I guess you should think about it is we would be thrilled if everyone of our Oracle database customer came over to our cloud instead of running it on-premise. That would be fabulous. Now do we expect many of them? Many of them clearly are doing it. But we have such an enormous installed base that some of them will put new applications in the cloud, or different types and development in the cloud or a combination or a hybrid. But we would be delighted. You should think about it as if our customers move to the cloud, that means that they not only of course pay us for the software, but we also offer them a service where we own the hardware and we manage, and we do all the labor, and so even though they end up paying us more than they would have historically, just for a support license, a support fee, but they themselves are customers end up spending a lot left, in total because of the massive economies of scale we have in running the Oracle database for them. That they would not have on their own. So it would be delightful, if they’d all move. But some are moving and many are moving, which is wonderful. But I think this will take quite a long time and some will stay on-premise, in definitely and that’s entirely their choice. 
