Lawrence J. Ellison: Thank you, Safra. Next week at Oracle Open World we will be rolling out our new database cloud service with our new multi-tenant Database-as-a-Service offering. Our customers and ISVs can move any of their existing applications and databases to the Oracle Cloud with the push of a button.  With the push of a button your data is automatically compressed 10 to 1 and encrypted for secure and efficient transfer to the Cloud. With the push of a button your existing application automatically becomes a multi-tenant application and it's moved to the Oracle Cloud. No reprogramming is required.  Every single Oracle feature, even our latest high speed and memory processing is included in the Oracle Cloud Database Service. Hundreds of thousands of customers and ISVs have been waiting for exactly this. Database is our largest software business and database will be our largest cloud service business.  Mark, over to you.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Well, again Mark and Safra have done a spectacular job and I think they deserve the recognition of their new title. I'm going to continue to work with Thomas Kurian in software engineering and John Fowler in hardware engineering and Ed Screven and Mark and Safra as I have exactly in the past. So I'm going to continue doing what I have been doing over the last several years, they're going to continue what they've been doing over the last several years.  So they deserve the recognition. They deserve the CEO title and I'm happy that our management team continues forward as a team.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Well again there are two key portions of the 12c database. One is the fact that it takes your existing applications and make them multi-tenant by virtue of running on the 12c version of the database. And the second is it takes your existing applications and stores the data in memory and compress along our format therefore sometimes increase your analytic performance by a factor of 100. So those are the two big drivers on our 12c database but as you know it takes people a while to adopt these features. But I think you're going to see the database business, option business accelerate through the remainder of this fiscal year and will continue on through the next fiscal year. So I think we are going to get strong results for the rest of this fiscal year and again it will continue on for at least another 12 months after that.
Lawrence J. Ellison: I'd say slightly ahead of where we normally expected to be. Now we were optimistic about these two features. So we thought the adoption rates would be faster than historically we've experienced with new versions of the database and that's exactly what's happening. But again the geometric progression, it's happening sooner but the big numbers are still one, two quarters away.
Lawrence J. Ellison: So you're going to have to wait a little while longer before you get me off the call. I apologize to everyone for that.
Lawrence J. Ellison: On hardware by the way to Safra's point, applications support revenue growth just for that -- add that in. Just so you make sure everybody is clear who has an opinion on that. In hardware we had tape decline we had SAM decline, we have a new SAM release that will come out shortly Open World. We grew in what we think of as ZFS. So our NAS storage grew; engineered systems I mentioned grew double-digits.  Now while I say SPARC declined within engineered systems, the SPARC super cluster actually had very strong growth. So we had strong growth in engineered or we had double-digit growth in engineered systems, strong growth within that was SPARC super cluster, ZFS, NAS storage growth, tape decline, SPARC declined, that's hardware. 
Lawrence J. Ellison: By the way Kash I should have taken the time to [inaudible] to our European team, Safra did that but I'll do it as well. In Core Tech in Europe we grew double-digits. So just to give you a context of the kind of performance we saw in Europe, it's truly outstanding. 
Lawrence J. Ellison: Again the way I look at is we are going to be doing more for our customers, exactly what Safra said earlier, we are going to be doing more for our customers than we did before. So before we use to sell them software and they would have to provide their own datacenters and their own machines and their own labor and their own network to run all of that.  And now we are going to put a lot of that in our datacenter, we are going to buy the machines, we are going to provide both the skilled labor, whether you are buying the infrastructure-as-a-service, we will be maintaining the operating system and the virtual machine for you along with the hardware and storage, processing and storage. If you buy platform we we'll also be maintaining the Oracle database and Java, the world’s most popular programming language and the world’s most popular database at our platform. We're going to be doing more for you. And as we do more for you, you are going to pay us more but the customer is going to spend less so, it’s a win-win.  We get economies of scale, we get specialization of labor, we are very good at running Oracle databases, we are very good at managing Java virtual machines. We are pretty good at running datacenters and we are great at running all of these applications. Then that’s the third level, if you buy our ERP and our planning application then again we are doing -- we are your datacenter, we are your hardware company, we are your networking company, we are your storage company, we are all of those things.  So the promise is for Oracle to be a much larger and much more profitable and much more critical supplier to our customers, a much more strategic supplier to our customers, especially when we go to the next level of application which are the vertical applications which -- where we, in financial services for banks, for telecom companies, for retailers, for hotels and restaurant chains, all of those things. It gives us an opportunity to give them a complete solution which is strategic to their business and has much higher value then selling technology components which what the industry has been doing historically. So we see this as a huge opportunity for Oracle Corporation to grow and expand our relevance into the next generation of computing. There our business will be more profitable and we think we have all the assets to do that. I mean it’s very interesting that in ERP we overnight over one quarter sold more ERP systems in the cloud than Workday has done in the life of their company.  We have a lot of assets. One of the things we lead with ERP is budgeting and planning EPM in the cloud. Workday's answer to that is we don't have one of those. None of our competitors have one of those in the cloud. SAP, as far as I know, isn’t moving anything to the Cloud other than Ariba and SuccessFactors, by the way which I am [not] going to point out run on Oracle, both of them run on Oracle, not HANA, run on Oracle.  So Oracle is one of most the popular database in the cloud. So every generation of computing, computing gets bigger. And this is our chance to get bigger to become more important. If we execute well and when Mark says he wants to stay close to the action, and when Safra says you got a laser light focus on two things, being number one in the cloud and delivering record levels of cash flow.  We are all focused on this unbelievable opportunity to be the one big company, the one big company with all the resources to make this transition to the cloud and become the leader in that next generation computing. It's an opportunity we are all focused on and we are not going to miss it.
Mark Hurd: Yeah, listen before we take questions I thought I'd just give you seven or eight facts about our Cloud business in the core. First, bookings grew 54%, 3x last year’s growth rate. Fusion bookings, ERP, HCM and SFA all grew triple digits. Two, revenue grew 32% USD, 2x last year’s growth rate. Three, we got 500 new Cloud customers in the quarter. Four, 170 of them were HCM customers. Based on what I heard Workday report they got something like 25. We got 60 Fusion HCM new customers in the quarter. Four, in CX, we had 290 new customers, 90 Fusion SFA and almost 200 marketing new customers in the quarter. Five, ERP we added 90 new customers in Fusion ERP and a like number in our EPM cloud. And all I am taking about now is ERP cloud and EPM cloud.  Fusion overall had triple digit bookings growth, triple digit revenue growth. We added nearly 200 net new Fusion customers and had many tens of go lives. And while the transition of the cloud is in the early stages we are already at a run rate of nearly $2 billion. A couple of comments on hardware; we declined in SPARC in this quarter while we grew engineered systems double-digits. As Safra mentioned, engineered system now makes up a third of our hardware. While we're growing double digits our competitors are declining double digits. We shipped our 10,000th engineered system in Q1. Lifetime bookings in hardware alone for engineered systems now exceed $3 billion. Hardware support margins are now approaching 70% as a testimony to the change in our overall hardware mix and the stickiness of this business. With that I'll turn it over to you all for questions.
Mark Hurd: Well again I like Safra's quote, we're focused on two things, becoming number one in the cloud. That means growing our cloud business rapidly. So you're seeing an acceleration in our growth rate. We are forecasting that we grow our cloud, our SaaS and PaaS cloud business this coming quarter between 40% and 45%. So not only are we getting bigger in the cloud, our growth rate is going up. That's usually the opposite of what happens. So we are focused on becoming number one in the cloud being bigger than Salesforce in the cloud. And to do that we got to increase our growth rates and that's exactly what we're doing.  Now while we're doing that, we have one other key focus to continue to deliver record levels of cash flow and that's exactly what we're doing. So we're getting bigger in the cloud, our growth rate is increasing in the cloud. Our cash flow is getting better we think it was a great Q1 and it's going to get even better in terms of our growth rates in the cloud.  I thought you might mention in your question that the Chairman last quarter referenced a 50% bookings growth rate and we delivered 54%. And I'll make a ball prediction we'll do it again. And that's exactly what we need again when we say we want to be number one in the cloud we have to deliver growth rates in that 50% range, and that's what we're shooting at and that's what we think we can achieve and by the way that isn't even including our new database service that we've rolled out this fall.  So that's going to add a multiplier to our growth rate in the cloud. So we're getting triple digit growth rates, I mean almost, in our Fusion applications, our internally developed organically developed Fusion applications and now with the database in the cloud we think that's going to continue to amplify that growth rate and increase the size of our business and make us number one. So if we can do that, we could have number one in the cloud, execute this transition we'll become the leader in the cloud and deliver record level cash flow. We think we're doing a pretty good job. 
Mark Hurd: Yeah, so I mean first my prediction there of 50% to Larry's point was a SaaS prediction as opposed to an overall cloud prediction which frankly could be higher. On apps in the quarter, we grew apps in the quarter on premise. We had double-digit growth in North America on apps. So we had good growth on apps, license, plus what we did in SaaS. So it was a really strong overall apps ecosystem quarter.  Let me add that I believe this number is correct. We added more ERP customers in the cloud. This past quarter than Workday has had in the life of their company. So how about that? So we are feeling really good about our ability to become the leader in ERP, we are the leader in mid-market and high end ERP in cloud, increase our leadership in marketing and defeated Workday in their core HCM business.  So I think that context is what you're looking for. We had a strong ERP license quarter in North America. We had a really strong SaaS ERP number in North America and to Larry's point if everything we've heard Workday talk about with their customers we got more in the quarter than they have in the lifetime of their company.
Mark Hurd: I'll take the first part, but I'd say on tech overall, I think tech overall was fine with the exception of one region which was North America. So if you looked at all the numbers Safra gave you I think good clarity on our options business which was strong even in North America but Core Tech, North America was weak virtually around the rest of the world that was fine. So we had good performance roughly what we expected in the quarter in what I would call Core Tech.  As far as the adoption rate, we're seeing in-memory and multi-tenant it's actually being adopted at a faster rate than RAC. And I think RAC is a good comparison because RAC is absolutely a strategic feature for transaction processing where in-memory is a strategic feature for [inaudible]. And it's just that RAC actually takes -- is a little more difficult to implement. So I would say the adoption was therefore somewhat impacted from customers trying it out and getting used to it and getting people trained and then they would -- it would pan out on a few critical -- mission critical applications.  In-memory, it doesn't require a lot of training, as it literally is kind of push a button and it runs a lot faster. Therefore we're seeing somewhat of a faster adoption rate and I think you will see that in the next -- over the next several quarters. So should be at least as big as RAC and grow slight -- and have a slightly faster adoption rate.  
Mark Hurd: Let me add my voice to that as our Russian business kind of headed towards zero and they have all these other problems that you read about in the newspaper or on the web. And they still managed -- Loïc still managed to do a brilliant job over there and his team continues to execute very, very well in what we call difficult circumstances. So we are thrilled about the work he is doing for us.
Mark Hurd: And Karl I don't want to be short but it’s just not in order -- and we were pretty [flat] in terms of the way we run the place and we want to keep it that way. So I want to stay closer to the action not get further away from the action. So to be direct the answer is no but I want to make sure you heard the rest of that.
Safra A. Catz: Yes, database options actually was in double digits and it is exactly as Larry said it is accelerating, it has accelerated. It is actually double more than double. So doing very, very well and in-memory is one of those options.
Safra A. Catz: So let me take deferred revenue because I always get that question when it goes down and so I am going to take it when it goes up also. It's the same answer, I know that's really [though] but the reality is that deferred revenue is almost entirely, but not entirely but almost entirely impacted by support which as I mentioned remains extremely strong. Q1 as always an extremely -- it's seasonal it's everything I've ever told you in every one of the calls it's very, very strong.  Yes some of it is SaaS but really the bulk of it and the growth in the business remains very, very strong, renewals remain very, very strong. And as a result deferred revenue remains strong and growing. So it's a dominated because of the size of the business by the growth of increased support.
Safra A. Catz: Yeah, and Karl I just want to make sure we are very, very clear. There will actually be no changes, no significant changes right, just want to clarify, no changes whatsoever.
