Mark Hurd: Okay. Thanks, Larry. Just a few more numbers and we’ll take your questions. Cloud bookings over $600 million in USD, 52% growth for us in CD. As a reminder, last year we grew more than 200%, so for this comparison is or this number is against that comparison. In SaaS, roughly $350 million in USD bookings, in PaaS, over $250 million. Just one point of clarification, our ARR bookings are only for new and expansion. So I’ve had some questions about do we include renewals in our bookings? We do not. Renewals are a separate bucket of bookings kept separate in our reporting. As it relates to renewals in the quarter, our renewals for the quarter were up 200 basis points year-over-year. SaaS/PaaS revenue we grew 67%. We grew 17% quarter-on-quarter. ERP/EPM was 58% growth quarter-over-quarter. In HCM, we had our strongest growth rate in three years. That says our business has gotten bigger. In CX, all sales, marketing and service revenue growth rates were up double-digits. In data as a service, we nearly doubled year-over-year. Platform as a service had another break-out quarter. We nearly doubled quarter-on-quarter. Within doubling quarter-on-quarter, our database as a service business more than doubled quarter-on-quarter. Our SaaS/PaaS billings grew 48% in FY 2016. Our SaaS/PaaS deferred revenue grew 64%. To Safra’s point and I want to say it again grew much faster than Salesforce.com and Workday. Now, I want to come to another set of numbers that are actually probably more exciting, our customer metrics. In the quarter, we closed 1,640 new SaaS customers. Nearly, two-thirds were Fusion wins. We had 917 customer expansions that is an all-time high for us. 273 customers, who bought SaaS also bought PaaS. I want to make sure you understand that connect point. We think that connection will actually grow higher as time goes on. Our SaaS installed base is now roughly 12,000 customers. In the quarter, we had – almost 700 CX customers in 600 expansions. In HCM, 318 new customers, 900 for the year, nearly 2.5 times that’s what Workday reported. In ERP, we had 808 new customers in the quarter. I just want to make sure, I didn’t misspeak, it’s 808 new customers in the quarter. We doubled the FY 2016 count in Q4. Almost 50% of those customers never had an Oracle path. Our installed base is now over 2,500 customers, nearly 2.5 times the installed base from last year. We have 1,577 customers now live on Fusion. We added nearly a 1,000 go-live this year. In PaaS, we added 2,005 new PaaS customers. Our installed base is now nearly 9,000 customers. In closing, this was a big year for us, not only in revenue, but bookings as well, where we sold more than $1.4 billion in ARR. I’m going to make just a couple predictions for the New Year. We had a big year in bookings in FY 2016. We will have a bigger year in FY 2017. Our pipeline is actually today up more than our bookings in our revenue reported growth rates. Revenue growth of 52% this year, our growth rate will be higher than 65% in FY 2017. And as Larry and Safra both mentioned, as our business gets bigger, we continue to grow faster. So with that, we’ll take whatever questions that you might have.
Mark Hurd: So, Mark, I’ll start and then I think Larry is going to chip in. No question about that total available market expense because obviously when we win – just like in SaaS, if we win in SaaS, we actually get all of the middleware, all of the database, all of the hardware, we get really all of the services, so we get this multiple support that when we get an application, the whole stack comes with us. The same thing in effect occurs when we get database as a service as well, with it comes all of the other services that come with it as well. In addition, we get to expand our TAM to a whole new set of customers that otherwise we would never have gotten too. We get now to a whole set of mid-market customers that frankly we just didn’t have an opportunity to sell-through before, because you had to have a datacenter, you had to have a computer, and you had to have a staff, and so now all of that TAM is expanded as well. So with a broader market set we get to and a whole set of market share that comes with it. The other thing is the network effect between SaaS, PaaS and Infrastructure as a Service. So if you have, let’s say, your ERP application and it’s an Oracle ERP application then you want to build a bunch of data warehousing applications on top of the data from your ERP system, in a sense it’s perfectly reasonable to have the ERP system at Oracle and I’ll put the data warehousing situation that Microsoft assure. But if you actually look at the pricing of cloud pricing that one part of cloud that’s expensive is moving data out of data center, that’s one thing they charge you a lot of money for it, and that’s the kind of industry pricing the way it works. So moving data between data centers back and forth, back and forth between our data centers can be quite expensive. So there’s an advantage for our built in products. If we have the ERP data and we have the ERP system, we have a built in advantage by offering our PaaS and our infrastructure as a service as a set of tools to allow you to build your data warehouses in your data marks using that ERP data. So I think that gives us a very significant advantage to us, the interaction between SaaS and PaaS and the interaction between PaaS and infrastructure as a service. I’ll go back to infrastructure as a service. Well, why should they – why shouldn’t it just move to Amazon. I mean, Amazon has been doing this for a while and they’ve got infrastructure as a service. Well, because we handled the Oracle database much better than Amazon does, we can run very large Oracle databases. We run [at full power that way] [ph]. We just do a better job. I mean, this is not the place for me to give you a technical proof, but we do a better job than they do on the Oracle, they run Oracle databases, but we do a much better job. We run it faster, more reliable and more securely. Well, if I’ve got the database in an Oracle – an Oracle data center in the Oracle cloud, it makes sense for me to put the application at a computer right next to that, that’s higher performance, much lower cost, because I’m not moving all those data in and out of an Amazon data center and in and out of an Oracle data center. Those things are going to be tend to be co-located. So we think we have some built in advantages being a strong player in SaaS and a strong player in PaaS and making it very – all of the customers who want to get their infrastructure as a service or their related infrastructure as a service from the same cloud supplier in the same data center.
Mark Hurd: I’d like to comment something in terms of margins. Our generation two of our data center, okay, what was wrong with generation 1, no one asked. Generation one was more expensive than we liked it. One of the great things about our Gen 2 data center is, we think we now have the best bang for the buck, the best class performance data centers in the world with our Gen 2 data centers. We think we, again, we deliver more performance and cost of any cloud provider, we think that’s another huge advantage for us. And we’ll be scaling our business on this new very, very cost effective most modern of all the cloud networks that’s going to help our margins enormously.
Mark Hurd: Sure. First, there’s no one reason why we beat the revenue. It’s a magnet, it’s all of the reasons. I mean, first starts with, we booked more than we planned sort of point one and we not only booked more, we booked more faster than we thought. So it would improve our linearity as we – our team has done a great job in cloud from a provisioning perspective. Provisioning meaning, we then sell more – we sell more faster and then we actually get the customer up and running and live and that has another effect done on revenue linearity. In addition, as I mentioned, our renewals were 200 basis points over prior year and not to say, it was better than we expected, but it was good, it was solid and that helped as well. Then we also had more usage on our platform. And so we’ve had this continued sort of not linear, but geometric increase in the usage of our PaaS platform. So those that are not on subscription, but on here just use more. And so when you sort of add up all of those things and no one thing was 80% of its cash, it was really all of those things together added up to the beat that you referenced. Your second question was the relative growth rates to various businesses. I’ll start with there’s sort of all good. It would be the way I would describe it, and the question becomes degree of good. I gave you a number specifically on ERP in terms of growth rate, and that number, I think, I gave it to your quarter-on-quarter in terms of growth rate. Do you know, what I’ll do? As we get towards financial analyst day, I’ll do more of a break-out pillar by pillar, but they’re just all – I mean, our performance in marketing, our performance in HCM. In the HCM, I can’t help myself here. On HCM, the performance of our team on HCM was just superb, and I mean that’s a global statement Kash. I mean, if we went back to the days of four or five year ago, it’s just amazing, totally what our product team has done, our ability to release new product, our ability to get it to market, the references we’ve gotten, I mean, we get almost 1,000 new HCM customers this year. 2.5 times the guide we were talking about three or four year ago. I mean it’s just – it’s still – it’s just – it was just a superb quarter for us by pillar. And I think to be honest with you, Kash, I think based on what I told you in my prepared remarks on the pipeline, I think it’s going to get better.
Mark Hurd: As you know, R2, a lot of people don’t migrate to the DOT1 releases of our DOT1 – DOT1 releases of our database. They wait for the DOT2 release. So that it is completely stable. We have two key features in version 12 of our database. One is in memory, the other is multi-tenancy, both of those are in high demand. I think it’s made in version 12 of our database, one of the most rapidly adopted versions in many, many years. The question is what will that adoption look like? I think, you’ll see early adoption in the cloud. I think, cloud is going to lead the adoption. So we now have hybrid customer. Typical customer might have said, okay, I’d like to experimenting with release 12 and I’m going to put it on these product development computers over here. Well, we’re encouraging our customers to look an alternative. Why don’t you just use the latest version in the cloud, and why don’t you do your experimentation and your testing and your application migration to – and your upgrades in the cloud. It’s going to save you some money, and allow you to get access even faster. And we think that what’s going to happen. We’re also offering a version of our cloud hardware, our hardware configurations that it’s while – because it’s for statutory reasons on a bank and for statutory reasons, I really have a hard time moving this application into cloud, no problem. We’ll take our existing cloud or cloud hardware, the exact same configuration, we will move it behind your firewall, and we’ll let you – and we’ll completely manage it for you behind your firewall. You’ll buy it just like it’s cloud, in other words, you won’t buy the hardware. There will no upfront cost for the hardware. There’s no upfront cost for the software. It will look exactly like the Oracle Cloud. It’s just the boxes will happen to be sitting on your data center floor behind your firewall. So we’re getting people more options to go to the cloud, making it easier for them to go to the cloud, because when our customers go to cloud, which is what we want them to do, and we want them to go earlier and we – and other opportunity to get them to move to the cloud as – with accelerated adoption of 12 DOT2 of our database. That’s how we would like them to consume it. If they go to the cloud, they save money and it’s easier for them and we make more money and it’s better for us. So that’s will be pushing our people. So, again, we’re incented and the customer is incented to get to the cloud as quickly as we can. How fast can we make that happen? We made it happen pretty fast in Q4, and we’re going to keep pushing this fiscal year.
Mark Hurd: Sure. There – really is no change to the “structure” when you throw that in. So we are actually quite happy with our structure in that context. Now we’ve actually cleaned up a few things. So I’ve made some changes three or four years ago to, which group called on what and there were some things that we’ve done that are – I would describe them as de minimis in terms of changes, but who calls on what size of account et cetera. So there’s a little bit of that, but frankly not much else. We have made an investment, so as I know you know in what we call Oracle Direct. This is selling really a lot of inside sales with a little bit of outside sales that supplement it and we continue to raise the bar for those things. It is a lower cost of sales. It’s a much modern – more modern way of selling and these are primary vehicle into what you would think of as SMB. And we continued to expand their use, expand the amount of headcount, invest in tools, we talked last – I think last quarter about investment we made in Austin, the CapEx we spent to build out that very modern center. So think of more of that Phil, more people, more support for that team and they’re actually calling higher in terms of the size of accounts so they call, it very effective for us, more people. But when you look at our spending, our spending actually doesn’t go up nearly as much as the amount of resource that we get as part of those investments. In terms of the comp plan itself, there is no decrease in cloud comp. That’s just pure nonsense of anything. We believe we pay to all salespeople that would like to make money. You sell cloud at Oracle, you will make more money than anywhere else in the industry and that’s our model and that’s what we’ve done. In terms of On-Prem comp in just application, these are applications that are not our GBU applications. So think of them as our horizontal applications. We now do not retire quota for a license sale. We retire quota just on cloud. They do receive some “comp” in the context as it relates to a license sale. But Phil, to understand today in horizontal as licenses, the vast majority of all of our licenses are in ERP. And the vast majority of those are add-on seats within ERP, into our existing base more users. And then within that, we put a special team in place that actually focuses on handling that within our user base. So I understand there’s some noise about it, but I would describe this as a non-event.
Mark Hurd: By the way, I want to add – because I just can’t – I can’t help myself. But as of today, we have all of our sales people who have a territory, they have a comp plan, they have a boss and virtually all of our salespeople, since the end of the year, I want to make sure I say this, since the end of our fiscal year have today been trained on all of our newest offerings. So I have had this goal, Larry and I talked about this for years that we would get to the point that by the time we would start a year, instead of it taking forever. By the way, most companies take a quarter, four months, five months to get all this done. Our objective has been that sales people leave the fiscal year on May 31 that as soon as possible, they get out of the year, they have a quota, they have a comp plan, they have a boss, they have a territory and they’ve been trained on everything we’ve got. And I can tell you as we sit here today, that is almost entirely complete for the entire Oracle Corporation.
Mark Hurd: Okay. By region, I think our performance in Asia Pacific was superb. Now that comes from where we’ve been over the past couple of years, but I don’t know that I would describe that as a market phenomena, I’m just going to make my comments in the context of Oracle. I think our team in Asia, which we’ve recruited over the past 18 months did a superb job all through the year. I think it culminated in a very strong quarter. We saw very strong growth really across every line. I mean, license performance was quite strong. Both SaaS and PaaS growth rates were superb, so very positive on Asia. I feel the same way in Europe. I mean, there’s mixed economy over in Europe. We don’t actually talk about it much around here, because I think our performance in Europe has been consistent over the years. I think our performance was emblematic of that through the fiscal year and was good and solid in Q4. So I feel very good about it. I think that’s the way I would describe things outside the U.S. LAD. We continue to deal with all the issues in Brazil. I would say within the context of overall LAD relative to the market, because our team performed fantastic. Our movement of the cloud in LAD is perhaps as fast as anything we have across our company. So – and then you get to the U.S. and I think in applications our move to the U.S. was the quickest, the fastest, and shows up in the majority of these wins that I talked about are in the U.S. I mean, there’s some very exciting movements. Our business in applications in the U.S. is a cloud business, it is not a license business, it is a cloud business. North America Tech has been strong in terms of its PaaS bookings – platform bookings. And I would say I’d also like to throw in our GBUs. I have to mention the strength of their performance in cloud. The growth rate in our GBUs was superb, led by both our retail business, our hospitality business, and our health sciences GBU. They had a great win at Pfizer in the quarter and they have really kicked their competitor metadata pretty strong over the course of the year, and I’d like to probably give them the credit for that, they’ve done a great, great job. So maybe more data than you wanted, but that’s my view going across the globe.
Mark Hurd: To Safra’s point, our cost per seat or a sales rep is declining. So our cost of housing them are countless that we have to make these CapEx investments, but salary, bonus everything as we move with such into this modern selling effort. We have more people, but our cost per seat is actually declining.
Mark Hurd: Yes, Kirk, I just think it’s all of the stuff. I mean, I think listen, I mean, you can’t start with the fact that we have good products, and we have good products that’s a really big advantage. So that’s sort of point one. Point two, we’ve done a lot of training in our salespeople are frankly better and they come in* with good products. They now know a lot more about them and we have references, and when you have those sort of combinations, things go well for you. I think we’ve done a good job, putting our people set this point about the investments we’re making. We put our people in these new modern capabilities that are given them great tools now* go to market. Now let me say all this against the backdrop of – I think we’re actually going to get better of this. So I think when you look at our – you can’t look at them, I can. But when I look at our pipelines, I remember two years ago, I made the statements that I thought our ARR would be good a couple of year ago and lot of people said why?* And it is because our pipeline was up and I can see it mature to the pipeline. This pipeline we have now is the strongest best pipeline we’ve had. And I believe our conversion rate meaning the movement of that pipeline into actually booked orders will actually get better for the very reasons we’re* describing, so I’m – quite optimistic about it.
