Lawrence Ellison: Well again, we have a bunch of things the other guys don't have. We have applications. So – but I know you want to talk about this. Yes, you want to talk about infrastructure. We think of those as two separate businesses, but of course, they're not. I mean everyone who is running Oracle ERP is building data warehouses on top of their ERP data. They're mashing it up maybe with Salesforce data. They're doing all of these things. They're doing a combination of big application customers. Bank of America, for example, is doing a combination of running our apps and building bespoke apps around those. So this is a huge opportunity for us that are other infrastructure customers, other infrastructure providers don't have. We've often had the discussion, do we want to support 10 databases, or do we want to support 30 databases? And do we want to have every single service that let's say an Amazon has? And I think our view is we want to have some really good choices, but not every single choice on the menu. We want to have all of the popular databases, but not some of the obscure databases. So we are not going to try to feature match every single thing they do. We will, however, have development environments they don't have at all. So if you're building data warehouses on top of Fusion ERP or on top of Fusion HCM or on top of NetSuite, we have a whole set of tools that makes that easy for you over on the infrastructure side of our business. So we have some – we do – we have all the popular stuff around. I mean obviously, you have Kubernetes and the like. And we have Postgres and the popular databases. We have MySQL, but our version of MySQL is much better than Amazon's version of MySQL. It's much faster. I mean more than 10x faster because of HeatWave. We have this Query Optimizer, they don't have at all. So our idea is to look at the most popular products to have recommended development environments and recommended systems, and be able to do things they can't do at all. I think one other – let me mention one of these fundamental differences in our strategy versus their strategy. They are building a small number of very, very large data centers. Our strategy is to build a large number of smaller, less expensive data centers. We think that improves reliability dramatically. We don't have this giant data center going down. It reduces the blast radius of what happens when things go down. Less goes down. It allows us to go into sovereign nations in some smaller countries that they can't – never afford to put a data center in. And we could not put one, but two, a primary and a backup data center in sovereign countries that care about data sovereignty. We can put a complete cloud. I don't mean just database cloud. I mean a complete cloud at a customer like NRI in Japan. And we did that with that – we put in a primary and a backup. So we can – if people want to run a cloud, if a large financial institution wants to run our cloud inside their firewall, inside their data center, we can do that. And how will that cloud differ from the cloud that we run in the public? It won't differ at all. We can make that small enough, that we can fit it into their data center. Nobody else can do this. So we think – and then let me close with a note that I'm going to paraphrase from a very large telecommunications company who uses our cloud and all the other three North American clouds, Google, Amazon and Microsoft. And the note basically said, the one thing we've noticed about Oracle, Oracle’s Cloud is that it never ever goes down. We can't say that about any of the other clouds. We think this is a critical differentiator availability. Another critical differentiator is security, where we have – where the only way you can achieve security, I promise you this is true, is through autonomy. If you have human beings deploying and tinkering with your systems, they can make mistakes that expose your data. The only way we've been able to solve that problem is to get human beings out of the equation. No human beings, no human error, no human malice. So we think we have a bunch of differentiators. And we'll be able to compete very, very effectively with security, reliability, combination of apps and infrastructure autonomy and a bunch of other things the other guys just will not be able to do.
Lawrence Ellison: Yes, thank you very much. I think we spend a lot of time in automating our install. Installing the product, making it very easy to configure, having – I think our consulting infrastructure, the implementers around our products now are much more experienced. The products have gotten much better. The people have got more experienced. The customers themselves have gotten more experienced. So the cost of putting one of these things in has dropped precipitously. The time it takes to put it in, obviously related to the cost has also dropped precipitously. There's just no comparison to the way it used to be to the way it is now. Well, the way it used to be a customer bought his own unique computer configuration and added some modifications to the ERP system and installed it over a period of – I mean, it wasn't unusual back in the day for an SAP implementation to take five to seven years. I know it sounds crazy, but some of them cost billions, billions of dollars. Now for a medium-sized company, six months is not unreasonable to get you live on – maybe not your entire business, but financials and procurement and a big chunk of your business, we can get live very, very quickly at a very, very low cost. So it's just a totally different world. And then the other thing I'm going to mention one more time. Customers are not encouraged to go ahead and build their own extensions. If you need an extension, tell us what you need, and maybe we can schedule it in the next quarter or two in the upcoming releases. That's a fundamentally different model. It's so much less expensive to have us do it for nothing, than to try to do it yourself.
Lawrence Ellison: Yes, I'll take a crack at that one. Well, everyone says we’re late to the party. So we saw what everyone else built. In fact, we built two versions of our cloud, right? We built Version 1, which we weren't very happy with and then we built our Gen 2 cloud. And one of the things that we decided, as we had a chance to re-architect it, we were sensitive to – we needed special super high security zones for government. We need to build a lot of data centers. And the magic to building a lot of data centers is twofold. One is compressing the software to a smallish number of servers. But that's really not it. It's really the art of being able to operate a lot of smaller data centers without people or with very few people. Think about what Elon Musk did with his satellite system. Why was he able to build a low earth orbiting satellite system, and nobody else? And a lot of other people have tried, but no one else could. Because he figured it out – he built the software to manage thousands of satellites. No one else could do it. NASA couldn't do it. Other people couldn't do it. That's why they kind of failed in the past. Our automation software for rolling out and managing a large number of data centers is very different software that you would build for managing a small number of super large data center where you had a lot of people. So we've relied much more heavily on automation to do this. And Safra knows all about it because it wasn't easy. It took us a while. And we were worried a bit and we've made a bunch of commitments. And the only way we can meet all those commitments was to have fully automated lights-out data center, cloud data centers. And we – the team did a fantastic job prioritizing that automation. And that automation software is what allows us to have a large number of data centers rather than a small number of large data centers. It's just a different – it's a different suite of software to do it, to manage it.
Lawrence Ellison: Yes, a lot of people talk about – they talk about – I think its hilarious. I hear people talk about hybrid cloud. So a hybrid cloud means there's someone's public cloud. And then whatever you have in your data center is the hybrid. This is ridiculous. That's not a cloud. People say, well, that's the most common cloud there is, whatever you got plus some link to a public cloud. That is not a hybrid cloud. We offer identical hardware, the identical automation software. We'll put a region. It runs all of our apps, it runs all of our services, 100% of them. And we'll put it in your data center. We can do that now because we can run that – we have the automation software to run that on your floor behind your firewall. We can build that. So it's true. So our notion of a hybrid cloud is basically the same thing, but it's located on your data center floor behind your firewall with high-speed network interconnects where you're comfortable and feel safe, safer than if you were in the public cloud. That's the only hybridy thing about it. Otherwise, it's exactly the same thing. You can move a workload from a public cloud into your private region and then back out of your private region back in the public cloud. They are identical in every way except for the security protection and some firewalls in your private data center. That's a real hybrid cloud. The other guys don't have it.
Lawrence Ellison: By the way, I'm really glad you said that. That's what it is. I mean think about it. I mean Marc Benioff over at Salesforce.com, they run their business, their cloud business entirely on Oracle. Now people say, well, that's not cloud revenue. You just license that revenue. Well, it's the Oracle database running all of Salesforce's cloud. And we don't count – and you're right, we don't count that as cloud revenue. We count that as license revenue. But is that a modern cloud application? I think so. But again, the license stuff is being driven by the use of our database in some very large clouds.
Lawrence Ellison: Yes. And I would say that as SAP moves their applications to S/4HANA in the cloud and they do what I call hosting and they call cloud. The vast majority of those SAP databases do not run HANA. Way over 95% of them still run Oracle. It's a big business for us, even when it migrates to the cloud. I mean Amazon has customers who have taken their Oracle database licenses, and they're running those Oracle database licenses in the cloud. So license does not mean on-premise, and license does not mean the cloud. It's a bit of a – it's a mixed bag, right? Some of that license revenue and most of the new license revenue is on its way to the cloud.
Safra Catz: Brad, you're not going to believe this, I've got more to add to that answer. So first of all, you missed a few data centers, not the least of which is Israel, France and another one in Italy. But the real answer is the fact that I'm sure you've seen Gartner's scorecard where we actually passed Google this year and are higher than where Microsoft, who's been in this longer than us, was a year ago. But in addition, that scorecard doesn't even measure the capabilities we have in handling very large databases which, of course, we do uniquely of all the other hyperscalers. So it's all very interesting, but we have things in addition to applications in the infrastructure world that they cannot handle. And that has just put us in an incredible position, and that's why customers are coming to us. All right, I will stop right there.
Safra Catz: I guess I'll take that. I'll get started with that. Well, first of all, the public database data centers are the ones that we announced that are up and running. Of course, we have many in the offing. We also have, as Larry talked about, a private region for certain customers. But in addition, we've made very significant investment in government, especially United States government-focused data centers. And I'm sure you've seen that we've been invited to submit for the JWCC. We also have data centers at different levels of security for different government requirements in other countries. And those, we don't generally announce, so you don't see those. What you do see is the fact that we have invested ahead of revenue and we invest when we see revenue potential. We have been rolling out on track. So we feel very good about it. We have just continued to make sure we have capacity for customers. And some customers start in one data center, and when we open in their countries, they move to those. And that's working out for us. We have a lot of demand worldwide where you're going to see us make these investments, as I've guided for the whole year.
Safra Catz: Larry, I want to comment also on the private data centers that are truly a full cloud, but at customers. So that's just...
Safra Catz: Larry, it's either you or me. We're going to talk about data. I mean listen, this is not new news in that what is going on is getting insights from data, being able to capture large amounts of data, and analyzing it. And of course, that's coming and so much of it is in Oracle. We're the ones who can handle high performance, high reliability requirements. And the Oracle database continues to grow. But in addition, we have the other technologies that are also doing very well. Java continues to be incredibly strong, and it's leading application development environment. But remember, when people buy the Oracle database licenses, they can bring those to our cloud, and that's a very economical way to operate. And really, what's going on is huge amounts of data growing exponentially. And when it's important data, especially data you want to use for analysis, for data warehousing, for transactions, you're going to pick Oracle in nine times out of 10. And so this is great for us. And of course, as more businesses just digitize, this just draws more of our technology.
