Ken Bond: Thank you, Krista. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's third quarter fiscal year 2024 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our investor relations website. Additionally, a list of many customers who purchased Oracle Cloud Services or went live on Oracle Cloud recently will be available from our Investor Relations website. On the call today, our Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and Chief Executive Officer, Safra Catz. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates, or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will provide some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and we encourage you to review our most recent reports including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks, which may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra.
Ken Bond: Thank you. Thank you, Larry. Sorry about that. Krista, if you could please poll the audience for questions and if we can proceed from there? Thank you.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Brad. A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours on our Investor Relations website. Thank you for joining us today. And with that, I'll turn the call back to Krista for closing.
Larry Ellison: Thank you, Safra. Well, Oracle signed another big Generation 2 cloud infrastructure contract with NVIDIA in Q3. Oracle's Gen2 AI infrastructure business is booming. That's become pretty clear to everybody. But in addition to selling infrastructure for training AI large language models, Oracle is also completely re-engineering its industry-specific applications to take full advantage of generative Artificial Intelligence. The best example of this is in Healthcare where Oracle did not just add a bit of AI around the edges of the existing applications. Instead, we developed completely new applications using our Apex Application Generator and our Autonomous Database. These all new applications use generative AI throughout the application. The best example is in Healthcare where our new Ambulatory Clinic System is being delivered to customers this Q4. This completely new application features a voice interface called the Clinical Digital Assistant. The Clinical Digital Assistant listens to a doctor's consultations with a patient and automatically generates prescriptions, Doctor's orders, doctor's notes, then automatically updates the patient's electronic health records. The Clinical Digital Assistant's voice interface makes our new healthcare systems dramatically easier to use and saves hours of doctors precious time every day which now can be spent with patients rather than typing into a computer. The delivery of our new AI-centric healthcare cloud applications, including the Ambulatory Clinic System, the Clinical Digital Assistant, and the Health Data Intelligence System will enable the rapid modernization of our customers' healthcare systems and transform Oracle Health and Cerner into a high-growth business for years to come. Ken, back to you.
Larry Ellison: Okay, let me add that Oracle has been building data centers at a record level and a lot of people I think are aware that we can build fairly small data centers to get started when we want to. But the unique thing about Oracle's data centers, they're all identical except for scale. We did not have custom data center. They all have all the Oracle services. They are all complete. One of the things that's unusual about them, they are all completely automated. They come up on their own and they kind of run their selves. I mean, look, we do have a bunch of people working on these data centers but they are extremely highly automated. Our operating system is Autonomous Linux. Our database is the Oracle Autonomous Database. Our new HeatWave database, Microsoft - MySQL HeatWave, it's highly automated. And therefore, we can build every time we build a data center, it's like the data center we've built before except for one thing, scale. We can go very small. We can get a full cloud data center with all the services in [10 racks]. But this is what I want to point out. We're also building the largest data centers in the world that we know of. We're building an AI data center in the United States where you could park eight Boeing 747s nose-to-tail in that one data center. So, we are building large numbers of data centers, and we were - and some of those data centers are smallish, but some of those data centers are the largest AI data centers in the world. So, we're bringing on enormous amounts of capacity over the next 24 months because the demand is so high, we need to do that to satisfy our existing set of customers. To give you an idea. One more thing, in terms of data centers we're building 20 data centers from Microsoft and Azure. They just ordered three more data centers this quarter. They're adding to that already. And there are other multi-cloud agreements that are being signed. There are multicloud - a number of multicloud agreements in Japan where computer manufacturers in Japan are adopting our cloud and will be reselling our cloud as partners. And we think NRI is already doing that, but there a number of other companies that are going to be doing that. So that's something we're seeing over demand for data centers or people who want to buy Alloy and then resell our cloud services with their proprietary cloud services on top of it. We're seeing that. So some of our largest customers all over the world want their own Oracle region. They don't want to share a public cloud, they want a cloud region dedicated or actually multiple cloud regions dedicated to that bank or that technology company or that telecom company. So they are building their own data centers which are - those are Oracle cloud data centers, they are that - yes, they're all identical. So we're able to automate and run those with not a lot of additional labor costs. It's a huge advantage for us.
Larry Ellison: John, my last comment will be - would be the growth in RPO is what's to come. And RPO is obviously growing faster than revenue because we can't meet the demand. That's the measure of demand, the $80 billion RPO is quite a - an acceleration of demand. So demand is not slowing down, it's actually increasing quite a bit.
Larry Ellison: Well, two things. One is we save a huge amount of money moving them into our standard data center. Our OCI costs are much lower than the cost of the Cerner dedicated data center in Kansas City. Also, the big thing that we're excited about is OCI is highly secure, it's got a highly secure perimeter and therefore those applications are much less vulnerable to ransomware or other kinds of attacks than if they were in a different kind of data center. So we're very happy that these are now secured. The third thing is now that they're in our cloud, we're able to update those applications on our regular three months cadence. So, we're able to modernize those customers that are in the cloud on a regular basis and start delivering our brand new applications that completely rewritten Cerner application. First for ambulatory clinics and then eventually for acute-care hospitals. But ambulatory clinics system is coming out this quarter and we're able to automatically deliver that system to existing customers. It's not a reimplementation. It is literally an update to what they've already got running on the Oracle Cloud. Even though it's an all-new application, I'm not going to see much technical detail, but it uses the same underlying data schema. So, we literally can bring up the new application without the customer having to go through any implementation process. We can do it just as an update, like when we ship a new version of Fusion to an existing Fusion customer. We can now ship a new version of - an all-new version of the Cerner application to a Cerner customer in OCI. So it allows us to modernize their infrastructure very, very rapidly, deliver the Voice - Clinical Digital Assistant, make the system easier to use, save doctor's time, deliver a lot more value put it in the diagnostic imaging systems that help data intelligence system, deliver all of that automatically on a regular three-months cadence. So, it allows us to modernize the Cerner base very, very quickly while keeping them safe from ransomware.
Larry Ellison: And as Safra says, we have - so, as Safra says, we have a great relationship with NVIDIA. They're a customer of ours as well as us being a customer of theirs and we work very closely together. So, that's going pretty well. Building these let them is the scale of some of these data centers is breathtaking. Again the one we're building in Salt Lake. Again, you can park 8747s nose-to-tail. We can give you a video of this thing under construction, but it's hard, I mean, it's breathtaking. So, there is a tremendous amount of demand, the data centers take longer to build, and we would like that said, we are getting very good at building them quickly and getting the building the power and the communication links in, we're doing faster than we have ever happened in the past. And the thing is once we deliver the hardware, the hardware comes up very, very quickly because the process of bringing up the hardware is now automated. It's very different than it used to be. So, we're able to bring additional capacity online very quickly if we have that the electric power and the communication lines. So, is the long pole in the tent is actually building the structure, connecting the electricity, connecting the communication lines.
Larry Ellison: Well, I think it is the key to unlocking a stronger adoption cycle for a - moving Oracle in general to the cloud in general and specifically the migration to Autonomous Database. Oracle, we expect the multicloud initiatives to continue to expand. We're seeing it expand in Japan, but we expected to expand amongst other hyperscalers to adopt a similar multi-cloud approach where we built and we built OCI regions inside of the coexisting with their existing cloud infrastructure. We think the world - the era of walled gardens is coming to an end where it used to be okay, I'm going to move all my stuff to AWS, trying to move all my stuff to Azure. What customers really want is the ability to use multiple clouds and for those multiple clouds to talk to one another. And I think - I mean in the era of the Internet and now cloud computing, it's really called Cloud Computing. It's not called a bunch of separate clouds. So we expect that multi-cloud to become the norm and Oracle to be available everywhere. And we - and that's what you said, we think that will preserve our franchise and database where we've been the number-one database in the IT ecosystem for a very long-time. We think that's going to preserve that franchise and expand it because the Autonomous Database is a unique piece of technology and there is nothing like it in the world, and maybe the most interesting thing, no one else is working on anything like that. No one else even trying to duplicate the Autonomous Database. So, we think it will be - it will become a very successful product in every cloud.
Larry Ellison: Well, I think Japan is maybe the most interesting market where we had early success with NRI. They run the Tokyo Stock Exchange. No - what NRI has is just is an Oracle - a couple of Oracle Cloud regions which they resell in the financial services community inside of Japan. And one of their applications is a major stock exchange, the Tokyo Stock Exchange. So, think about how many clouds run stock exchanges, that would be ours. It's got to be highly secure, it can never go down, it's going to have extremely high transaction rates, we can do that. And the success of NRI is caused other - the other computer companies in Japan to become very, very interested and also reselling our cloud with - and we also have the ability that they can add on some of their own technology to our cloud so, our cloud is open so you can plug-in other things to the cloud. So, imagine a big computer company in Japan adopting the Oracle Cloud, reselling Autonomous Database, reselling all of our technologies because all we --we only make one kind of cloud, they're all the same and they have all of the services. But then that company can add their own services to there for their customers. We think all of the cloud companies in Japan are going to adopt OCI. Plus a lot of big companies, the big car companies in Japan. We want around their own, the phone companies in Japan will want their own, the technology companies in Japan will want their own Oracle regions. And because they are sovereign because they are highly secure and because they are highly cost-effective, so we think this allows us to enter a variety of new markets. Pretty much every government is going to want a sovereign cloud and a dedicated region for that government for not only to - so we see a number of countries. It's funny, we talked about winning business with companies. For the first time, we're beginning to win business country - per countries for sovereign cloud where the national government and the state governments are moving to that Oracle OCI region. And of course, it's got to be at least two of them for redundancy and disaster recovery. So, we have a number of countries where we're negotiating sovereign regions with the national government. We see that time and time again, major companies, governments, computer suppliers reselling our Alloy Cloud. The demand for our cloud regions is extraordinarily high. I believe we will end up - well, this is a funny prediction, but okay, we'll end up with more data centers and cloud regions than all the other hyperscalers combined.
Larry Ellison: Yes. And let me just add one last thing. Microsoft does not compete for this business. AWS does not compete for this business. Google does not compete for this business. We're the only ones in this business.
Larry Ellison: All right. It is really, really - it is very interesting. And we've gone into the National Government and State Government applications in a very, very big way to give you an idea a little glimpse of what we're doing. Yes, because we can't deliver these cloud regions to medium-sized countries. So, for example, Serbia is standardizing on - or these Oracle Cloud regions for their National Government. We're automating their healthcare and people know that we're in the healthcare business. What they might not know is in cooperation with Starlink we're able to deliver an Internet service to - for the entire country. The rural part of the country, by the way, we can deliver the Internet and we have delivered the Internet. Let's say Kenya or Rwanda very inexpensively using Starlink and our sovereign cloud regions to backhaul the Internet traffic. So, you can bring every school in Serbia online the Internet connectivity even if they're rural doesn't matter. Every school, every hospital as is true of Rwanda, that's true of Kenya. We can do it very, very cost-effectively and one of the applications we have for agriculture, we actually do a national map of the country where we can show you each of the farms in the country, what they're growing - this farm is growing coffee, this farm is growing maze, this farm - what's part of the fields are getting enough nitrogen, which part of the fields are getting enough water? What corrective actions you need to take to increase your agricultural output? We're doing that again in concert with Elon Musk and SpaceX to do this kind of mapping to provide this AI-assisted and then these maps are AI-assisted help them plan their agricultural output and predict their agricultural output, predict markets, the logistics of the agricultural output during all of those things as next-generation national application. And it is one of the most exciting things we're doing, of course, we do procurement and accounting and human resources and recruiting for the government, we do all of those applications. But in some of the newer applications, regarding food security. Making sure all the schools are online. Rural growth schools are online. That rural hospitals are online. It's automating those rural hospitals. It's automating their vaccination program, their healthcare program across the board. These next-generation applications are very attractive. I'll tell you one other crazy thing that we do. It's another generative AI application. If you want to join the EU, it took Serbia eight years to harmonize their laws to be able to join the EU. Albania is facing the same thing. But with generative AI, we can read the entire corpus of the Albanian laws and actually harmonize their laws with the EU and probably more like 18-months to two years rather than the eight years it took Serbia. So, there are all sorts of interesting new AI applications out there that people you've probably never heard of before or at least I hadn't heard of before, until this last 12 months. Now that we've worked on and we're now in the process of delivering.
Safra Catz: Honestly, John, that is still to come. So, this is just pretty much our regular way business. That's what you're seeing. We have enormous amounts of demand. I tried to make that clear last quarter, and we have more capacity coming online. But we have tried to - we're trying to focus on much larger chunks of data center capacities and electricity and all of that and that's just - that all to come. This is really our regular way business and our customers just growing and a whole bunch of new customers, by the way. I think there are many, many customers who have come on and that haven't gotten capacity yet. We've got at least 40 new AI bookings that are over $1 billion that hasn't come online yet.
Safra Catz: So, for fiscal year '25, looking at about $10 billion in CapEx because it's also involves not only some big centers, but it also involves expansions of existing centers. So we've already got some areas that we will be filling out. So at least preliminarily, we're looking at $10 billion for next year. And then it's not too complicated to figure out the math here when I'm looking at somewhere between $7 billion and $7.5 billion for the full year and you've got all the numbers for one, two, and three at this point. And I would include for Q3 the one we just are announcing. I would add in the amount we haven't paid yet as the CapEx number for this quarter. Okay? And then I guess that would be and then Larry gets the second question. But anyway, so $2.1 billion for this quarter and you've got Q1 and Q2 and I'm going to be somewhere between $7 billion and $7.5 billion for the full year, which is actually a little bit lower than I thought. But we were able to do pretty well. You know-how we spend very carefully.
Safra Catz: The GPU we are good. We are actually very good in our GPU access and capability. So, building the computers and that it's much more making sure we've got the power on that.
Safra Catz: So, just to make sure you have all the numbers between Alloy and dedicated regions, we've got 13 lives. We've got 18 under-construction. And we've signed five new ones just this past quarter. So for us, it's - they're just - there's just a list we're going through and trying to get them all because they are such a unique capability and in such high demand.
