Larry Ellison: Thank you, Safra. The hardware and software in Oracle's Gen2 Cloud is fundamentally different than other hyperscalers' clouds. The CPUs and GPUs we rent to customers are interconnected using an ultra-high-performance RDMA network, plus a dedicated set of cloud-controlled computers that manage security and data privacy. Oracle's unique set of hardware and software building blocks enable our Gen2 Cloud to deliver much higher performance than any of our cloud competitors. And in the cloud, since you pay by the minute, if you run twice as fast, and we do, you pay half as much. What is especially interesting in today's world is that all of Oracle's cloud data centers have a high-bandwidth, low-latency RDMA network that is perfectly optimized for building the large-scale GPU clusters that are used to train generative large-language models. NVIDIA themselves are doing AI development in the Oracle Gen2 Cloud. And we are partnering with NVIDIA to build the world's largest high-performance computer, an AI computer, with 16,000 GPUs. The extreme high performance and related cost savings of running generative AI workloads in our Gen2 Cloud has made Oracle the number one choice among cutting-edge AI development companies, including Mosaic ML, Adept AI, Fouhear [Ph], Modal Labs, Character, HyperReal, SliceX, Vector Space Bio, Falconry, Respeacher, Altair, InfoWorld, 12 Labs, Layton Space, plus many, many others. In the aggregate, our generative AI cloud customers have recently signed contracts to purchase more than $2 billion of capacity in Oracle's Gen2 Cloud. One last thing. In partnership with Cohere Oracle is launching a generative AI cloud service for enterprise customers. This new service protects the privacy of our enterprise customers' training data, enabling those customers to safely use their own private data to train their own private specialized large language models. Oracle's application development teams were early adopters of this new AI cloud service. We used our own private data to improve and extend the training of existing Cohere large language models. This supplementary training resulted in two new specialized large language models, one for medical professionals and one for first responders. Specialized large language models will be instrumental in helping highly trained professionals use their precious time more efficiently. As I said, Cohere and Oracle are working together to make it very, very easy for enterprise customers to train their own specialized large language models while protecting the privacy of their training data. Over the next few years, lots of companies are going to train their own specialized large language models. Our partner, Cohere, is also using the Oracle Gen2 Cloud for training their own large language models. In health care alone, specialized large language models will speed the discovery of new life-saving drugs, improve the quality of patient care, and increase access to health care by lowering costs. A technology revolution is dawning. Back to you, Safra.
Larry Ellison: Well, I'm just going to be a little more specific, because Safra says, I said, if we run twice as fast, we cost twice as much. No, we cost half as much, half as much. We run twice as fast, we cost half as much. But sometimes we do run a lot more than twice as fast. And we cost a lot less than half as much. We announced a new database, a new version of MySQL with a fast query processor called HeatWave. And we have customers moving from Amazon Aurora, where they're experiencing 1,000 times speedup, versus Aurora, we're 1,000 times faster in query processing than Amazon's version of MySQL. It's an open source database that we added a fast query processor to. We're much, much cheaper. And that's one example. In a lot of cases, it's much more than two to one. We can build GPUs that other people can't build because we have a fast network. We use this very fast RDMA network, and we started with that. In our Gen2 cloud, we had nothing but our entire network was a super-fast network, which means most of the applications, most of the things you run in the Oracle cloud are going to be much faster than our competitors' clouds because they don't use that kind of network. So we have huge cost advantages, huge cost advantages across a broad portfolio of applications. Let me throw in one thing. It cost one-tenth, one-tenth to implement Fusion ERP versus SAP's new ERP system with HANA. So the cost of implementing our applications are dramatically lower than our competitors. So we have a lot of people moving from AWS to our cloud for infrastructure services, a lot of people continuing to move from SAP to Fusion. We're seeing that migration, and we're taking a lot of market share from our competitors. That's why we're doing better, and they're not doing quite as well.
Larry Ellison: Yes, absolutely. It's very hard to answer that question. A long time ago, I said the biggest difference between - the biggest strategic difference between Oracle's cloud and everyone else's cloud is actually not the RDMA network. That's a technical difference. The biggest strategic difference is that we do both that we use our infrastructure and build applications with it. So we learn a lot about how we can improve our infrastructure by building lots of applications, enterprise-scale applications, on top of our infrastructure. So we have this continuous feedback loop. We're building applications, obtaining insights, making improvements in our productivity. We have a new programming language. We have Java, and we love Java. We use it a lot for building applications. But we have this other low-code application development tool called APEX. And we're now building a lot of our applications in APEX. And our productivity gains are, again, a factor of 10. And we build the applications in one tenth the time, or one tenth the amount of people, or at one tenth the cost. But these are not typical low-code applications. These are applications that can scale to millions of users and all over the world. So most low-code applications are for small projects. We use them for applications we've rolled out globally. And we've made our underlying infrastructure, the APEX development environment, the underlying APEX database, which is the Oracle Autonomous Database, has made our application developers dramatically more productive. It's one of the reasons why we bought into the idea that we could rewrite a whole suite of medical applications in a very, very short period of time, that we could redo Cerner very, very quickly because of these underlying tools. Let me close with one last thing. Again, we use AI technology to make our database better. And it's an autonomous database. You don't need DBAs. It recovers itself. It updates itself. It adds more space. It really is a self-driving database. We've used AI technology to do that. We've used AI technology throughout our cloud, where our cloud is self-healing. We repair bugs while the cloud is running. We have an autonomous Linux operating system that's different than all of the other Linuxes. You can patch it online. It patches itself online. It repairs itself online. So again, by being in those two businesses, applications and underlying infrastructure, we again, use our infrastructure and make it better to make our applications better and we gain insights as what we need to do with our, what we need to add to our infrastructure to make the applications better. So, infrastructures make the applications better, applications make the infrastructure better. We're the only company with that continuous feedback loop and I think it gives us a huge competitive advantage in technology. It's why we have technologies that other people don't have.
Larry Ellison: Let me just add one example to Safra's comments, which I think are right on. But there's an interesting example. Everyone knows we compete with Workday in HCM or HR, whatever. When we bought Cerner, we decided that we were going to take our HCM system, our HR system, and specialize it, add features specifically for the healthcare industry. Now, it turns out managing a workforce in a hospital is very complex because the nurses might have private patients at home that they're seeing. They might work for two or three different hospitals. They might do some work in clinics as well. So, scheduling these people who have multiple jobs, doctors may have teaching assignments in universities. Obviously, they travel and they also have their own office hours. They may have a private practice in addition to working at the hospital. Scheduling these professionals is very, very tricky. Recruiting the professionals is very, very tricky. Paying them when you're working three days a week, one week, two days the next week, six days the following week, paying them can be very complex. So we have had a major effort in our HCM system, the Oracle Fusion HCM system, and adding all the features that hospitals need to manage their professional staff. Now, there's no way, there's no way we would have done that unless we had a focus in the healthcare industry. So we not only have all the Cerner healthcare apps for hospitals, we've specialized our ERP system for hospitals, we've specialized our HCM for managing the hospital workforce. We've done a bunch of things around the healthcare industry. One of the things we want to do is, we're the largest provider of clinical trial software. But the clinical, the results of the clinical trial goes to a government regulator. And we're now working with the government regulators to develop the software that allows them to take the clinical trial output in digital form and get it through the regulatory process much faster at a much lower cost. So we're looking at the entire healthcare ecosystem and trying to automate both sides of the transaction. The pharmaceutical company that's designing the drug, the hospitals that are testing the drug, and the regulators that are approving the drug should all be digitized. And we are well on our way to doing that because of our investment in Cerner. And now what has blossomed into an investment across the entire healthcare ecosystem.
Larry Ellison: Yes, maybe the most interesting industry that's adopting the Oracle Cloud are people who are in the technology business. So a lot of our customers are, I mean, their business, I mean, Zoom, in the early days of Oracle, it wasn't long ago we were talking about Zoom and still very excited about Zoom. And they came to us, one of our earliest, very, very large customers. And a lot of their business is just running an app, if you will, an application on the cloud. And a huge amount of their expense is running that application in the cloud and doing it efficiently. And where we're most obvious, I mean, NVIDIA is an extraordinary company, but Cohere is a great company. But a lot of their expense is running AI training in the cloud. And when it's that much of your expense, if we're a lot faster, they do a lot of due diligence about the technology. And it became very apparent, a lot of the early adopters, if you will, and we're still in the early stages, a lot of the early adopters at scale of the Oracle Cloud were highly technical companies like a Zoom or an NVIDIA, I can name a bunch of others, or a highly technical industry like phone companies, telecommunication companies, where they see the advantages, not only, by the way, the performance and cost advantages. Another thing that we're very proud of is because of our network, we're highly reliable. And because of the autonomy, we're highly reliable. If, for example, the Oracle Autonomous Database doesn't lose your data, because you can't make a pilot. Usually a lot of the data loss is caused by pilot error. Well, with the Oracle Autonomous Database, the driver is the system. It's a self-driving database. So you can't make a human error that causes you to lose data. So it's very, where a phone company has to be up 24 hours a day, where a bank really is not supposed to lose your data, where a huge percentage of your expenses are your own cloud expenses, and your technology company delivering technology services from somebody else's cloud. In those areas is where we've seen adoption of Oracle at scale. And the less technical companies are now beginning their journey of looking more closely at the Oracle cloud. And when they do look closely, we compare very favorably with the other clouds.
Safra Catz: Let me take a start at it. And Larry, you add in here. First of all, the fact that OCI is just growing and accelerating is because customers want to spend less. And they also need to do more. They need to stay competitive. They need to stay agile. And so our technology, whether it's our applications, which allow them to spend a lot less and make better decisions running their business, so that's very, very natural. So our Fusion, and there's just so many things about Fusion that are so compelling. It costs less, it just helps them run their business. But then you go to OCI, where some of these customers are coming from our competitors. And as Larry said, imagine, Larry talked about the workload being twice as fast on OCI. But imagine it's 10 times as fast, or 100 times faster, or as is common in some cases, 1,000 times faster. So imagine what that bill looks like. So we have compelling technology at a much lower price. And that's without a doubt causing our customers to move to us more quickly. I don't know, Larry, if you want to add into that.
Safra Catz: Okay. Well, I will tell you that there's no question. Our secret weapon is the fact that we have vertical applications also. Many of our customers end up wanting to buy a vertical application and Fusion together and it's industry by industry. We will be posting online probably some of our wins for the quarter, but what you'll see is when we have existing customers in a segment and a vertical application in that, we truly are, without a doubt, the most popular. Whether it's healthcare with all of our existing customers, whether they be Cerner customers, the fact that we have ERP and HCM, SCM, all of our horizontal applications, CX, as well as the vertical applications, it makes us very tough to beat. New healthcare wins are going to be listed many, many, many go-lives, the same in financial services, retail, hospitality, these whole segments end up wanting to buy their entire solution from us. And that really makes us also very sensitive to their needs and we can fill them much better. So, that's been a big winner for us. And I will tell you that our customers also, when they move from on-premise, they realize that they're moving into the 21st century with a much better system, but also a much lower cost system that also is kept current every 90 days. New capabilities become available. They'll never have to do that big implementation every five years like some of the older companies who say they're cloud, but aren't actually cloud. They're just hosted. So, our products are just so differentiated all around that we're just building momentum around the world. Go ahead.
Safra Catz: Thank you. I actually feel like we're still at the beginning if you want to know the truth. We wanted to stabilize the operation. We definitely didn't want to risk breaking anything. You will be seeing some more significant changes and we have legal entity combination imminently and that actually gives us a lot more flexibility regarding the way we operate the business. We are just at the very beginning of it. Their margins are nowhere close to the way we run our company and we are right at the, I'd say we're at the beginning-ish, sort of at the beginning of the middle at most. We've got a long way to go on just operationally and we've got a lot of work going on on the development side as we bring our technical capabilities into the product and move them into the Oracle Cloud. There are a lot of savings as we do that also.
Safra Catz: I don't know, Larry, if you want to take a stab at it. The reality is that our customers run from very small to very large. As a general matter, we're a small percentage of their IT costs when they get started and sometimes a small percentage of their cloud spending. As they try us out, they move larger percentages of their business off of other clouds or from on-premise. We're at the very beginning of this movement, especially on the database side as more and more of our customers, our big customers often have cloud a customer or dedicated regions is sort of their ultimate goal for their most critical database workloads. We're at the absolute beginning of that with most of our customers. It's basically what we find is if you give us a chance, it is so much better, so much more cost effective, of course, so much more secure that customers very quickly realize how advantageous it is to move. It's all industries. As some of you know, auto companies are doing their simulations with us. It's really across industries, across sizes. It's very, very diversified. Larry, I don't know if you have additional comments.
Safra Catz: Yes. I mean, this past year was a big CapEx number as compared to usual. And we put out a lot of capacity. It is getting filled up, and getting used up. And I think we're getting real economies. In addition, one of the things you don't realize is that our underlying infrastructure, for example, I'll give you one example, our underlying infrastructure becomes more and more efficient, even under the best example actually is under Fusion. As we move, as we've moved to OCI, we are also moving to Autonomous Database Serverless, which again gives us added capacity. So we're constantly, constantly becoming more efficient. Our original landing was 12 racks. We're moving to 10 racks to have all the services. We're just continuing to sort of miniaturize our capabilities and it's giving us enormous efficiencies and cost savings. So staying the same as this year, again, if it just becomes overwhelming, it may go up higher, but I think we've got it very much in hand. We've laid out a lot this past year and I think if we stay where we're at, we're going to be able to fit a lot more workloads within that envelope, straightforwardly.
