Safra Catz: Okay. So I will start and then, Larry, you can add what you'd like. Obviously, the power of having great products is what overwhelms everything. And the momentum we have with Autonomous Database and the more and more success, all of these projects start as small projects and expand very dramatically. Our average consumption rate is just increasing dramatically, and it's the result of Autonomous Database being incredibly powerful and very, very popular with our customers.  In addition, the database itself, database license, the technology business, which I had mentioned earlier in the year, we had a little reorg in North America, a few things like that, that is really chugging. In fact, it probably would have been even better but for this coronavirus showing up at the end of the quarter. Basically, the last week in February, market was down a lot, and so I expected but for this coronavirus for Q4 to be really impressive. By assuming that we have some stability in the economy globally, I will be sharing with you the fact that it's a bigger and bigger number. That consumption revenue is going way, way up. And that this entire subscription side of the business, the infrastructure subscription side of the business is just getting bigger and grows and grows. So overall, good products, good services lead to success for our customers and then adoption takes care of itself. I don't know, Larry, if you want to add anything to that.
Safra Catz: So there was a little bit of an impact actually in Q3 as certain components were in short supply. And so in fact, once again, Q3 would have been even higher but for some shortages in components to our suppliers and to our suppliers' suppliers as a result of the coronavirus in China. I think that we're trying to work through all of that, and we'll see what the availability is in Q4. We think we -- some impact may continue, but my guidance on this does include our ability to deliver some but not all of what we could possibly sell in Q4.
Safra Catz: So let me just say -- sorry. First of all, let me just answer your exact question, which is, yes, yes, yes, yes. Is it new customers? Yes. Is it upgrading customers from e-business suite? Yes. Is it taking customers from our biggest competitors? Yes. Is it replacing out some of our SaaS competitors? Yes. It is all those things. All right. Now I'll let Larry talk. Go ahead.
Safra Catz: Yes. So as I pointed out in my opening remarks, the percentage of our revenue that is recurring, which is generally the support business and our cloud business, which is -- just continues year after year building off a growing base is a very, very large percentage. This past quarter in Q3, it was 71% of the quarter. By the way, in Q1, it will be a very large percentage because there isn't a big chunk. And in this next quarter is the quarter that it is historically, Q4, it's historically the lowest as a percentage because our transactional business is the biggest. Last year, it was 61%. Assuming it does, at least what -- at least what this quarter did and I expect it to be actually a little bit more, it would be about 63% at a minimum because this was 2 points. I expect it to actually be more.  So we have much less variability in -- especially like I remember 2001 when the Internet bubble imploded. That was just a totally different world. At that point, our license revenue was a very large percentage of our business. And at that point, it dropped very significantly because it had been, some would say, inflated or very high during the Internet bubble because of those kind of companies. Our business now is strategic and central to the operations of our customers, whether it's our SaaS products on which they run their businesses or it's the infrastructure and the database. The database is very strong, and it remains strong. Our tech business is very strong. And now that we've gotten everything sort of organized correctly in the past few months, it's really starting to show the power of our business.
Safra Catz: There's no question we can support our dividend with ease, okay. And any kind of increased dividend, we could support that. Also, I mean our business is very strong, as is obvious. It generates very large amounts of cash. We believe, as you can tell, I'm not going to comment on future buyback, but obviously, you can tell we have been buying back our stock. We think it's an incredible deal. It's basically gone on clearance sale in the past few days, and we think it's an enormous -- it's a fantastic investment. And it reduces the number of outstanding shares or otherwise known as partners we have to share our very good profits with.  So our business has hit an obvious inflection. I've mentioned that it would accelerate in the second half. I never would have imagined that we would have the kind of reaction worldwide by companies and governments. So I really -- I've done my best at modeling what Q4 will look like. To the extent that next year is -- that this stabilizes, I believe we will be just continuing on in our -- we've changed our model and it's becoming obvious. So I think our stock is obviously a bargain. It was a bargain before, and we are authorized to buy back, and we will let you know after we have done it.
Safra Catz: The business is fantastic, okay? It's obviously accelerating. The base of the business keeps growing. We are winning, we are winning constantly. The products are – it gets stronger every quarter, and it really ultimately is well on its way. Larry, I'm sorry, I interrupted you.
Lawrence Ellison: Yes. I want to amplify on what Safra means by great products. So Autonomous Database really is a unique product. There is no human labor. Therefore, there's no human error. So it's a combination of -- Autonomous Database costs a lot less to run because human beings don't do the driving. The Autonomous Database drives itself. So there's no labor associated with running the Autonomous Database. And if there's no human labor, humans can't make mistakes that cause security vulnerabilities. That's one big thing.  But another big thing that people may not know about Autonomous Database, it is both serverless and elastic. What I mean by that is when your application isn't running on the Oracle public cloud, you don't pay for any CPUs. You got no CPUs dedicated to you. When your application isn't running, you're not paying for servers. That is not true of Amazon's databases. If you have Redshift, you pay for the Redshift processors. If you have their MySQL implementation, you pay for those processors. We're not only serverless, we're instantaneously elastic. So if you suddenly need to go from 2 servers or 2 cores to 20 cores, we do that instantaneously while the database is still running. And then when you don't -- no longer need the 20 cores, we automatically go back to the 2.  So it literally is the promise of the cloud. It's serverless when it's not running, and it's fully elastic so you only pay for what you use. What this has translated to is people benchmark us. They actually bring an application to Oracle and they bring an application to AWS. They are shock to find that we are much, much less expensive than AWS even though we're more secure and we're faster. And once they discover that, once they do a trial and they do a comparison and they discover that, they're picking us. And some of the interesting ones that are picking us are some of the SaaS application providers, and that's their business. Their business is to run applications. And they try all of the different clouds. And we are the most secure cloud, the highest-performing cloud, but maybe most importantly, the most economical cloud. So we're winning more and more business, and we expect this trend to continue.
Lawrence Ellison: Yes. I'd like to comment as well. Our Exadata cloud -- database Cloud at Customer product is actually made up of the same components as conventional servers. Therefore, we can reallocate the parts away from the conventional servers into the Exadata machines. So -- and the Exadata machines are much higher value because they have a much larger software component to them when we sell them, and the Exadata machines are Gen2 Cloud at Customer. So I think you'll see us -- if we have to do some reallocation away from plain old commodity servers into our Exadata machines, and thereby, if there is a shortfall, it should be in the lower -- the less expensive commodity servers, less profitable commodity servers and the high-value, high-margin Cloud at Customer servers, we're going to do -- work very, very hard to meet all of those orders.
Lawrence Ellison: Yes. Well, again, this is back to the maturity of our product, the combination of we think we have the best technology. Our products are built on top of our database, which is faster and more secure than other databases, so we think our applications inherit those capabilities. But our applications are also built on top of technologies like our voice digital assistant. So we have -- so when we do a demonstration against Workday, and Workday has long claimed to have a better UI than Oracle, and they'll show their computer interface. And we'll say, "I don't think they have a better UI," and you just talk to your smartphone and you get your reports and you do your transactions by talking -- by saying Oracle and not Alexa, you say, "Oracle, how many vacation days do I have? Oracle, I'd like to schedule a 1-week vacation starting August 17."  And so we make our applications much more accessible with a much more modern user interface, taking away -- showing the technology difference between us and a company like Workday. The biggest advantage we have against Workday and SAP, I would argue, is that our applications are built on top of our infrastructure. SAP doesn't have an infrastructure cloud. Workday doesn't have an infrastructure cloud. Workday doesn't have a digital -- a voice digital assistant. Workday doesn't have an autonomous database. Workday doesn't have integrated machine learning to detect fraud and to detect security intrusions. They don't have those technologies. Our applications inherit all of those advantages, and it allows us to compete very effectively against them from demonstration to deployment.  And finally, we have this very, very broad suite where it's going to be very difficult for a company like Workday to build out everything from CX to HCM to ERP and supply chain and manufacturing. So it's very difficult for a small company to do that. And it's very difficult finally for SAP to do that because they haven't started yet. They haven't started writing for the cloud. So we're winning everywhere in applications. We have a suite. We have the most modern technology. We have the best security and the best performance. We're doing very well, very, very well against all of our application -- competitors in the back office and HCM and ERP. And we're making some progress against Salesforce though they are a -- but they're a very formidable competitor in the front office. That's a different competitive dynamic.
Lawrence Ellison: Yes. I'd like to add a couple of comments. One is just to reiterate what Safra said, our business is much -- is not a onetime license business very much anymore. This past quarter, 71% of the business that we had in the quarter was contracted before the quarter began. So these are just ongoing subscriptions. That's very close to accurate.  The other comment is -- we've got all this recurring business. The other comment is our business model has changed radically in that we used to have lots and lots of small offices spread all over the place. And we've gone away from those small offices spread all over the place to a hub model, where we have a big office in Austin, Texas, big office in California. We have these hubs, and we do digital selling. We do digital support. We're communicating with you across the Internet. We do demonstrations where we're not necessarily there. We're just -- we're demonstrating our products to you, selling our products to you. We're doing implementation consulting out of India. We're doing implementation consulting out of the Philippines where the people aren't going on site.  So our model, our business model, selling and services are more and more provided digitally. Our revenue model, more and more of it is subscription-based and reoccurring. So our business has changed radically from the time of the Internet bubble, from 2001, from 2008. It's a very different situation.
Lawrence Ellison: No. I was going to say, in applications, the new news is, I mentioned it last quarter, that we are engaged with lots, more than 10 of SAP's very largest customers. In terms of doing -- actually looking at taking a couple of divisions of these very large companies. And we're talking about American companies, Asian companies, German companies, large German companies that are giving us divisions to put Fusion into. And there is -- one company has given us multiple divisions because the question they're trying to answer is, "Can I replace all of SAP throughout my company with Fusion? And you're just doing one division in my company, it isn't enough. I need you to do multiple divisions within my company."  So we have lots of examples of that, believe it or not, with the most famous companies in the world. SAP -- it is astonishing to me that SAP's largest customers are now looking at moving away from SAP because SAP never moved to the cloud. They never rewrote their applications. Ask them a very simple question. Is that code the same code you had 35 years ago? SAP's programming language, by the way, SAP's -- they're still programming in a language called ABAP. It's their proprietary programming.  We program in Java, but they program in ABAP. This is a 35-year-old technology. They never rewrote for the cloud. Their largest customers are aware of that. They are looking at us, and I have never seen -- except in the early days when we had the first commercial relational database and Oracle grew its franchise, which really created our brand, the Oracle brand, I've never seen an opportunity like this to take out the winner of the on-premise ERP wars. They beat us in the on-premise wars, and it looks like -- and they missed the cloud entirely. So the scale of this opportunity is enormous. We're getting real deals signed with their largest customers. We're implementing divisions and their largest customers will -- we have a -- by this summer, some huge SAP customers going live, live on Oracle Fusion applications that we'll be announcing this summer. It's not that we just started working with them, we started working with them 18 months ago. And we're taking their first division, it will be live this summer. So the scale of this opportunity is just enormous. And that's going to help drive our growth -- our applications growth higher than we ever dreamed it could be.
