Larry Ellison: Well, maybe the most interesting thing is we have a much faster network than anybody else. We have a fundamentally different network than any of the other cloud providers. We have what’s called an RDMA network that we had to build because our Exadata machines and our database -- actually glued together a lot of computers. And when you had a single database application, that could run on one computer or it could run on a cluster of computers, the 2 computers, 4 computers, 8 computers, whatever, so that there was no single point of failure. One of the beauties of the Oracle database, one of the big differences between the Oracle database and other databases is that the Oracle database, a single application could run on multiple computers. If one of those computers would fail, the application would keep running. It was fall tolerant. It would tolerate a failure of a machine. Other people don’t have that. But in order to do that, we had to make our network, if we’re going to have a cluster of 4 machines running a single database app, we have to make that network between those 4 machines very fast. And that’s called an RDMA network. It means that one computer can immediately access the memory of another computer without going through an interrupt. It’s a very fast way to interconnect computers and have them act as a group. We built that for our entire cloud, so we can run our database, our Oracle real application cluster database on any of the computers in our cloud. Now because we’ve built this hyper-fast network, it turns out it has more utility than just running the Oracle database. So, if you’re running a cluster of computers doing a simulation, a car crash simulation, that was one of the first applications people noticed, ran much faster on Oracle. Now, a much bigger application they noticed ran much faster on Oracle was on neural networks and machine learning workloads run much faster on Oracle. So, because our network is just intrinsically much faster and -- by the way, also there are security and reliability advantages to go along with that. So, our network configured. We actually have -- all of our computers actually have two networks. I’m not going to go into all the details. But our computers are fundamentally different than any other cloud company. We have two networks, one of which is on the Internet -- I’d say, one of which interconnects all of our customers’ computers. And the other, which is our -- if you will, our control network where our -- and computers that run our cloud control software, which is isolated from the customer software. So, the customer can’t tamper with our cloud control software. They can’t get control of it. And we can’t see the customers’ data. That is unique to Oracle. But the -- because we have the two networks and because one of the networks is RDMA, we just run much, much faster, much more reliably than they do. And it’s a fundamental advantage that they can’t compete with unless they rebuild their cloud from scratch.
Larry Ellison: You can take it. I mean the workloads, I’ll just say on the workloads. AI and machine learning is a huge -- is exploding NVIDIA. NVIDIA, the people who provide the GPUs for most AI workloads are -- they’re moving a huge amount of stuff to the Oracle Cloud and a bunch of other companies that are doing that. But that’s one new one. I mean, obviously, database, but I’ll let that question really go onto Safra.
Larry Ellison: Yes. Well, actually, on the technical side, of course, what we’re trying to do is build -- not just provider systems. In other words, what Cerner did primarily in competition with EPIC is the automated hospitals. And yes, we want to automate hospitals and clinics and doctors’ offices and do that. We certainly want to automate providers. But we’re layering on top of that is we want to do national public health. We are doing national public health systems. I mentioned Oxford Nanopore that’s an early warning system to detect the next pathogen that could lead to a pandemic. These global public health systems need to be built. And we are in discussions. We are in discussions with not companies, but countries about building and deploying a global early warning system so we can detect the next pathogen that threatens to turn into a pandemic, we can catch it early enough that we can prevent it from being a pandemic. God forbid, if there is another pandemic that we have up to the minute, up to the second data about how that country’s infrastructure is managing the hospitalization rates and vaccination rates and all of those things, so we can better deploy and manage our resources during a pandemic. So, we don’t have a repeat of the things that went on during COVID-19. So, I expect -- Safra just gone back from visiting some prospective customers that are countries that we will be signing contracts with a number of countries to build these national systems. And these contracts are enormous, I mean, absolutely enormous. And there will be several of them. So, as I said in my note in the press release, the scale of this healthcare opportunity is unprecedented but so are the responsibilities that go along with it. We have to -- we, as humanity has to do a better job of delivering healthcare to people than we have done historically. And we can never have a repeat of the COVID-19 pandemic. And I think there is this worldwide sense of urgency and national consciousness about getting a new generation of systems out there that help us at first prevent and then manage our healthcare -- prevent a pandemic and better manager healthcare systems. As far as I know, Oracle is the only company in the world that’s trying to address this issue. And we’re about to sign up a number of countries that will work with us on doing just that.
Safra Catz: Well, it’s really across the board, to be fair. We’ve got high-performance computing. We’ve got most of the auto companies doing their simulations on us. And then, we have Oracle workloads, autonomous database and other workloads. We have extremely broad, just extremely broad moves. I think I told you in previous quarters that, of course, our growth rates are higher because we’re smaller, but yet as we grow, we’re actually accelerating because of exactly the features that Larry covered in the last question, customers are coming to us, often not expecting the phenomenal results. And remember, time is money on the cloud. So, if you’re more performant, it is much less expensive, whether it’s Oracle workloads or straight compute or storage or other workloads. The other thing is you have to understand that our cloud of customers, our national security regions, all of those are being contracted, and we are clearly the choice for governments to maintain their sovereignty over their data. We can land a center very quickly, and they have -- and they fill up very quickly. So, we really have it coming from all areas. And then, of course, our applications business, Larry basically said it. I mean, we’re in it. And we’re winning consistently deal after deal, both as our e-business suite and PeopleSoft and JD Edwards customers moved to us but also SAP installations choosing us over what they had before. So, it’s just on all fronts, frankly.
Safra Catz: So contrary to, I think, the fears the people always have, the Oracle database is still the biggest part of license by far. So most important part, the database remains strong because customers understand that they can BYOL, bring your own license, and they can have coverage whether they’re on-premise in the cloud or moving in between the two, so again, really always the big number. But we’ve got growth rates that are very strong in analytics. We have growth rates that are super strong in Java, we have growth rates that are strong in the industry’s areas, some of our industry’s applications. And then -- so I want to make sure I gave you the numbers both ways. With Cerner, we have a growth rate of 23% because, of course, you add the Cerner license. Without Cerner, it’s 9% growth. So, even without Cerner, we have license growth after a very strong growth rate a full year ago in license. So, again, big dog is, of course, technology. That’s the bulk of it. But we’ve got a few industry apps and a little bit of Cerner. And it just remains just super strong.
Safra Catz: Sure. So Mark, we’ve owned Cerner for about five months. And I will tell you that they continue to do better than we had projected internally. So, we’re very, very happy. But we are still at the beginning. We don’t want to do anything that will damage the business. And of course, we’re very, very focused on those customers. But we are already having some level of savings. But ultimately, just so that you understand, our expectation is we will run them at typical Oracle margins. So, we’ve got quite a way to go. And I think over the next couple of quarters, you’ll see continued improvement as we’ve done some of our operational integration. And simultaneously, I think they continue to over perform for us. So, we are doing this in a very careful way. So, it’s not to put any issues for our customers and making sure they’re successful. On the technical side, Larry, that’s for you.
Safra Catz: Yes. Let me start that, and Larry can add if you want. So I want to remind you that we are global, right, which includes whether we’re in Europe and in the United States, but we’re also in the Gulf states and really in Asia, different parts, Latin America. And there are always companies that get to the point where their business, they cannot afford to keep using their older systems. They spend too much using them. They spend too much running them. And they are actually holding them back, and they know that. And I think one of the things many companies learned during COVID was those companies that did not get on some sort of a track to get a digital connection with their customers, employees and suppliers that were at a huge disadvantage. And so that momentum continues. And it is possible that any individual country or location there could be some little slowdown here or there. And yet there are other countries and industries that are doing incredibly well and they view this as critical. When customers move to SaaS they end up spending less but also have much better capabilities to sell more to work with their employees and their suppliers, and of course, as I said, their customers. So that momentum has started, has started, and it just continues very, very strongly. And again, we are global. So, even when there are some issues in some regions, we’re in other regions that are doing phenomenally well right now.
