Larry Ellison: Well, I think what we’re seeing is now that some people are actually trying. The people – the first group of people that are coming to OCI are people who are in the business providing their application. Its not -- I mean, it’s great we have Verizon, we have end user customers like Verizon, a very big success. They came to OCI. I think, they tried a number of other clouds and they found OCI is better than other clouds. Zoom found that OCI was faster and cheaper, which makes a big deal in their business, right? So they had to expand capacity, but they prefer paying less and getting more when they run on someone else's cloud. So if your business is to build an application in the cloud, and you're going to use someone else's cloud, we think OCI is where there -- a lot of them are going to end up once they try our cloud. Not everyone believes, in fact, most people don't believe that Oracle has the fastest cloud and the lowest cost cloud. But when you come here and try it, that's exactly what you find out. And you're just seeing the beginning of that happening. And I think a bunch of people were shocked that Zoom picked Oracle. Zoom -- I think Zoom was shocked also. I think Zoom was shocked when they looked at the results after they moved their application to Oracle, and we were faster, much faster, and we were much less expensive and we were more secure. So we think as people compare our cloud, our infrastructure, our second-generation infrastructure to AWS and Azure and the rest, they're going to pick our cloud. They just have to come look as opposed to just assuming, hey, AWS is bigger so they must be better. Azure is bigger, so they must be better. Once they look, we win. And I think as far as our end users are concerned, Verizon is a perfect example of someone who tried other clouds and then tried Oracle, found that Oracle could do a lot more for a lot less money than they could get done with AWS or Azure. We have a lot of customers. We've got to get them in. We've got to get them looking. We've got to get them trying our cloud and comparing that to the results of AWS, and we think we're going to get the lion's share of our installed base, our database installed base moving to our cloud. If I'm right, if that's right, our Infrastructure Cloud business is gigantic. We have hundreds of thousands of database customers, including all the largest companies and governments on the planet Earth.
Larry Ellison: Okay. So when we pivoted strongly to the cloud, we did a lot of database development for the public cloud and the most conspicuous thing that came out of our development team was the Autonomous Database. But it only ran in a public cloud. And we had this huge installed base. We have this huge installed base, hundreds of thousands of customers. Most of the world's valuable data is in an Oracle database. But that's sitting on-premise. And a large bank wanted to use our latest technology, the Oracle Autonomous Database. The only place they could buy it was in the public cloud, they couldn't get it. They could not get it in their data center in Cloud@Customer. We didn't have it. So for years, several years, our on-premise customers had no access to our latest database technology. Amazing. So now after developing all of this for the public cloud and continuously improving the Oracle Autonomous Database, the Oracle autonomous transaction process system, the Oracle autonomous data warehouse, we finally have gotten around to making it available to our on-premise customers via our Cloud@Customer, Exadata -- Exadata Cloud@Customer service offering. And so, now all of our on-premise customers, big banks, big government agencies, smaller customers who want to upgrade their databases on-premise can now use Cloud@Customer. And we make it very attractive for them to get access to the latest technology. We own -- there's no upfront capital cost to get this thing. It's just like buying public cloud, except we put the database cloud, the Cloud@Customer in your data center in the form of a number of Exadata machines. And then we manage it for you across the network, across -- attached to our public cloud and we manage it for you. Again, what's happened is, for years, our installed base on-premise customers had no access to our latest database technology, our best database technology, Autonomous Database. Now, all of a sudden, they do. We think this is going to be a gigantic shift and a great product for us. We're very excited. And by the way, the other thing that's great about Gen2 versus Gen1 of Cloud@Customer, Gen2 Cloud@Customer has been engineered to be amazingly easy to install and use. You kind of plug it in and it just amazingly easy to install and use. You kind of plug it in and it just works. So we think – we think it's an easy-to-use system. There's no capital upfront to use the system. We think it's going to be attractive to all of – all of our on-premise customers, large and small, and it will ease their transition from on-premise and into the public cloud during that long period of co-existence when you have your own data centers and you have a public cloud both operating together. We think it's going to be one of our biggest and hottest new products ever, Autonomous Database Cloud@Customer.
Larry Ellison: Yeah. And I'd like to add to what Safra said. We rolled out the new module. That's something that Oracle made available in our cloud. But then, our customers will be able to access that new module at home, if they’ll take it out. So, and the fact is, all these cloud systems are accessible at home, obviously. They are accessible on your smartphone. So, they're just much more accessible than the previous generation of technology. And that's made a huge difference where people are able to continue operating out of their homes. If you are an accountant, and you're using an Oracle financial system, there is no reason to get in your car and drive to the office. You have the same exact tools sitting in your home office on your laptop computer.
Larry Ellison: I'd like to comment also. I think, I'll add a little color to that. I think Safra is -- I totally agree with everything Safra said. I think we've always been actually pretty good about controlling our expenses and this is another example where we have executed very well there. I think just as important, maybe even more important, is the fact that our profitable businesses are getting bigger while our less profitable businesses are getting smaller. So the mix, what Safra was talking about very early on in the call, we have some businesses that are in decline that we don't care much about. I mean, we don't care that this SPARC servers are selling less than when we first bought Sun. You know, there are a bunch of businesses we have storage systems. We have a number of businesses that are in decline that were lower margin businesses and we have a bunch of businesses that are on the rise; like Fusion HCM, like Fusion ERP, Fusion SCM, our infrastructure, our OCI Gen 2, Autonomous Database. These are much higher profit margin products. So as some of our lower margin businesses get smaller and our higher margin businesses get bigger, it's really what's going -- what's going on is a mix shift, the fundamental mix shift. And I think you should see margin expansion in good times and margin conservation in bad times because of this mix change. I think the mix change is a very big deal and explains a lot of why even though -- if you look at Oracle by and large over the last several years someone will say, guy, I mean, their top-line growth has not been very strong, but their bottom-line growth has been spectacular. Well, they just must be cutting costs and cutting costs and cutting costs. That is not true. Our mix is changing. Our profitable businesses are getting bigger. Our less profitable businesses are getting smaller. That's allowing us to improve our profitability and hold on to our margins, even when the topline is challenged. I don't mean to take away anything from the team, which did a wonderful job of watching every penny in traveling. Obviously, we traveled less. We were in fewer hotels and all of those things. But it's really the combination of those two things, everything that Safra outlined in terms of how we manage our expenses plus this mix change that had a big impact and allowed us to deliver an earnings beat in a very tough quarter.
Safra Catz: Certainly. So we have a number of drivers in this business that basically is accelerating the adoption of our products. First of all, we have more and more referenceable customers, both small to a very large, as you heard Larry talk about it. So we have many, many references, which makes it far easier to convince new customers to go ahead and choose us. Secondly, we have a lot of success upgrading on-premise customers that customers that are – they use products that are on-premise with really no possible way to reach the cloud, and so we've been incredibly successful with the with the old Lawson base and all that. In addition, the E-Business Suite customers, which is a massive installed base has only recently started to upgrade and only about 6% of our installed base has upgraded to the cloud in absolute ERP. So though they picked up pieces around financials, now they're really starting as they build confidence and especially as larger and larger customers have adopted Fusion ERP, many of them have just been waiting until they could do that. And one of the things, by the way, that was a very important was the releases on the supply chain side of the business. Many of our customers are manufacturers and they wanted to – they like having the suite. They wanted a full suite, of course our financials and HCM, but in addition, they wanted a mature supply chain product and now we have many references in the supply chain, of course including ourselves. And so the momentum has really increased. Now part of that, by the way, is that once customers, start with us many of our customers grow over time. So, they'll start with some module, and year-over-year, it is very common that they will grow their installation at least 20% with us. So, we have a lot of different drivers to the relationship. So, some adopt HCM, some take on more divisions, some role in additional capabilities. And I'll tell you, this pandemic has actually been very, very interesting for some of them, because they got one of the immediate benefits of being in the cloud. And that is for our HCM customers, we rolled out, at no charge, health and safety, which is a module in HCM. And in working with some partners, many of our customers adopted it and to start using it, so that they could better support their employees through this pandemic, and so that they could assist them and help keep track of them and help them where necessary. Of course, nothing like that could have been possible on-premise. And it's those kind of things where we can just roll out new capabilities, which is the big difference between being on-premise but hosted like SAP, and being actually in a software-as-a-service model where new functionalities can just be rolled out for you without you calling in a giant system integrator team to put it in. So, we have a lot of momentum right now in this business.
Safra Catz: Yeah. I mean these capabilities are not only -- they are modern, they are mobile. You can get to them. But not only that, you can work with them by voice, totally modern UI, much more capable. I mean, it is literally night and day between 21st century technology, which came in incredibly handy during this pandemic, and all 20th century stuff, some of these customers are using. And that's why the moment they get started with us and build the confidence, they realize that this is very, very important and critical for their success going forward. Thank you.
Safra Catz: Well, I think you know that we have a very long history of being very careful about how we spend money. And during this pandemic, obviously, there were no people flying around. Only our essential employees that had to go in to somewhere did any kind of traveling at all. We had moved entirely to work-from-home. And so we didn't have T&E expenses. In addition, of course, our compensation expenses were down because of commissions. That's clear. And we really just tried to carefully watch our spending, while continuing to invest in our future. We are very, very optimistic about the strength of these products. I cannot say that enough. And as a result, we're also very optimistic about the capability of our field to kind of, fan out and share this with our prospects. And so we want to make sure we have a very strong technical team in place and a very strong field. So we just did what are the -- the reasonable smart things to do. Everyone, the entire senior management team, Larry and I don't take the credit, it is really the credit of the entire management team that just got a lot more careful about extraneous spending and we were able to bring this in.
