Lawrence Ellison: Thank you, Safra. We just completed a great quarter, but the quarter would have been even better if we would have had more -- and we would have had more revenue growth if we had not been capacity constrained in OCI during Q2. There was more demand than we had supply. To remedy this capacity shortfall, we are adding OCI capacity and building new OCI datacenters as fast as we can. We are now up to 29 regional data centers around the world, more than AWS. OCI added customers and grew revenue at a rate well in excess of 100% year-over-year in Q2. The Oracle Autonomous Database was up over 50%. We also introduced several new OCI managed services during the quarter. The most interesting of these new OCI managed services is for the popular open source database, MySQL, featuring an all-new, Oracle-developed, massively parallel query accelerator called Heat Wave. MySQL plus Heat Wave processes queries hundreds of times faster, hundreds of times faster than the current version of MySQL by itself and other MySQL-compatible databases, such as Amazon's Aurora. MySQL plus Heat Wave is so much faster, so much easier to use and less expensive than PostgreS, Redshift, Snowflake or any other database available on Amazon AWS. The amazing thing about Heat Wave is that you don't have to move your data out of MySQL and build a separate data warehouse to get the huge performance gains. You simply take any existing MySQL or Aurora database, run that exact same database on the new MySQL version that includes Heat Wave , and immediately, your queries run hundreds of times faster. You don't have to change a single line of code. It can't get any easier to use than that. Now I'd like to change subject and talk about our multibillion-dollar application businesses in the cloud. Fusion EPS -- Fusion ERP grew 33% in Q2 to over 7,500 customers. NetSuite grew 21% to over 24,000 customers. We have the top-rated ERP products on both Gartner and IDC. There is no large-scale enterprise application business in the cloud that's growing as fast as we are. In the coming months, our cloud ERP market leadership will become even more obvious when we announce that several major large-scale SAP ERP customers are leaving SAP and moving to our Fusion ERP cloud. Oracle is the clear market leader in cloud ERP. Finally, I'd like to talk about our all-new, cloud-based national electronic health record system and health management application suite that Oracle built in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. This system has already been used to register more than 0.5 million people for clinical trials run in the United States for COVID-19 vaccines and therapeutics, such as monoclonal antibodies. Last month, in partnership with the Tony Blair Institute, we used this same exact national electronic health record system to manage the distribution of yellow fever vaccine in Africa. 7,000 people in Ghana were vaccinated during the first week of the program. We're very proud of that. We are currently in discussions with dozens of countries around the world to adopt Oracle's new national electronic health record system to modernize their national public health infrastructure, thus enabling efficient COVID-19 vaccine management therapeutic monitoring and diagnostic testing. Normally, at this point, I'd begin to read a list of notable new customers that we acquired during the quarter. But our new more efficient track will be to provide you with a list of those customers attached to our detailed financial quarterly numbers. So immersively, you will be able to read the list for yourself and no longer will you have to endure me reading it to you. So with that, I'll turn it back over to Ken.
Lawrence Ellison: All right. Well, let me start in two areas. I've always said there are 2 key aspects of Oracle's future, one is the Autonomous Database, which is a cloud-only product. It works at Cloud and Cloud at Customer. So, it is certainly cloud first. It is the only database that really does both transaction processing and query processing. So, query processing, we’re much faster than Snowflake, the market's current darling. And in transaction processing, we're much faster than anybody. So, we have a single unified database that is fully autonomous. It never goes down. It patches itself. Nobody else is making claims anything like that. So, we have a vast leadership in -- plus we have, by far, the largest installed base. And our database business continues to grow. Some of our other businesses, our middleware businesses have declined, but our database business continued to grow throughout the move to the cloud. So, we're very confident we're going to hold on to our database franchise. We're convinced that -- I mean, they really don't have any strong competition. One of -- and you can see there's not a lot of strong competition from Amazon because what's going on with Snow -- if you're curious what's happening with Snowflake, Snowflake is a decent product, it’s a good product, I think. And it's just killing Redshift over at Amazon. So, it's doing extremely well, but it doesn't remotely compare to Oracle's Autonomous Database. It doesn't do transactions at all. And in fact, query processing is not even close to assess as the Oracle database. So we're -- but it's much better than what Amazon has. And when it's competing inside of AWS, it does very well. It will kill Redshift. Redshift is not very good. So, we think we have a huge lead in database, and that no one's trying to do what we're doing. I mean none of the stuff patches itself. None of the stuff never goes down. That's true. The -- okay, that's holding on to our database franchise. The next thing is ERP. SAP forgot to move their ERP system to the cloud. They just built -- they decided instead to go compete with Oracle with HANA. They don't have a cloud product. We have -- if you look at Gartner and SAP, SAP asked to be moved off the Gartner list because SAP was in the lower left-hand corner. They're not even considered a cloud system by Gartner, SAP for ERP. So, we are -- we have dominant -- we have over 30,000 customers in the cloud, running our Cloud ERP systems. Who's second? Workday with a few hundred? I mean it's not close. And that's the largest applications business. That's the largest applications business on premise, and it will be the largest applications business in the cloud, and we're the overwhelming technology and market leader. So, I think those 2 lynchpins, the Autonomous Database and the Oracle ERP in the cloud secure our future. Now add to that, OCI, which is new for us, we've never been a platform company. We -- Linux is a platform. In the old on-premise days, Linux was a platform, Windows was the most famous platform. There was HP-UX and IBM Metazone offering. So there were a lot of platforms. We weren't ever in that business. We were portable and ran on lots of different platforms. Now we have our own platform for the first time. And our platform is competing very well against AWS and Microsoft, and we think we have way better technology on our platform than the other guys. And we're winning lots and lots of customers to our platform. That's an all-new initiative for us to go into the platform business. So again, we're moving from #2 to #1 in cloud applications. Again, we have the fastest-growing, cloud -- large-scale cloud applications business on the planet. Who has a multibillion-dollar cloud business that's growing at 33%? I mean maybe there's somebody, I don't know who it is. Who has anything like autonomous database technology? And who has a cloud platform that's being picked by some of the most sophisticated technology companies on earth over AWS and Microsoft? So I guess those are the 3 pieces: OCI, Autonomous Database and Fusion ERP in the cloud that gives me confidence that we're going to get our fair share of the new generation of cloud applications and infrastructure.
Lawrence Ellison: Yes. So again, the interesting thing about Cloud at Customer, the change in our business model. So you've got to remember, when we sign a huge Cloud at Customer deal and we deliver a bunch of Exadata to a customer, we recognized, let's see, how much revenue, nothing, versus selling a bunch of Exadata. So what's happened -- remember, we're going from selling Exadata machine to delivering them for free and then charging, if you will, rental or usage on the machines as we go from selling hardware to selling Exadata Cloud at Customer. So our accounting model, you say, well, wow, Oracle's revenue is flat. Well, flat, maybe not so bad, actually it's growing somewhat. But keep in mind, where we used to get paid for Exadata machines right away, we now deliver them at Cloud at Customer, and we have to wait to get those monthly revenues over a 4-year period. So what you're seeing is this change in model, and Cloud at Customer is already doing pretty well. It's just there's a huge lag. There's histories. From the time -- there's a lag from the time we start selling a bunch of these things until all the revenue starts coming in. So that's what's going on right now where it's already a very successful product. We're selling a lot of them. Our sales are accelerating, but there's this time lag between sales and the revenue, very different than selling a database license or selling an Exadata machine. As we move to the new model, it's a more profitable model long term, but it doesn't have the instantaneous impact. So there's this time lag. And that's what you're seeing.
Lawrence Ellison: Yes. Well, they are actually because we're making -- actually, I've been directly involved with a major push in CX. And we've come out with several new CX products, one of which is our product and references system where we have a product references database that we sell, and we have an AI engine that sits on top of it. And what it does, it tells -- it interfaces to our sales automation system. And it tells customers or it tells salespeople what product they should be selling this particular customer next. It's got a recommendations engine. And it will tell -- it will also tell the salesperson what are the best references when you're selling customer A Fusion ERP. And then it will actually -- go out and find those references and prepare a micro -- a website, a micro site for that prospect to go to. So we are enhancing our sales automation which, heretofore, sales automation really has not been about automating sales. Sales automation, which was pioneered by salesforce.com, sales automation is all about opportunity management and forecasting. Our new sales automation is all about giving salespeople tools, enabling them to sell more. It automatically generates proposals. It automatically generates reference list. It automatically generates micro sites. It automatically generates recommendations of what the salesperson should be selling to this customer next, what module. So these are the kind of products, what we call automated lead generation and qualification built into the selling system, the product reference system. We also have another new product that's coming out in CX, which we think is very important, which is the ability to launch an advertising campaign from a computer console without going through ad agencies. It's funny, this disintermediates the ad business, so that you can, again, target -- let's say, we're selling Fusion ERP to an oil company, a large oil company, and we want to advertise to people in that oil company, the decision makers, the CEO, the CFO, people in accounting, all of that, we can then launch an ad campaign targeting those people and with references for Fusion ERP. So rather than when they log on to look at Google News, rather than them seeing ads for Nike shoes where they were recently browsing the website, they're going to see ads for Oracle Fusion ERP. So we have an ad system. So we're doing a bunch of that -- by the way, no one is doing this but us. We're the only one that's doing this ability to target people and launch ads from a console. We're the only ones that -- I mean people do it on the consumer side but not on the B2B side. We're doing that on the B2B side. We're the only ones that are using the recommendation engine the way that we are not only to recommend what to sell next but who the best references are and actually preparing the micro site for the prospects to examine those references. So I think the CX is a huge opportunity for us. The fact that we have CX linked to our ERP, we have front office linked to our ERP, linked to our HCM system, it's a huge advantage that we have front office, we have HCM, we have back office, we link it all together. It's much more valuable when you have all the front office and back-office data in a single database. It allows you to do the kind of innovative things we're doing in the front office. So again, that's -- you're going to see a major improvement in our portfolio in the front office over the coming months.
Lawrence Ellison: All right. We're just seeing demand for our products all over the world. Our data -- we're going to 1 data center, an OCI data center, that runs not only all of our technology, like Autonomous Database and our high-performance computing, all of that stuff, but it runs all of our applications as well. So we're seeing demand for these products all over the world, and we are going into more countries. We've decided -- our strategy is, because we have a large existing business, we have a large existing installed base, we believe we just have to get into more countries than someone -- than Amazon, let's say, because we have to serve those countries where we have a large installed base, like Indonesia, let's say, which is a very big country, but a lot of people don't have data centers in Indonesia. Israel, I mean, it's very important to get a good data center in Israel. Some of the cloud companies has been late to get there. We think that's a very important marketplace. So we think we have been building as fast as we can, but we've been trying not to build ahead of demand. And we were doing a pretty good job actually until this last quarter where demand was actually turned out to exceed our ambitions, where our plan for growth, though it's a very ambitious plan, still on the demand side, we have some large customers that just wanted more capacity than we could supply. And that bit us in Q2. Hopefully, it will be -- as Safra said, we're probably a month or two away from correcting that and getting ahead of that curve. But we just see right now there's more demand than we can supply. So we're going -- as I said, what are we doing? We're going as fast as we possibly can.
