Marc Naughton: This is Marc. It's hard to generalize exactly what the difference is when you do both inpatient and outpatient. Clearly, it grows the size of the deal. But for the most part, it's the extension of the inpatient EMR licenses to the outpatient clinic. So while the overall dollars are not significant, we're adding the ambulatory. There is -- they certainly increase the number of user, which is the metric by which we get paid. So it's not going to be 50-50 but it could add 25% to a deal depending on how the deal is structured. And certainly, strategically, winning the ambulatory side is key for us.
Marc Naughton: Yes, this is Marc. As we continue to approach $1 billion of cash on the balance sheet, our strategy right now is to look for opportunities in the marketplace, where we could expand our footprint through some type of an acquisition. And we'll continue looking at that strategy. That strategy has a time limit on it because we think it will only be effective, probably at sometime around the next 12, maybe 24 months. At that point, if nothing has come to fruition, we will look to return the cash to our shareholders in the most effective way possible
Marc Naughton: That would be most of the U.S. and many of the countries we are in because we are obviously a large market shareholder and we're broad. So it is very easy for us and having rolled out the Millennium for a period of time. We have a lot of effective satisfied users that we can look very similar to the person looking to make a buying decision. So we are not lacking at all for reference-able sites that are geographically near to potential new clients.
Marc Naughton: Well, I think it does mark. Clearly, Q1 was very strong we have probably a little less CapEx than we would have normally planned. As you know, we've talked about CapEx for the year being in the $130 million to $50 million range starting off at the low end relative to that range, we would expect to probably end up somewhere in the low end. We think CapEx will probably go up a little bit in the last half of the year relative to our planned investments in our hosting business and our managed services businesses. But overall, for the year, we will be probably at or below the $130 million that we previously used as our base. So I think if you just used the growth in net income with $130 million CapEx, I think you'd be pretty close to where we should end up for free cash flow for the year.
Marc Naughton: Well, I think -- this is Marc, that broadly for the globe, we're seeing activity. Certainly, Europe is still coming from behind. But in the U.K., we saw some very good footprint signings, 2 footprints. This quarter we see more in the pipeline there. So that's expanding and we think the Middle East and the Far East both have potential to bounce back as well this year. I think this year, the revenue being down year-over-year is a little bit the reflection of the strong year ago quarter globally relative to this quarter. And I think as we indicated, we would expect our global revenues to grow as compared to the prior year's as we go through this year. We think there's a very good chance to have a strong global year in a variety of areas, which are really at this point too broad to go into all of them.
Marc Naughton: No. I can provide a little color there, George. If you really look at our bookings and kind of look at the managed services which are the longer term 5- to 7-year type of bookings that we have seen, we've really had those in our bookings at this point so long that it's really no longer a differentiation when you go look at the comparable prior periods. So for this quarter, we had approximately 25% to 30% range was coming from the 7-year type bookings. And that's probably actually a little bit lower than we've seen in the last, probably, 4 to 8 quarters. So I think bookings still is a very good measure of our future short term, and as well as longer-term opportunities, but this quarter there was no -- the over attainment on our bookings guidance was really broad. It was across the spectrum in every area, from services to software and managed services was right in its normal percent range of a bigger number. So it also contributed somewhat but it wasn't any unique longer-term type of duration.
Marc Naughton: I think, this is Marc, it's really reflective of a very active market in an active and deep pipeline that we've been building. People, and I think, Zane made the point pretty effectively that people, especially as they're looking are at putting solutions and are already getting past, what do I need for Stage 1, because I think a lot of people have kind of their path to Stage 1 figured whether it's their existing supplier or they're doing something new. But I think that Stage 2 and beyond and all the other initiatives are really driving people to get decisions made. So from our standpoint, there wasn't any, as I indicated, it was broad across all of our businesses relative to the bookings success. There wasn't any one area that drove that success. All of it was, everything was above planned and doing well and as we've looked at our pipeline and finish our forecasting work for the upcoming quarter, we see that strength certainly continuing.
Marc Naughton: We've had relationships with a lot of U.K. trusts. These were 2 of them that we've dealt with to some extent in the past as the buying becomes more focused at the trust level and they start going out making their decisions, we expect all the work we've down over the last 2 and 3 years by our U.K. team, which has done a great job of bringing people into our London office, envisioning them as to what can be accomplished. Now that they start having the ability of go make their own choices that is we expect that to actually kind of be the beginning of a period of time when we start seeing individual trusts come into our bookings with some frequency. So the 2 we signed this quarter, yes, we had a relationship with them. But we actually kind -- already, because of the program have a lot of relationships in geographies with almost every major trust in them.
Marc Naughton: At this point, we're working our pipeline, and we'll kind of be able to announce things as they happen, but we really can't talk about that to a great extent on the call today.
Marc Naughton: Yes. DeviceWorks basically is very similar to our tech resale business. The selling the actual or reselling the actual equipment, or in this case, for example, meds dispensing cabinet resulted in us recognizing revenue and recognizing cost of goods sold. The net margins on those we talked to prior -- are in the single-digit range. So that is going to impact our gross margins. The key for us though is usually those sales will come with it, bringing with it an iBus transaction which is basically 100% or is software, so it brings with it a significant component of that, relative to a bookings, it will depend some -- each item is a little bit different relative to the resale. But for the most part, on the resale of cabinets, that is going to be recognized in revenue when the install happens. So there will be a booking that comes into our bookings and then within a 12-month period the install or revenue recognition or cost recognition will occur down the road. The norm for tech resale, as you know, is it ships in the quarter, revenues in the quarter and usually happens in very short term. You'll see some of these devices that are based on install showing up in our backlog and then rolling out on our backlog, but it will be in the 6 to 9 months timeframe.
Marc Naughton: I don't have that detail in front of me, but normally, you'd probably see it to be 10% of the total revenue of the deal.
Marc Naughton: I don't think it's a prerequisite for our business model. In fact, it's actually -- I would view RevWorks an opportunity for us to utilize some of our software solutions in that space and use bring in our patient accounting in that space as well. So it's not exclusive.
Marc Naughton: No. I think that guidance reflects our view of the forecast and contribution across the board. If there was something lumpy, I'd expect that to be upside.
Marc Naughton: Sean, that's actually pretty hard because a lot of -- there are many of them that are going to hit Stage 1 that may not have bought everything from us they plan to buy. And if they're going to, if they're going to get there once with none Cerner apps in certain places. Zane, do you have some...
Marc Naughton: Yes, I think the majority of our clients are looking at Q4 '11 as being their target for doing Stage 1, getting into the next fiscal year with the federal government. And that the vast majority of our clients are comfortable they're going to get to that Stage 1 level if they've been a client for any period of time. And the new ones, we're working to get them there as well.
Marc Naughton: Sean, this is Marc. I would admit that I have not been keeping up with that case, since there has been no decision, we wouldn't really have any comments until that time. But so I can't really comment on it right now.
Marc Naughton: Yes, I think relative to the mix of size of clients that are coming to market these days, it's pretty broad I think.
Marc Naughton: We're starting to see them show up in our pipeline, and when they show up in our pipeline that usually means a 12 months or so timeframe for them to make a decision, to sign a contract. So I think we will probably look to see more of those beginning in '12 but as Zane indicates, we think that actually can fuel activity after '12 through '13 and '14.
Marc Naughton: We're continuing to look for efficiencies. Certainly, R&D is a very key element to our success and continuing to invest in new things. But as we continue with our revenue, especially at the levels we're growing at now, it's logical that the R&D, as a percent, declines a little bit over time because we just want to make sure we're investing fully in all the opportunities we have.
Marc Naughton: This is Marc. I think given the time we're going to cut off the questions. I've asked Neal to see if he has any closing comments for us.
Zane Burke: This is Zane, Ryan. I would say we're in excess of 50 clients that are in that realm of having both inpatient and outpatient in our large systems.
Zane Burke: This is Zane, Newton. What I would tell you is in many cases it's very helpful to have that local, larger organization that has some sort of affinity that's related to that other organization. And often times those clients are advocates of ours. And we've proven our value, and we're able to use that as a broad reference site. So yes, it does have an advantage for us.
Zane Burke: This is Zane, George, and I would tell you what we continue to see a lot of opportunity here, and did not see that slippage.
Zane Burke: No. In this particular case, this will be more of our MPage view, which you may have heard us talk about.
Zane Burke: Atif, this is Zane. We did in the call, in my comments, mentioned that there was one new RevWorks client this quarter.
Zane Burke: Great question, Jamie. I think we're beginning to see that. So there are about 11 states that have confirmed plans for the Medicaid space. And we're helping to educate the marketplace in that space. I would say there's not as much understanding of what's going on, but it's actually helping to drive some decisions as well.
Zane Burke: What I would say we're doing analysis with each one of our clients on Meaningful Use and helping them determine what they need to hit Stage 1 and Stage 2 as we believe it to exist today. And so I can't give you the exact percentage, I can tell you we're in the midst of that. We're in the middle of that process. The Medicaid element of this has accelerated some of that need to do that now. So we probably will be able to look at that on a going forward mode to give some additional insight. But we're going through that process right now with each one of our clients.
Zane Burke: This is Zane. We actually just came through our review of the business and there is demand across all elements of the business. But in the small markets we've talked about in the community market and actually we are seeing the return of some larger IDNs into the marketplace who have made some decisions previously and are now getting uncomfortable with the technology that provider that they put in place. And that's a trend that we anticipate to continue, as actually some of the larger organizations coming back into the marketplace and looking for somebody they believe can take them to Stage 2, Stage 3 and well beyond.
Zane Burke: I think that's actually part of my commentary. I think this is a much broader marketplace than some had expected that it would be a rush for Meaningful Use, and I think this will play out over the next several years.
Zane Burke: Steve, this is Zane. They would be doing a combination of the 2, depending on their strategy for their physicians.
Zane Burke: Look, remember Steve starting with -- that's the same solution set regardless whether it's PowerWorks or PowerChart Office that's the same code. But yes, you could have both -- they could run both. They could run one or the other, depending on their strategies with their physicians.
Zane Burke: Yes, very much so. In fact, the solution is competitiveness is very strong and on a stand-alone basis we're going after both larger practices as well as single practices.
