Jeff Epstein: Thank you, Ken. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I will review our non-GAAP financial results focusing on U.S. dollar growth rates unless otherwise stated. This quarter, foreign exchange rates were not much of a factor in our overall results compared to our guidance of a 3% benefit to new license revenue and a 4% benefit to total revenue. Even with the currency tailwind being less than anticipated we were at the high end of our guidance range for total revenue and we beat our guidance ranges for new license revenue and EPS with record earnings per share this quarter. On a constant dollar basis, we beat our guidance ranges for new license revenue, total revenue and earnings per share. In short, Q4 was an excellent quarter for Oracle. In the fourth quarter, new software license revenues were $3.1 billion, up 14%. The Americas grew 28%, EMEA was down 3% in U.S. dollars, and up 4% in constant dollars. And Asia was up 15%. Our results continue to underscore the strength, balance and diversity of our business and the quarter was not dependent on usually large deals. Technology new license revenues were $2.3 billion, up 18% as the Americas grew 34%, EMEA was down 1% in U.S. dollars and up 6% in constant dollars and Asia was up 19%. Applications new license revenues were $855 million, up 6% from last year. The Americas grew 16%, EMEA was down 7%, and Asia was up 2%. Our software license updates and product support revenues were $3.5 billion, up 13% from last year. Customer support attachment and renewal rates continue at near record levels. Revenues from our hardware systems products were $1.2 billion, while revenues from hardware system support were $688 million. Our services revenues were $1.1 billion, up 4% as we continue to manage this business to profitable margins. Our total revenues were $9.6 billion, up 40% from last year. Non-GAAP operating income was $4.4 billion, up 26%. The non-GAAP operating margin was 46% for the quarter. Our tax rate for the fourth quarter was 27.3% as we saw some one-time benefits to our tax rate. Our Q4 non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.60, $0.04 above the high end of our EPS guidance range of $0.52 to $0.56. Earnings per share were up 30% from last year. In Q4, we repurchased 10 million shares at an average price of $24.94 per share for a total of $250 million. For the full year, we repurchased 43.3 million shares at an average price of $22.94 per share for a total of $993 million. As we have previously discussed the rate of our stock buyback will fluctuate each quarter, taking into account alternative uses for our cash and our stock price. Now, turning briefly to fiscal 2010 full year results, new software license revenues were $7.5 billion, up 6% for the year. The Americas were up 15%, EMEA down 5%, and Asia grew 4%. Technology new license revenues were $5.4 billion, up 6% while applications new license revenues were $2.1 billion, also up 6%. Software license updates and product support revenues totaled $13.2 billion, up 10%. Our total revenues were $27.0 billion, up 15%. Non-GAAP operating income was $12.5 billion, up 15% and non-GAAP operating margin was 46%. Our fiscal 2010 non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.67, up 16% from last year. Turning to the balance sheet, we have $18.5 billion in cash and investments. Our day’s sales outstanding improved again to 53 days compared to 58 days last year and is a testament to the quality of our receivables, the quality of our customers, and the effectiveness of our collection efforts. Finally, we generated $8.5 billion in free cash flow during the last four quarters, up 9% from last year. Now, I will turn the call over to Safra.
Jeff Epstein: Well, yes, let me correct that. We didn’t eliminate the Sun channel at all, that’s not exactly what we are doing. What we said was over time there would be a gradual shift to a more direct mix of business that Oracle normally sees. So pre-Sun anywhere from 40% to 43% normally in a given quarter of our business goes through indirect channel. So we’ve had a strong channel for many, many years. It’s important to our business. Sun was much, much higher than that. For large customers, we want to service them directly. So there will be a shift toward our number over time, but nothing dramatic in one quarter. Nothing to disrupt the flow of business. So that shift has started, but again it will take some time.
Jeff Epstein: Correct. Those partners are adding value and we want – the ones that are adding value, we want to continue to work with for many years.Joel Fishbein – Lazard Capital Markets: Thank you.
Safra Catz: Thanks, Jeff. I will briefly comment on our non-GAAP results for Q4. I will then review guidance for Q1 and turn the call over to Larry. Obviously, we are very pleased with our Q4 results and with our outstanding performance throughout the year. Our business is extremely healthy with substantial strength in database, middlewares, apps, and hardware. Our tech business, highlighted by database was spectacular this quarter, with growth of 18%, including 34% growth in the Americas. Our applications business was also strong with 5% growth over the last 12 months on a constant dollar basis versus a negative 24% for SAP for our most recent quarter. Sun hardware systems revenue came in well, taking into account the fact that we’ve already ended Sun's reselling of other companies’ products, which had historically accounted for hundreds of millions of dollars a year in sales. This quarter, we saw sales growth for Sun hardware products. In addition, our estimate for the Sun business contribution to operating income comes in at over $400 million for our first full quarter after the merger. This compares to the loss in Sun’s quarter ending June of last year when Sun was an independent company. Now, to get to that number, we’ve done some allocations for the quarter and because a lot of our back office and software R&D and software sales operations have already been integrated with Oracle’s pre-merger team, now in the coming quarter some of the expense estimates may really be too difficult to make, but we will break out the revenues and the segregated expenses whenever possible for the remainder of this year. Clearly, we continue to expect Sun’s contribution to meet or exceed $1.5 billion for non-GAAP operating income in fiscal 2011 and $2 billion in fiscal ’12. We’ve also made excellent progress with our supply chain efficiency efforts as the non-GAAP gross margins for systems was 46%, much, much higher than the 33% we reported last quarter. And as a remainder, Sun’s product gross margin, which included software margin was 38% last year. In addition to our strong top line performance, we delivered very strong operating margins. With Sun included for the full quarter, our operating margin was 46%, substantially higher than our peers including IBM and SAP. Our 46% operating margin remains much higher than SAP’s even though we are also selling hardware. Fiscal 2010 again demonstrates the strength of our diversified portfolio of enterprise products, the breadth and loyalty of our huge customer base and the strength of our operating model. The fact is we have a lot of company-specific momentum. We really executed well throughout the year and exceeded our own expectations quarter after quarter. Now before I turn to guidance for the upcoming year, let me just remind everyone that our plans for Sun is based on a more profit aware model. As we said a number of times, we are no longer selling products at a loss as Sun did. We are now compensating our sales teams on margin, not just revenue, and this has the effect of changing the sales mix from systems where Sun lost money to value-added systems where Sun’s differentiation is clear to our customer. These changes are allowing us to form a base line for our hardware revenues and profitability at a level from which they can grow. So, let’s get to the guidance. And we do believe that the guidance I am giving today is conservative. I want to emphasize that our pipelines are very strong in both software and hardware. For the coming quarter, assuming the exchange rates remain at current levels, which right now is a negative 2% currency effect on license growth rate and a negative 3% effect on total revenue growth rate. With that, our guidance for Q1 is as follows: New software license revenue growth is expected to range from 4% to 14% in constant currency and 2% to 12% at current exchange rates. Hardware product revenues are expected to be around $1 billion in constant currency. That doesn’t include the hardware support revenues. Total revenue growth on a non-GAAP basis is expected to range from 44% to 48% in constant currency and 41% to 45% in current exchange rates. On a GAAP basis, we expect total revenue from 42% to 46% in constant currency and 39% to 43% at current exchange rate. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $0.36 to $0.38 in constant currency, up from $0.30 last year, and from $0.35 to $0.37 assuming current exchange rates. GAAP EPS for the first quarter is expected to be $0.18 to $0.19 assuming constant currency and $0.17 to $0.18 using current exchange rates. This guidance assumes a GAAP tax rate of 33.5% and a non-GAAP tax rate of 28.5%. Of course, it may end up being different. And lastly, the Board again declared a dividend of $0.05 per share. With that I will turn it over to Larry for his comments.
Safra Catz: Well, of course, you know, you all have become accustomed to the fact that we sell a lot more software, but we don’t increase our cost structure very, very much. Sun and our own business generated a lot of new software sales. I mean so that on its face ignoring the hardware would lead to higher – to improved operating margin. And then we have the hardware business, which is clearly – we are making it at the gross margin line, we are making it at the operating expense line, we are making it all around. But this is a scale business. And the more we grow in scale, our software business frankly does, more we grow in scale as a hardware business our operating margins will improve. You just need to look at our history for the past few years and it shows up sort of all around, hardware and software business.
Safra Catz: Well, there is no question we need to get some sort of a base line for the hardware business, but you need to understand that we are also selling differentiated products with a lot of new differentiated products, both out and coming out. And Exadata is one of those types of products. So, obviously, I am not going to recommend you get ahead of my guidance, that is the reason I am giving you guidance. It’s what we actually think we are going to do. But we will need a year to understand the amount of seasonality that there is in the hardware business. We don’t have full visibility and as I did mention, we are not – we are no longer reselling other – some products that were other people’s products, which Sun sold for hundreds of millions of dollars a year. And so that has to be – we need a year without that for you to get a base line. But in general, we feel that – we already see it. Customers are buying a lot of hardware now. They are very, very loyal to the technology that they love. And now that they know that it has a future and that we are investing an enormous amount in continuing these lines, and in enhancing them, they are much more comfortable making those investments again. So, you can see sequentially we are not projecting a very large decline, which in our software business we usually are between Q4 and Q1 because we have some hardware specific momentum we are very upbeat about. But we will need a year to understand pipelines and conversion rates, et cetera, and see how we come out as well as to be able to measure some of these new products and how they are taking off.
Safra Catz: Yes, we – well, we announced new pricing, which was very, very well received. Gartner wrote an excellent report on it and customers have sort of adopted it very much. It’s considered extremely competitive. A lot of customers that had not been on support from Sun have come to Sun, have come back to Sun. And the attach rates are increasing. So, there is definitely value to Sun’s support for hardware and software and customers are recognizing that and attach rates are increasing. And we are starting to increase even further.
Safra Catz: You know, for us as I said before, it’s very hard for us to parse the line, to make a line between Oracle’s company-specific momentum and the overall market. Our customers are very, very sort of happy right now and they are showing that by investing in more and more of our products. This is sort of a consistent message. We got the exact same question a quarter ago and a quarter ago. And there is no question that the quarter started off very well for us already. And I think that we are not economists here, we just sell software and hardware. So far, our customers are making very significant investments and there are a lot of customers looking at our products right now, very, very seriously and making buying decisions literally as we speak. So, I don’t know if anybody else wants to take a stab at the economy question, but things are going well here guys, which I think is clearly obvious.
Sarah Friar – Goldman Sachs: Terrific. Thanks for taking my questions. Just first on Sun maintenance, or it feels as if you still have a lot of low-hanging fruit, now that you've got a quarter under your belt, what are you seeing in terms of trends in pricing and maintenance and then attach rates? And then I have a very quick followup after this, if I may.
Sarah Friar – Goldman Sachs: Yes, exactly, Sun maintenance, so what you are seeing in terms of pricing ability and then attach rates, which I think we are quite weak, before you took on Sun.
Sarah Friar – Goldman Sachs: Great. And then if I could, a followup, just very big picture. You are clearly one of the big tech bellwethers. Your views on the environment hold a lot of weight. Are you seeing any change on the margin, not even just Europe specific but just on the margin in terms of customers’ willingness to spend today versus a month ago, versus may be two months ago, because clearly the market is saying that they are very concerned right now.
