Mark Hurd: Thanks much, Safra. So in the spirit of giving you just a blizzard of numbers, I’m going to extend that. Because our strong cloud bookings deferred revenue growth will lead to revenue acceleration in the second-half and next year, we talked about a 38% year-on-year double-digit growth. Our billings grew 68%, and again, this give you a number, Salesforce grew 21% and Workday 41%, we grew 68%. Bookings $284 in USD. In cloud 75% growth. Let me give you some customer numbers. We added 857 new SaaS customers in the quarter, 720 customer expansions. Our installed base is now over 10,000 customers. Over 3,000 of these are Fusion and almost 50% of our bookings in dollars are now Fusion. In HCM, we added 211 customers, growing faster than Workday, CX 409 customers. In ERP, we added 311 customers. We are now over 1,500 customers are installed base. 450 are now live, 5X Workdays, 90. ERP and EPM more than half of our Q2 wins did not have Oracle on-premise apps, mean that in one quarter, we sold more net new customers than Workday did in its lifetime. In PaaS, we added 1,343 new PaaS customers, 4,100 now over the last 12 months. Bookings are 100 million in USD and 75% of what we sold is now subscription, non-metered, 25% metered, our PaaS business is scaling nicely. Now, I’m going to review a bunch of names. I just want you to get a context for sort of the brands we closed in the quarter. In ERP, Blue Shield of California, DHL, FDIC, McKesson, Toshiba, Mitsubishi Electric, [indiscernible], a very large phone company in France, a very large industrial manufacturing company, perhaps the largest in the world with over a $130 billion of revenue. In HCM, AAA, Allergan, City of Aspen, Crocs, think of many of these now that I’m naming again beats against Workday, Exelon, Kaiser, McGraw Hill, Genesis actually a replacement of Workday, Brocade, More HCM, the United Nations, Stanford University. In CX, AmBev – CXP and being customer experience, AmBev, Expedia, Halliburton, Lufthansa, Maersk, Motorola Solutions, Sears, Toshiba Mitsubishi and United Airlines. In PaaS, Anthem, IKEA, Kaiser, Kia Motors, Maersk, Qantas, Symantec and Windstream, I could have named a lot more. I just wanted to give you a flavor for what we did in the quarter. Just to wrap up and connect a few dots for you on the Oracle Saas/PaaS cloud, we are currently at a $2.6 billion run rate in total cloud revenue. It’s likely our quarterly run rate will exit the year around $3.2 billion, and we’ll grow further after Q1 bookings. We will book roughly a 1.5 – more than 1.5 million in ARO this fiscal year, 1.5 billion, sorry, thank you, billion. If we continue to book the way we expect, we should see our first $1 billion quarter for SaaS/PaaS revenue next year. Gross deferred revenue is now nearly $1.1 billion. That is up 135% year-on-year and 9% quarter-on-quarter. Gross margin improved sequentially, as Safra described 40% to 43%. We’re headed to 60%, and then as Safra described on to 80%. With that, I’ll turn it over to Larry.
Mark Hurd: Yes, you know, it has the right from the start it’s going to be strong, because you’re going to wind up with our Q4 at the revenue rate that that we just gave you some guidance on, you have the bookings on top of it. And when you start Q1 and into Q2, you can already do the math on what the comparison is going to look like. So it’s going to be a strong year and particularly strong start.
Mark Hurd: Okay. Well, let me tell you confident that will be my answer to your question. Our pipeline, I think, I mentioned this at Financial Analyst Day, but I’m going to mention it again. Our pipeline, I can’t come up with a better analytical statement then just huge. And so our pipeline now is multiple billions of dollars, let me give you more color. If I look at the next six months our pipeline of things that are in the next six months funnel, you have a multi-billion dollar funnel and our conversion rate is increased. So that would tell you. And our business has become skilled enough or just to be clear that, it now is behaving like a large business begins to in terms of the scale of funnel, the pipeline, the discipline we have, the conversion rates we have et cetera. So that would be sort of my view on that on. On PaaS, we have had a change to your point of going away from metered to subscription of bookings. So the bookings are now the bulk, as I mentioned is a 75% now subscription as opposed to metered. And I would say the usage of our PaaS has increased not significantly, but sort of geometrically, meaning that it’s gone from when we originally started the usage to jumped up over the last four or six months, I’d say to where the usage is extremely hot, extremely high in terms of the increase of our usage. So it’s very exciting both in the bookings, the type of bookings, and the usage that we’re seeing of what’s booked.
Mark Hurd: Well, it’s hard to get, I’m going to make this. This is going to be like the fifth time I’ve said this. But I’m going to try it again that in SaaS overall, we’re just better overall. We have more people. We’re well trained. Our products are matured, and we have a lot of references. Our position in ERP is just unique. We don’t have a competitor per se. I use these metrics to against Workday just to describe to you how expedientially far ahead of our sort of only person I can think of that’s built the product. Just to be clear in ERP SaaS, I don’t ever – I’m not trying to say it or might have somebody she knows or Larry might know. So I mean, don’t see SAP. I now in the market a lot. I don’t see him. So I don’t know what they’re working on, but it’s not ERP SaaS. In HCM, I think, we are continue to just get better and better and better. I mentioned, because I had a blizzard of names that I may have done myself with this service by mentioning so many names. But in the companies we actually replaced Workday. So imagine in a period of time Workday so – sorry, in HCM, we replaced Workday. So we continue to get better and better and better at HCM, and now we’re beginning to see a lot of deals better where you’re selling ERP and HCM is attached to the ERP sale. So because of ERP being a – in many ways a very strategic, very sticky sale, we now see our attach rates moving up and up and up where somebody buys ERP and they buy HCM at the same time. The scale of our Fusion products and the reason I gave you that metric for the first time is it is now a very high, it’s not beginning to become a reasonable percent of our total portfolio versus everything that we’ve got, including marketing, which is having a great run as you know. But I add to it the fact that now the Fusion products, which are extremely sticky, almost 50% of our total bookings. So, I mean, I could feel like you keep going down these metrics for you. But I think we’re unique in ERP and getting further ahead, I mean, we’re at a point now we have over 1,500 customers, and we’ll give you a prognostication where we end the year. But I – it’s going to be well over 2,000, I guess, it did. It’s going to be well over 2,000. We’re getting better and better at HCM. We’re in a leadership position in marketing. I feel good about where we sit.
Mark Hurd: Well, we see our customers with a much higher uptake of 12.2 simply because they have two key features that are very important to our customers. One is the In-Memory aspect of the database, where now have the PaaS’ In-Memory database. And the way you take advantage of that, you take any existing Oracle application and you run it without change on 12.2, and it runs much, much fast – it runs in memory without changing. So other people say, we’ll use market in-memory database. We have to rewrite the application. In this case, you don’t have to rewrite the application, you press the button. We run much faster and by the way we went faster in the competition. So we have a lot of our customers wanted to take advantage of in-memory acceleration, that’s one of the reasons they buy the new version of the database. The other thing is multi-tenancy. They’d like to do a lot of consolidation there, but a lot of small databases. They’d like to run on one machine and you can do that much more efficiently by running the Oracle database with multiple tenants. You consume less hardware resources that’s easier to manage. You can backup a whole suite of databases as a group of databases is one, it’s thoroughly automated. So that’s the other major reason we see a very rapid uptake. And finally, we’re seeing our customers, as our PaaS business begins to increase in adoption. The customer wants to run the latest version of the database in the cloud and they want to match that up with the latest version of the database in their data center. They want to run this basically the same technology, both in our cloud in our – and their data center. And that’s one of the unique value propositions that we offer our cloud customers the same exact technology on-premise and in the cloud. And those things will then co-exist for years and years to come. Then the customers are seeking up their version. We have a latest version in the cloud. They want the latest version on-premise. That’s also accelerating the adoption of the database on-premise.
Mark Hurd: Yes, U.S. was fine. I think to your point, Asia was strong. We’ve been doing our team as we talked about this before. We’ve been doing a lot of rebuilding in Asia and then has really shown promise for us and the results reflect that in the quarter. Europe had a solid quarter overall excellent results from the cloud and U.S. was fine, we would be able to describe it. In the Americas, as Safra’s point, you have the inclusion of Latin America, which is a great organization. It’s done a great job. They’re gaining share. In fact, if I look at every sort of metric we have in Latin America, we gain share in virtually every category we compete in the Latin America. But within the context of the quarter, the situation in Brazil is tough, which is reflected in these overall Americas results that you’re describing.
Mark Hurd: Well, my inclination to answer to your question, yes. But let me try to describe sort of what’s happening. We talked a bit this a little bit at financial Analyst Day. The good news about ERP or ERP suite is it’s still not available, it’s just going into other geographies. So with the last release we had, we now brought on manufacturing and supply chain. We’re now releasing the product for sale in some like, for example, in Brazil and some European countries. So we actually get some geographic expansion with the last release we had. So this is actually good news. The strong in this case actually get stronger. We actually now have material number of references. I think I mentioned, but I’m going to try again. We have over now 450 customers wide. This is a big, big metric. Our market also expands in a couple of ways with ERP, which makes it so important. We get two increases on our total available market, one is what you mentioned, the fact that we actually get to go down market now. And, yes, we do have broad market expansion. We get to compete for companies that otherwise would never have had 90 staff couldn’t have assembled in ERP system, we now get to compete. We also now remember when were in an ERP system, we were in the hardware we win everything, we win the whole stack. So our TAM really goes up on total available market on two dimensions, the total stack in addition to our ability to compete down market. Now that’s broad based, I – that’s why I specifically used the names I did. Our success is not unique to mid-market or up-market, it’s really both I mentioned the name of the biggest tele – I didn’t mention the name very, very big telephone company in France very big industrial company, these are huge companies at the same time as we have $50 million company that are moving to our cloud ERP. So it is broad-based success across geographies. But the good news, I believe, I think we’re just really getting started.
Mark Hurd: Well, again, I said we’d – in my short remark before we start the Q&A I said that we will be delivering innovations and infrastructure as a service. And we have a next-generation data center that we’ve been architecting and building, in fact, with actually put out the data centers actually kind of up and running. There are actually three data centers what we call on availability zone, they’re all connected by a fiber-optic ring. And the thing we’ve really that we focused on a number of things, obviously availability, performance, but security are all things you would expect us to focus on. The big surprise – the big surprise, as we think, we would be by far the lowest cost provider of infrastructure as a service. We think we’ve been in this business a very long time. We’re very focused. This is our data – this is data center version two. We’ve been doing this for a while now. And we think that our cost of delivering infrastructure as a service in the cloud much, much, much lower than anyone else’s cost with this new architecture. And with these new data centers, we’ll be passing that on to our customers.
Safra Catz: Yes, Heather, in fact it will accelerate very strongly, it can’t help itself. Our bookings are so strong. We’ve had so many contracts already, and we’ll be recognizing those basically regardless of how bookings go and, of course, as you can see our bookings are also accelerating. So but, yes, we’re going to have a phenomenal as far as 2017 in the cloud business. Thank you.
Safra Catz: So, okay, so let’s backup. It is all. The bulk of the SaaS and PaaS margin improvement is because we’re now recognizing revenues for which a much, much large revenues for which we have already paid for many of the cost. And so we built up an infrastructure that can handle massive amount of usage, significantly more usage, and we have not been able to recognize revenue, because we’re recognizing it ratably. As we scale, this is absolutely an area where it is inevitable that we – that – this improves. In addition, we also have efficiency gains at all times, but that is again because of our larger scale and those are simply current use of scale. But the bulk of it is, we’re starting to be able to recognize revenues for which we have already invested. As how many points, actually the impact on operating income for us was quite significant from a currency point of view. But hold on, I’m doing the math, Q3, I don’t know, I’ve got to actually do it on our margins. I have to do it while you’re talking, while other people are talking, and then I’ll give you the exact answer at that point how much of it was…
Safra Catz: No, you are also looking at the Americas, no. So, for example, hardware revenues particularly problematic for us in Latin America seems like that. So while you look at the Americas, you are actually seeing Latin America, which has issues, of course…
