Larry Ellison: Thanks, Safra, and great job. Your team delivered a spectacular Q4. Clearly, our strategy to develop cloud applications with cloud infrastructure is now beginning to drive top line revenue growth to go along with years of consistent double-digit earnings per share growth. Our strategy is as easy to explain as it is technically challenging to implement. That’s a good thing. If it wasn’t hard to do, others would be able to do it. Our strategy and applications depends on Oracle becoming the world’s largest provider of cloud ERP systems. Then, building upon that strong ERP foundation, we’re going to expand into manufacturing, CRM and industry-specific applications. We are successfully executing this strategy. Oracle Fusion and NetSuite are now the world’s two most popular cloud ERP systems. SAP, the leader in on-premise ERP, never rewrote their ERP system for the cloud. This has caused hundreds of customers to abandon SAP and migrate to Oracle Fusion ERP. That’s already happened. But over the coming months, several more major banks and utilities and a lot of other companies will complete their Oracle Fusion implementation projects and go live on Fusion ERP. Oracle is taking massive amounts of share away from SAP ERP. It’s crucial to our future. While our Fusion and NetSuite [Technical Difficulty] have long been growing, we have also developed a complete new generation of cloud application suites. Our new manufacturing systems fully support and manage automated robotic factories. No one else does that. Our new cloud CRM applications help you sell more by fully automated internet advertising, lead generation and qualification. Nobody else does that. And we’re launching cloud application suites for 2 new industries, health care, and state and local government. Our health care initiative is an outgrowth of the national public health management systems that we built to manage the COVID-19 vaccine clinical trials and vaccine distribution in the United States and in other countries around the world. In summary, our cloud application portfolio is more complete than other apps vendors and better integrated because almost all of our applications were developed internally, not acquired. Our infrastructure strategy depends on AI technology, specifically, neural networks and machine learning that we use to develop second generation autonomous cloud services, such as the Oracle Autonomous Database, the Oracle Autonomous Linux operating system and an array of autonomous cybersecurity defense bots that automatically identify and neutralize cyber attacks. All of Oracle’s cloud applications then run within the defensive perimeter of Oracle’s autonomous cloud infrastructure, the most reliable and secure platform in the world. And that’s increasingly important in a world plagued by cyber warfare, data theft and ransomware. Oracle’s Autonomous Database and other autonomous services eliminate human labor. No human labor means no human error or opportunity for human mischief. Autonomy makes computer systems and cars much safer and more reliable. The Oracle Autonomous Database offers 99.995% availability. That means only a few minutes of downtime a year. And we have zero downtime security patching and upgrades, available today for infrastructure and very soon available for all of our applications. Economics is also important. OCI has, by far, the best cost performance of any infrastructure hyperscaler. That’s why so many service providers, like Zoom, have chosen to expand into OCI. OCI’s cost performance is continuously getting better. Our new version of MySQL, the world’s most popular open-source database, just got between 10 and 100 times faster. And when you charge by the minute, every minute you don’t use is money saved. Our new ARM microprocessors from technology partner Ampere delivers much better compute cost performance than either Intel or AMD, and by far, the lowest energy usage of any server microprocessor in the world. So, our latest infrastructure technologies are Good for our applications, good for your budget, good for the health of the planet and very good for Oracle’s future. Back to you, Safra.
Larry Ellison: Yes. This is Larry. There are more new customers than upgrades from on-premise ERP with Oracle Fusion. So, it’s probably about 60-40, in the 60s, it’s probably not quite two to one new customers, but most of the -- a majority of the business is coming from new customers. We’re also upgrading our installed base of the E-Business Suite and PeopleSoft and JD Edwards to Fusion. But again, more revenue is coming from new customers, [Technical Difficulty] customers, people like that. They are coming from our on-premise installed base. So, that’s really the trend. And we think that trend is actually going to accelerate in favor of new customers because the SAP migration phenomenon is relatively recent in the last 12 months -- over the last two years, but it’s really accelerating now in the last 12 months. So, we think that’s going to hold. So, another way to look at it is it’s a very -- as people migrate to Oracle Fusion ERP and smaller companies migrate to NetSuite ERP, these are both enormous businesses. Fusion ERP, I mean, it is certainly much bigger than $10 billion -- and NetSuite is bigger than $10 billion, Fusion is probably bigger than $20 billion as these businesses mature.
Larry Ellison: I’d like to add one thing. We almost never lose a competitive ERP deal in the cloud, virtually never.
Larry Ellison: Okay. I mean, it’s really easy to remember. About half of it’s database, half of it’s everything else. So, I mean everything else -- I mean, the database, you understand. They’re lifting and shifting existing database workloads and developing new Oracle Database workloads on OCI. The other thing varies from things like Zoom who have moved over, but also in simulations, and we’re very, very good at running simulation software. So, almost -- so a large number of car companies have moved all of their PaaS simulations to the Oracle Cloud because we do it faster and cheaper than any other cloud. So, we have actually a pretty balanced portfolio right now where we have the Oracle database contributing to half of the workloads running on -- running in OCI and the other half is a variety of new customers doing new applications, not database related.
Larry Ellison: And I want to emphasize one thing, I said it, but I want to say it again, is there are new Oracle workloads being developed, especially in the area of genomics where there have been a number of new databases moved to Oracle and OCI that track things like the genetic variants of COVID-19. But, there are a number of these things, and you’ll see a whole series of announcements coming out where we’ve moved aggressively into health care, and one of the big new applications for our database is just -- is tracking the genomics of pathogens, and those databases are being developed right on Oracle Autonomous Database from scratch.
Larry Ellison: Well, the Autonomous Database only runs in the cloud. It does not run on-premise. It doesn’t run on -- even at the Exadata appliance. It runs on [Technical Difficulty] or public cloud. So right now, the public cloud is the most popular route for Autonomous Database and Cloud@Customer is becoming more popular as people scale up, so. But right now, the most popular way to use Autonomous Database is in the OCI public cloud.
Safra Catz: Yes, and as far as where it’s happening, I have to tell you, it is so broad-based. It is a worldwide phenomenon for us. Our Fusion, NetSuite are just chugging along. It was an incredible, incredible Q4, and Q1 looks enormous. So imagine, bookings are way up, and there’s just a lot of success. We have so many customers that have gone live. So, we have references from some of the largest companies in the world to really small or medium-sized companies that it’s pretty consistent, almost any prospect can find many companies just like it already being incredibly successful. And I think that, frankly, the pandemic taught many of our prospects and customers that moving quickly is really required these days. I think that folks used to think moving quickly is risky. I think, they really saw that they had to move to much more modern, flexible, digital businesses, and that we are the [Technical Difficulty] destination for them for the back-office without a doubt.
Safra Catz: Keith, thank you. First of all, thank you for [Technical Difficulty]. The reality is that any customer that is really focused on performance, security like Larry mentioned, and cost, which happens to show up in many, many workloads, one of the areas we’re doing particularly well are ISVs who are obviously experts at running their workloads. They’re in the business and they are coming to us extensively because they’re really studying the benefits that we bring them. And of course, as I mentioned and as we never stop mentioning, security with what’s going on these days. You really have to be in a cloud that is basically obsessed with security while still giving you incredible performance at lower cost. I mean, once we are given a try, what happens is the workload comes, one workload comes, and it’s usually followed by many others. And so, it’s -- we’ve got a lot of momentum, let’s say.
Safra Catz: Sure. So, first of all, I have two new leaders in Europe, Middle East, Africa. I have a very refreshed and new and really successful management team in Europe. And they are pretty much firing on all cylinders. It is extremely broad throughout Europe, Middle East, all of EMEA. [Technical Difficulty] tell you incredible strength worldwide. Latin America doing phenomenally; Japan doing phenomenally; as a result, JPAC doing very, very well; and of course, led by North America. I have to tell you, it’s been an amazing year. It was a phenomenal quarter, but truly an amazing year worldwide. And I’m more than satisfied. I am delighted by the results of the team. And for me, this was my first full year with the field. So, I really applaud the team for doing a spectacular job worldwide.
Safra Catz: Yes, Raimo, you are so right. Q4, but really, it’s just coming together all around, the RPO. I’m glad [Technical Difficulty] really, really strong bookings are -- were truly enormous. Obviously, they don’t show up in the income statement right away, but they -- the future is just so positive. And you might have heard me, I was hinting to that in my comments. And one of the reasons we’re so comfortable leaning into our investment because we really want to make sure we’ve got the capacity to take on the enormous amount of bookings that are flying in and that both were [Technical Difficulty] during the year and are going on line, and so, will be recognized over this next year and beyond. But, there is just an enormous backlog for us of customers that are going live and that will start consuming and we’re very optimistic. So, thank you so much for asking, and I’m glad you noticed that.
