Safra Catz: Thanks Jeff. As you can all see we had another fantastic quarter. I would like to first address our performance excluding Sun as this relates directly to the guidance we provided last quarter and then I will highlight a few points related to Sun.  For starters, as Jeff mentioned we exceeded the high point of our new license guidance with 10% growth in software licenses excluding Sun. This clearly shows substantial strength in the database, Middleware and applications business. We also beat the high end of our total revenue guidance with consistent strength in our update and support renewals. Results for our application business were nothing short of stunning. We grew 21% while SAP continued to shrink at a double digit pace. Our applications business is doing very well in all regions and in all verticals and it is truly no wonder SAP is so unhappy.  In addition to our strong top line performance we delivered very strong operating margins. With Sun included our operating margin was 45%, substantially higher than our peers including IBM. Our operating margin remains much higher than SAP’s targets and we are now selling hardware. Regarding Sun, as you all know the transaction closed at the end of January so our Q3 results for Sun reflect a one-month period of February which would have been in the middle of their Q3.  Sun’s revenues for February were $596 million which was far better than we expected and clearly demonstrates to us that customers are responding well to the acquisition. We believe the Oracle/Sun integration is off to a very strong start. We are moving forward quickly to implement the operational changes we described for you on January 27th and we continue to expect Sun to contribute $1.5 billion in non-GAAP operating income in fiscal year 2011 and $2 billion in fiscal year 2012.  Now before I turn to guidance let me just remind everyone our plans for the Sun business are based on a more profit aware model. We will no longer be selling products at a loss as Sun did. As we promised in January we have already ended or modified arrangements where Sun resold other company’s products at a loss. Just this change will immediately mean more profit on lower revenue.  Second, we are now compensating our sales teams on margin not just revenue. That has an effect of changing the sales mix from commodity systems where Sun lost money to value added systems where Sun’s differentiation is clear to our customers. These two changes will baseline our hardware revenues and profitability at a level from which it will start to grow significantly next year.  Now let me turn to guidance which will include Sun. We believe the guidance I am giving today is conservative. I want to emphasize our pipelines are strong in both software and hardware and the close rates I am using for software are more conservative than typical Q4 close rates for software.  For the coming quarter assuming the exchange rates remain at current levels we expect there to be almost 3% positive currency effect on license growth rates and almost 4% effect on total revenue growth rate.  With that our guidance for Q4 is as follows: New software license revenue growth is expected to range from 3-13% at current exchange rates and flat to up 10% in constant currency. Hardware product revenues are expected to range from $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion at current exchange rates and actually at constant currency. These numbers exclude hardware support revenues. These are just the hardware product revenues.  Total revenue growth on a non-GAAP basis is expected to range from 36% to 41% at current exchange rates and 32% to 37% in constant currency. On a GAAP basis we expected total revenue growth from 35-40% at current exchange rates and 31% to 36% in constant currency. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $0.52 to $0.56 assuming current exchange rates, up from $0.46 last year and from $0.50 to $0.54 in constant currency. GAAP EPS for the fourth quarter is expected to be $0.37 to $0.41 using current exchange rates and $0.35 to $0.39 assuming constant currency.  This guidance assumes a GAAP to non-GAAP tax rate of 28% for Q4 but may end up lower. Lastly, the board again declared a dividend of $0.05 per share. With that I will turn it over to Larry for his comments. 
Safra Catz: I think really we are ahead on sort of all fronts operationally. Both our business practices are being adopted really as of day one and just operationally the way we work with our customers has already changed. As you know we have moved to a build to order model versus a build to stock model. We are not encouraging stocking in general even with our resellers such that customers can order exactly the box they want and that way we can optimize for the time it takes them exactly that box. That obviously also reduces any kind of obsolescence or inventory issues for us. That is really in place now for awhile and really moving along very, very quickly.  The regular contractual terms, etc. and the way we are working with our partners many of them recognize that the old model really didn’t work for either them or for customers and surely not for Sun and are very, very open to readjusting those and many of those have already been completely adjusted; faster than I originally expected.  As far as maintenance or product support, it turns out that many of our customers are really in need of a higher quality of support that really only Sun can give them in the Sun/Oracle combination and they are really looking to support, that is both hardware and software integrated more and more. So we are really moving ahead both technically and operationally to be able to deliver a more integrated support model for them. We do expect that customers will be, are very happy to purchase their support directly from Sun and not from others simply because the level of support and engineering support they need really can best, if not only be done by us at Oracle. We expect that to be very significant financially ultimately and that should start in the quarter. 
Safra Catz: It is 10% as reported so you need to take away I think it was five points of currency and license so it would be five points of constant currency. 
Safra Catz: Actually in Q3 we were really flat to last year’s close rates. We actually are seeing some pretty optimistic customers. Our pipeline is very big and the close rates I am using really are conservative and they are particularly conservative because as you know Q4 at Oracle is always a very big quarter and because the reps are all motivated to close as much as they can for their comp plan. So I just thought we might as well go with a reasonably conservative close rate but a potentially realistic one. We are actually quite optimistic about our customer’s appetites for our products. I am not going to comment on the whole economy. I don’t know the whole economy but we do find a lot of enthusiasm with our customers and deals do look like they are very good size in general. 
Safra Catz: Actually the reason we didn’t give you a breakout is we really merged these companies fast. We just closed those and any kind of breakout would be really an allocation of a lot of different things. I will tell you the best way for you to judge what is going to happen is both to use our guidance and also to really look at what Q4 was. This Q3 if you think about it, it was February. By the time everybody knew where the water fountain was it was half way through February. So there is no way to extrapolate from this Q3 anywhere. Breaking it out is really not possible. You know us. We start integrating right away. Everybody is an Oracle employee as much as possible.  Obviously selling hardware has lower gross margins than selling software regardless. There is no way to compare it. Our expenses are not a big number in comparison to our revenues so operating margins at least for awhile will be lower and you can figure that out from the guidance. Expenses grow quickly. But our revenues are growing quickly also and we will be able to really better extrapolate after you see Q4 frankly. 
Safra Catz: First of all I want to make sure you understand that the Sun product line continues in its current form. There is no cutting back on the Sun product line beyond where we are at. Those products are actually expanding. We have some incredible products coming up. The focus of Oracle and the Oracle/Sun combination is on reselling our intellectual property. So if you understand that then you realize in most places, there are certain areas in which obviously we have components from third parties in our equipment and all that but the real value is in our intellectual property and the way we bring it all together, etc.  That is the focus of the company. We do resell some other folks’ products. We are still winding down the resale of the Hitachi storage servers. Obviously we are very focused on our customers and for those there will be a very steady wind down period. We are managing those together with Hitachi who has been a very long partner of Oracle and Sun and things are going very well there. The big focus of selling other people’s storage servers, that focus is really going to be going onto some of our own products that we talked about already.  That is already in place. There are a few other reselling of other people’s software and things like that and as you know that is not what we focus on here at Oracle. So most of it is already disappearing outside of our sales. Again, don’t extrapolate anything from the month of February. Really, we will start to look at this more carefully and really spend some time to get a sense of what our business looks like after Q4. 
Lawrence Ellison: Thank you Safra. I thought I would review our strategy in two markets where we are not currently the market leader. The first market is high end servers where IBM is our primary competitor and the other is business applications where SAP is our primary competitor.  Let me start with servers. Since we acquired Sun we have embarked on putting together clusters of some hardware running with our database and Middleware software. That is, we have a collection of some machines interconnected by a modern antenna band network talking to storage also connected to the servers using a modern antenna band network. Exadata is the best example of this clustered architecture where we have collections of machines, storage and networks all built together with the software [in tune] for the software.  What we have been able to do with Exadata and there will be other clusters like Exadata coming out for Middleware applications pretty much all the software that we sell. It is not uncommon for an Exadata benchmark to be going up against a big IBM P-series machine to beat them by a factor of ten because they just don’t have a clustered architecture. They have stuck with kind of an old fashioned SMP architecture for transaction processing. We are taking advantage of new technologies. Not just [inaudible] by the way but Flash, very large scale integrated memories and you will see all of that has allowed us to deliver stunning performance using if you will commodity parts.  Not only do we run much faster than the IBM P-series but also our architecture gives clusters around multiple servers, multiple pieces of storage [inaudible] there is no single point of sale here so it is much more reliable while delivering this fantastic performance. Finally it is much lower in cost because the components themselves if you will are from a lot of these components; disk drives, memory and processors which we assemble with our software. So we again think we can challenge IBM on the high end of the server market with better performance, lower cost and much more reliability.  In applications SAP is the leader. But their technology that they use for their applications is a proprietary technology, a German programming language called ABAP where later this year, and that is a 25 year old technology that is still the center of their architecture and strategy for applications going forward is ABAP. The center of our strategy going forward is Java and a modern service oriented architecture.  During this calendar year we will deliver our Fusion applications. We have been working on them for awhile and we have written in Java all of our accounting software, all of our supply chain software, all of our HR software, our sales automation, service automation software has all been rewritten in Java with a modern service related architecture. We are going to go compete with SAP’s 25 year old technology. The interesting thing is we are competing quite well against SAP now. We think once we deliver Fusion we are going to be well positioned to challenge for the number one slot.  One of the important things about our Fusion applications is they are designed not simply to run on premise which of course they do but they are also on-demand or if you prefer cloud ready. So we will be delivering those applications both by selling the software directly, the old way of doing it which is still the most popular way by the way, we will be selling the Fusion applications integrated with our hardware, our servers and our storage and our networks and we will be selling it on the cloud. All modern service oriented 21st century stuff competing against SAP. We think SAP is vulnerable and we can take them on in a variety of industries.  The other thing we are doing that SAP is not doing is we are emphasizing industry functionality. It is not just technology where we are competing with SAP. We are also competing with them in functionality. We think we have much more functionality to a telco, a phone company, a large scale retail operation, insurance, banking and industry specific applications for a variety of industries. Healthcare. I could go on. Our strategy is to have much better industry focus than SAP in terms of functionality and a much more modern technology underlying all of that functionality.  Again, it is a company we think is vulnerable and we think we have an excellent chance of becoming number one in applications. With that I will turn it over to Charles. 
Lawrence Ellison: Let me add one thing to that. As Safra said our buckets and processes are now in place. I think one of the more important ones that is in place is we look at margin on every transaction and if the margin is not attractive or worse yet negative which is often the case, by the way, in some of the bids we had in flight for high performance computing centers that we chose not to bid those. We said early on we would not engage in transactions where we lost money. We got out of businesses where we lose money. Again we look at it transaction by transaction. We do look at the long-term and how important is the customer. We might lose a little bit of money on the first sale but some of these huge high performance computing transactions add to our revenue but detract from our profits and we have a process now that identifies those and we walk away from them. 
Lawrence Ellison: I am going to answer and then let Charles add to that. One is I think our vertical strategy is working extremely well. We are winning large deals in retail, large deals in banking and large deals in telecommunications. That is driving a lot of ERP and CRM applications with them. We are doing well in pharma. There are bunch of industries. Healthcare in general. There are a bunch of industries where we are very, very strong and we have applications that SAP simply does not have.  One of our strategies was to beat SAP in CRM which we do and then beat SAP in industry specific vertical applications. For example, a telecommunications company has applications where you call up AT&T and you turn on your iPhone and you want to turn on interactive TV. Well that is provisioning software. When you provision an application in a lot of telco’s, when you provision an applications that is the Oracle software that is compartmentally turning on those services for you. SAP has nothing like that.  When you receive your bill that is an Oracle application that is sending you the bill. SAP has nothing like that. When you deposit money in your savings account that is an Oracle banking application that keeps track. SAP doesn’t have that. I can go on and on in a variety of industries where we have industry functionality that they don’t have. That gives us opportunities that are simply not available to them. We also sell these applications a piece at a time rather than a big rip and replace strategy. So when people aren’t doing big ERP buys or by the way ERP is a rather mature market. We think we are competing very well in ERP. It is a mature market and SAP is to some degree saturated. SAP is not a diversified company in terms of their application suite. They don’t have a lot of what you are calling edge applications. They don’t have a lot of industry specific applications. Their technology is fraying around the edges.  Some of it is our good execution I think and some of it is problems at SAP. We were up 26% in ERP. I suspect that is a lot better than what SAP is seeing. So we are taking advantage and our strategy I think is working. We are taking advantage of their weakness. And we think we are going to get stronger while they get weaker. I am sorry to go on for so long but their strategy right now is to try to sell ERP to customers with less than 100 employees. That is their new strategy. Business by design which has been I guess three years late. By the way, if it is successful you can’t make a lot of money selling ERP to companies with less than 100 people.  We think that is a strategy that goes nowhere. It is a different technology than they currently sell. It is a different sales force. It is a different customer than they currently sell to. We think it is a massive distraction for them. Our strategy is not to find all new customers. But to sell more to existing customers. Sell industry specific apps to existing customers. Sell technology upgrades to existing customers. We think they have made a fundamental strategic mistake. We think they have lost their way and if they don’t want to be number one we sure do. 
Lawrence Ellison: Let me add just a little bit to that. We didn’t add much value selling Hitachi systems and we added no value making them money. So Hitachi is a fine product and Hitachi should sell it. Anyone who wants to sell it should sell it. Not us. We don’t make any money selling that. What do we make money selling? Our own storage. We have the NFS supplies ultimately the Sun 7000. We have our own storage server. Sun used to resell Veritas backup. Terrific product. We make them money reselling that product but we add no value so we are out of that business. The Sun businesses however we are expanding. We are expanding on the 7000. We are expanding on high performance, high end servers. Sun we are expanding and investing in Solaris and Java. The Sun IP and the Sun products we are expanding in. Where Sun was specifically a distributor of someone else’s intellectual property and lost money doing it we are out of that business. 
Charles Phillips, Jr.: Stage I or version one of Exadata was really aimed at teradata and [inaudible] and really the specialist data companies that focused on building custom hardware designed to tackle large scale data warehouse. That was Exadata version one. Exadata version two handles not only data warehouses but also handles transaction processing. We added a lot of Flash memory into it and we are going to have new Exadata models. I don’t want to preannounce anything. We are going to get better and better at very large scale transaction processing.  Our intent is that the Exadata line challenge the biggest IBM P-series machines and beat them badly in performance, reliability and cost. We think we can do that in transaction processing we are twice as fast and in data warehousing we are ten times as fast. So twice as fast as IBM’s biggest, best box and again at a dramatically lower price. The answer is all database applications ultimately are best served when they run on an Exadata machine. Everything. 
Charles Phillips, Jr.: In the Oracle business pre-Sun we ran about 40% and that fluctuates very little quarter to quarter. It has been pretty consistent for a long time. Sun was definitely higher than that. They ran about 65%. We will be shifting that to more direct strategy especially among the largest customers. We think they want and deserve direct relationship with Oracle. That is the best way we can provide the level of service we are anticipating. So incrementally starting this quarter we will be more direct. We want the partners to find new business and not show up in the same accounts all the time. So they get sales calls as we call them and shift away from fulfillment and expand the market. So we are going to direct them into the market and into areas where we don’t have good coverage.  We are hiring pretty aggressively right now on the high end to make sure we have top 1,000 accounts serviced directly by Oracle reps and by Oracle support and we are also shifting the comp model to pay on a net, in other words Sun paid on gross. So the reps were indifferent whether a partner sold it or we sold it. We have always paid on net, in other words what we get after we pay the partner. That tends to shift things pretty quickly. The partners know that. The reps know that. We have discussed this with them. They know the strategy and so that will start to happen this quarter. 
Charles Phillips, Jr.: Europe tends to be more slow both in the downturn and the recovery. So they held up a little longer. You will recall that business there even with the U.S. was turning down we kept clicking along in Europe for 2-3 more quarters. So it does tend to take more time and more decentralized and a little slower but the pipelines are growing there so we expect gradual improvement in EMEA as well. 
Charles Phillips, Jr.: That is helping. We are also seeing ULA’s across multiple product categories. That includes Middleware and apps on the same deal. We have learned how to structure those. The other area is in Europe where uptake on ULA’s wasn’t as quick again because it is so decentralized. We are starting to see them get their act together and see the benefits of doing it all on one contract. So the ULA’s are picking up internationally as well. 
