Safra Catz: So let me tell you, it is all of the above. But let me tell you what's really happening down at each customer level. When customers try us for some reason whether they're using Fusion and they start using OCI for their own applications, or they hear really from word of mouth and from really a need to run some of their Oracle workloads or otherwise, when they give a try to Gen2 OCI or to Fusion, for that matter, what they find is that it is phenomenal. Our Gen2 cloud is so much better than what they're used to, and is so much more flexible, and can be much more local, gives them so many more opportunities to really match to their own needs. But they're overwhelmed by the technical capabilities of our cloud and how great it is. So what happens is, they may start small, and then they accelerate in their consumption. And they sign larger and larger and more significant contracts. As you see in our RPO, there's a lot already contracted and that's without us adding a single additional customer or expanding the use. But we have, as I said so much company-specific or product specific momentum that as customers discover us, use us, give us a chance they become honestly overwhelmed by our capabilities and how much less expensive, more flexible, more secure and how differently we’re architected such that we're also more sustainable for them. And so it's just incredible company-specific, product specific momentum. And nothing really has to happen for us to continue to do very, very well here. And whether they're trying to save cost or expand growth, we help them do that in an incredibly flexible way and super, super cost competitively for them.
Safra Catz: And the answering for you on how is the Oracle database doing? Well, you saw we had an amazing Q4. And in Q1, again, the Oracle database is what people choose if they have real work to do. It's very secure. It's very performant and they know it has so many capabilities that you don't have to have 16 different databases to get a complicated job done. You can do everything with it in different ways. And the database options are continued to be acquired. Many more customers still want enterprise agreements, so they can BYOL, bring your own license to the Oracle Cloud. Our technology remains unbelievably strong with Java. And so the business overall, our tech business remains incredibly strong, even though it's enormous. And for many, many of the reasons I think there was a period a few years back, where folks were thinking they would try lots of other things and things that were maybe more " fashionable". I think they've realized that actually getting your job done securely, performantly, sustainably, and also really least expensive is to actually use our products to do that. And so they've been doubling down and committing and bringing those workloads to the Oracle Cloud again, propelling just incredible momentum, whether it's Cloud@Customer, dedicated regions or our public cloud.
Safra Catz: Sure. So let me start by since I'm also the Principal Financial Officer, if I would say that in another company, I'd be the one making the decision to buy fusion ERP, and Fusion HCM. And what is absolutely clear, is that saving money in the back office is basically automatic when you use our products, when you move from, from especially from our competitors products, which are so expensive to maintain and run. When you move to fusion, you can save so much in your back office, that you can use that money to invest in things that help you extend the differentiation of your business. Now, today's the 12 of September. In fact, I signed off with our auditors on Friday, but we don't do our earnings on Friday. So we had to wait all the way till Monday. Now no other companies report on the 9th or the 8th. In fact, most companies were reporting their July quarter on last week. And here we are announcing an August quarter. Well, what does that have to do with costs? Well, I can tell you that when you are in a position to know your results, and to announce them, and to file your earnings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, you've not only saved time, you've saved millions in process dollars, and in the way you run your business. And I just want to point out that we were able to do this after acquiring in the quarter, Cerner by putting their data from their old system into Fusion and consolidating it in fusion. So we actually believe that one of the most important ways to drive business transformation is to move to a much more streamlined cloud product than running old back office systems.
Safra Catz: So, one of the enormous changes we made in the past year, year or so euro2 is that we've invested in a lot more engineering talent in the field to help our customers bring over workloads. And once we've shown them how to do it, and the enormous benefit they get by doing it. This is the Ultimate Sales accelerator, because there's nothing like the customer who realizes that our solution is just so much better and so much less expensive for them. And you have to do that often, by let's say, priming the pump by sending engineers, field engineers who can help the customers move those workloads and that's really propelled what's been going on in our OCI Cloud. Larry, you go ahead.
Larry Ellison: Yes, let me just add one sentence to that. We are the only infrastructure company that builds enterprise scale applications. As a result of building these enterprise scale applications, we have made our infrastructure much, much better. So we not only provide infrastructure and sell infrastructure, we consume the infrastructure ourselves. I think that gives us certain insights as to what we need to build at the infrastructure layer to make our application secure, reliable and so on. And easy to use and make people productive. That's why -- I think that's why what customers are discovering when they come to our cloud, that they're more productive, the system runs faster, it's more secure, it's easier to use, all of that. And that's what gives us confidence that we can build the next generation of health care applications, because we do both. We do both applications, enterprise applications and infrastructure. And we're the only one.
Larry Ellison: Okay, boss, I will do that. Again, multi-cloud -- I think one of the issues I know a lot of people for years have been concerned about can Oracle sustain its leading market share in the database business? And I think what is clear is if our databases are available in multiple clouds, I think then the answer is clearly yes. If our database is not available in multiple clouds, then it's an interesting question whether we can and maintain it just in our own cloud. We've decided to make our best and greatest technology available in multiple clouds. And that gives customers choice, they can use it in OCI. They can use MySQL HeatWave at AWS. They have choices, but they will be able to choose between, let's say, Amazon's Aurora or Oracle's MySQL HeatWave. They will be able to choose between Snowflake or the Oracle Autonomous Database. And I think as long as we're available in multiple clouds, we're going to be very strong, very, very -- and very, very competitive against these other companies and these other technologies.
Larry Ellison: Let me just add one thing. I’m sorry, let me add one thing, which is Safra addressed the issue of using modernizing back office to save money. Let me tell you another way, you can save money we -- I personally have been talking to some of Amazon's most famous brands that are running at AWS. And the AWS bill is getting very large, and they can save a huge amount of money by moving to OCI. And we expect next quarter, we'll be announcing some brands and companies moving off of Amazon to OCI that will shock you.
Larry Ellison: Yes, because with 58% growth, it certainly seems like you're now gaining share in the cloud infrastructure market. It's a big market to go after. So any color on that would be helpful.
Larry Ellison: Yes, I think exactly what Safra said, and I'll add what I just repeat what I said earlier. The amount of money, these huge companies, these very famous companies spend with Amazon is kind of staggering. I mean, everyone assumes, hey, I move to the cloud, and I'd save a lot of money. It depends which cloud you move to. And Oracle is much less expensive than the competition. One, partially because we're faster, which time is money when you're when you're paying by the hour. So again, I'm going to repeat, we're talking to the most famous brands that are running at Amazon, and some of them are going to be moving very soon.
Larry Ellison: Okay, I'll go first, let's have a bug with 1.7 CapEx is there's just so much demand. Safra mentioned we have more data centers in more countries and in more cities than either Amazon, or AWS. And we're expanding because the demand is there. We expect to be growing in the 50% range for cloud services. And that means we're going to be -- we are going to be half to -- half to be adding a lot of data center capacity and opening a lot of new data centers and we're doing that. The fact that we're running in Oracle Cloud data centers running half of Tokyo Stock Exchange, as the other cloud vendors, how many stock exchanges they run. The -- our stuff is very secure, it's very reliable, it's very performance, it's very, very cost effective. And therefore we have huge opportunity, therefore, we're spending the money to expand. We have a huge opportunity for growth, and we're not going to miss it. But we're still going to be as you know, Safra is very cautious. We're very, we're always very cautious. We pay a lot of attention to profitability. But we also have to pay attention to the top line, as well as the bottom line and take advantage of this growth opportunity. And I think there was a second part of the question that [indiscernible].
