Safra Catz: Thanks Jeff. As you can see we had another excellent quarter and we delivered these results against a big Q2 last year. We exceeded the high point of our new license guidance, beat the high end of our total revenue guidance, beat the high end of our EPS guidance by a full $0.03 and of course we delivered the highest Q2 operating margin in our history, substantially higher than all our peers.  The strength in the quarter was very broad based, across all product lines and as usual the quarter was not dependent upon any unusually large deals. Once again we grew faster than SAP in every region around the world, clearly taking market share as they have essentially come apart at the seams. Our applications business is growing while theirs continues to shrink at a double digit pace.  Let me turn for a moment to our acquisition of Sun Microsystems. I know most of today’s call is about Oracle stand-alone I will make just a couple of comments about Sun. As you heard earlier this week we expect a full and unconditional clearance from the European Commission in January. I want to thank all of our customers for the overwhelming support they have given us during this process.  I want to especially thank the hundreds of customers who shared their views with the European Commission and the many customers and user groups who volunteered to attend the oral hearing last week and especially those who ultimately came to testify including the U.K. Atomic Weapons Establishment, Ericsson, Vodafone, BBVA, Sabre Holdings, [Polao], Carnegie Melon University, the U.K.’s Department of National Health Services and the Independent and U.K. user groups.  In addition, I want to thank the over 60 United States Senators who recognize the importance of this matter and the United States Department of Justice who shared their views with the European Commission. Last but not least I want to thank Oracle and Sun employees and especially the transaction teams including our tireless advisors on the ground for getting this to a just result.  My guidance today does not include any exceptions from our pending acquisition of Sun Microsystems. We do still expect that Sun will contribute $1.5 billion in non-GAAP operating income in our first full fiscal year of owning Sun. After we close the transaction we will share our detailed guidance with you as soon as we can.  Now let me turn to the guidance without Sun for now. We believe the guidance I am giving today is realistic. I want to emphasize our pipelines continue to be very strong and the close rates I am assuming are more conservative than typical Q3 close rates. For the coming quarter, assuming that exchange rates remain at current levels, we expect there to be an almost 8% positive currency effect on license growth rates and an almost 7% effect on total revenue growth rates but of course that is likely to change.  With that, our guidance for Q3 is as follows: New software license revenue growth is expected to range from negative 1% to positive 9% at current exchange rates and negative 8% to positive 2% in constant currency. Total revenue growth on a non-GAAP basis is expected to range from positive 3% to positive 6% at current exchange rates and negative 3% to flat in constant currency.  On a GAAP basis we expect total revenue from positive 4 to positive 7 at current exchange rates and negative 2 to positive 1 in constant currency. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $0.36 to $0.38 assuming current exchange rates, up from $0.35 last year and from $0.33 to $0.35 in constant currency. GAAP EPS for the third quarter is expected to be $0.26 to $0.28 using current exchange rates and $0.23 to $0.25 assuming constant currency. This guidance assumes a non-GAAP tax rate of 28% for Q3 versus 26.6% in Q3 last year. The GAAP tax rate is expected to be 29.3%.  The board again declared a dividend of $0.05 per share. We generated $8.7 billion in operating cash flow over the last 12 months and we are running the business at record margins. We look forward to the completion of the Sun acquisition in January.  With that I will turn it over to Charles for his comments. 
Safra Catz: From where we sit it is very hard to tell. Obviously we are definitely seeing customers back buying with extremely wide spread. No giant deals of any sort but lots of very nice sized transactions for every size of company. So we are really seeing a recovery. Now it is true that our execution, our teams are doing very, very well. The products are very, very, very strong and so I think what is happening is we are clearly winning at the expense of others but we do also see the environment significantly improving. 
Safra Catz: Regarding your maintenance question, our software updates and support obviously that is really our subscribers. Those are our users and they are paying for both support and the right to receive without buying the new licenses or new products. That is a number that is always going to go up because customers feel they are getting fantastic value for it. The second half of the year frankly there is no point in going into too much detail on any of the numbers because within the month frankly we will be giving you new guidance that will include the software parts and of course the hardware parts from Sun Microsystems. So all of you are going to have to redo all of your models at that point. You should expect maintenance for us is really who our customers are and they are renewing at record rates because they are very satisfied with our products and we are advancing just so quickly right now. 
Charles Phillips, Jr.: Thanks Safra. Just a few comments on customers. I first also wanted to recognize the organization for doing a great job. All the regions and GDUs and the supporting organizations. Customers are holding onto their dollars a little tighter these days. These deals are very complex and they don’t happen without people really fighting for them so these guys walk through walls and got a good result.  By product area, database Exadata is on fire, nearly tripled sequentially. The pipelines are growing week to week. We are now having some of the initial customers come back and ask for multiple systems which is always a good sign. The main constraint we have right now is just production capacity the field is fighting for them in each region. It is a red hot product and we expect that to continue to have momentum going forward.  Some key regular database wins in the quarter: [GMAC standard] Oracle database, US Airways, ULA for database rack and portioning. We also had an important release in the quarter I should mention; a new release of Oracle Database Vault. Options generally did well in the quarter. I think this is an important option because this is the product that separates administrative rights from security rights in the database and now it has been certified for SAP so SAP support is now available and that is a big market and we expect that to do well.  In the area of middle ware, we had some wins over Microsoft SharePoint using our product WebCenter and we won and beat them at Bank of the [World] in India and McGill University. On our storage platform National [inaudible] bank standardized on our storage suite as that was a win over Tibco. We had a little bit of an edge there since they are already rolling out FlexCube our core banking product for integration after a 12 week run with the concept they selected this as well.  Business intelligence, CIBC Bank selected us over Cognos. Gilead Sciences used our Dashboard with TD Edwards that they already had installed so we are seeing the uptake of the DI Dashboards there that are customized for our applications start to take off as well. In the area of EPM, good wins at Constellation Brands and Kimberley-Clark. At management we had an interesting win at California Employment and Development Department. They are going to use our Identity Management platform to identify constituencies that both take state unemployment and disability insurance and bring those two agencies together using our IDM.  Applications, we had another release of AIA, our integration architecture platform that was release 2.5 with ten new cross-industry process integration packs, or pips, and six new industry specific pips and now we have about 1,000 enterprise services and 100 enterprise objects. That integration between all of our applications was instrumental in winning at Agilysis and New York State Insurance Fund.  In ERP a good win at Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education across 14 individual universities with the SAP there using People Soft Student demonstrations. In CRM we had good wins at Woolworth’s, Capital One Services and Cummings, Semanta Value Chain planning. We had good winds at Land O Lakes, Ingersoll-Rand, Garden Restaurants. Retail merchandising was installed at [Ritelands] and then General Electric Oil and Gas selected Primavera project management platform as the standard.  We are also moving to a new market. We recently bought a company called Sophoi, which has digital rights management so communications business unit has that product and was able to announce the deal and track for intellectual properties and content online so we had a win at Lexis-Nexis based on that platform. Kind of an incremental market they have to track digital rights and then [bill] for it. They also won at [Air Sale].  Lastly, a couple of wins to mention, Marsh selected us for a new policy administration system and ParAccel for Oracle Argus-Safety to manage their safety and pharmacoviligance process. Those are my comments. 
Charles Phillips, Jr.: I think on the database business people had been putting off some of those ELA decisions and kind of behind on picking up on some of those contracts that happened during the downturn and now some of that is starting to come back. I also think some of the initial work we did on [11G] to get the ISB’s on board takes a little while. That is kicking in as well. So we feel pretty good about the database business and obviously Exadata is helping drive some of that as well. 
Charles Phillips, Jr.: That actually has always been the pattern. They tend to turn down six months later and then it takes another six months when the recovery happens as well. Things happen more slowly there. Customers don’t react quite as well. They are not as centralized in their decision making and so that doesn’t surprise me at all. 
Charles Phillips, Jr.: The close rates normally in Q3 are a little bit less than Q2 so we plan accordingly. So we haven’t assumed anything heroic and if we do better we do better. The pipelines are growing in each region and certainly the tone of the forecast calls is a little bit better than it was three months ago. 
Charles Phillips, Jr.: I would say communications had a good quarter to what they normally do and it is certainly producing a nice pipeline. I would say there is a good pipeline for financial services. The banks held back for awhile but based on the pipeline of what is already closing for the first few weeks of the quarter even the banks seem to be coming back. So it is uneven because I would say retail probably had a tough time six months ago but their pipeline has come back as well and they have closed a deal already in the first few weeks of this quarter; a fairly sizeable one. If that is any indication on how the first few weeks are going, they look better.   
Lawrence Ellison: Thank you Charles. Since we are getting closer to closing the Sun deal I want to talk a little bit about our strategy with Sun going forward. What we are not going to do and what we are going to do.  One thing we recognized that Sun just really does not now and is never likely to have the volume to compete in the high volume, low margin business of just selling an Intel server with Windows on it or Linux on it one at a time. We think that high volume, low margin business is a good business as long as you have high volumes. That is something that Dell and HP are very good at and we are going to avoid that business.  Instead, we are pursuing the high value, high performance market. Very large SMP machines like the SPARC Solaris M9000 which we will continue to enhance. We are putting the Solaris as new /cache feature that allows the M9000 to run the Oracle database very, very fast. We will not only be focused on SMP machines which have been around for a long time, though we think those SMP machines are best in class.  We are also going to be building clusters of industry standard machines and SPARC machines. Those clusters are now called private clouds. That is the more fashionable term for clusters. We are using our software, our operating systems, both Solaris and Oracle Enterprise Linux, our virtualization, the ability to dynamically allocate and de-allocate resources which is essential for cloud computing as well as the integrated networking and integrated storage to deliberately complete private cloud to our customers. Our customers will be able to buy high end SMP machines, high performance and high value for high-end private clouds with all of the pieces including processing, storage and networking integrated together with Oracle/Sun software.  We think that will heavily differentiate our offering with the offerings of IBM, HP and Dell. We think we can compete very effectively there and that will deliver high margins and allow us to deliver that $1.5 billion of additional profit in our first full year of having Sun.  With that I guess we are ready to open it up for questions. 
Lawrence Ellison: Well, we think the Exadata business is going to be huge. By huge, billions of dollars a year in new systems sales not including the maintenance on those systems. How long it takes us to get there remains to be seen. Our overall view of the computer industry is we have been selling components to large customers and the components have been hiring system integrators to glue those components together into complete systems.  Our overall strategy going forward as I mentioned earlier, as a preamble to your question, is not to sell these individual industry-standard components on their own but rather group them together into machines like Exadata where we have processors, networking, storage, storage software, database software, our Oracle Enterprise Linux operating system, all a complete database machine for both transaction processing and data warehousing.  We think that makes it much easier for the customer. They don’t have do all the system integration. They don’t have to buy a bunch of parts and glue them together but instead they buy the box. It is a high margin product for us and a high value purchase for them because they don’t have to spend a lot of money on system integration. We think that is the way customers are going to go forward as they build their data centers; not buying components but buying systems like Exadata.  One of the big reasons we bought Sun is that we wanted to apply that same strategy to middle ware, applications and to the operating systems themselves where we are not going to sell operating systems just for an individual computer but we are going to sell the next generation of Solaris is going to be a cloud addition to Solaris where it manages a group, a cloud, a cluster of these computers that we sell together as a unit. That is highly differentiated, high margin for us and no systems integration required for the customer. How big is that business? We think that is what the computer business is going to look like for large customers going forward. We think that is billions and billions of dollars. That is our business in the future. 
Lawrence Ellison: I think the big thing for us is we design fusion applications as components. It is a service oriented architecture and it is componentized. Things like order orchestration could be delivered to a customer. My favorite example, Hewlett Packard, which has a lot of orders and takes orders a lot of places in their company. We can coordinate those orders and then deliver them to the different fulfillment centers inside of Hewlett Packard. So all of our fusion apps are componentized and so it is not a rip and replace sales strategy we have with fusion. We can go in and sell you a lot of point solutions. We can sell you a specific application like order orchestration that integrates with your existing SAP systems and your existing Oracle systems and your existing JD Edwards systems and your existing People Soft systems.  So we can do a complete replacement over time and that is our plan but that is going to be a long period of time for a lot of companies. We want them to start with some of the fusion components like order orchestration, like some of our interesting HR incentive management systems. We have a long list of things. They will buy them a piece at a time but they are designed to be easily integrated with what they already have. We think that is going to allow us to sell fusion aggressively out of the box and increase our share as compared with SAP over time. 
