Ken Bond: Great. Thank you, David. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Oracle's fourth quarter and fiscal year 2022 earnings conference call. A copy of the press release and financial tables, which includes a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation and other supplemental financial information can be viewed and downloaded from our Investor Relations website. Additionally, a list of many customers who purchased Oracle Cloud services or went live on Oracle Cloud recently will be available from the Investor Relations website. On the call today are Chairman and Chief Technology Officer, Larry Ellison; and Chief Executive Officer, Safra Catz. As a reminder, today's discussion will include forward-looking statements, including predictions, expectations, estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking. Throughout today's discussion, we will present some important factors relating to our business, which may potentially affect these forward-looking statements. And these forward-looking statements are also subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from statements being made today. As a result, we caution you against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, and we encourage you to review our most recent reports, including our 10-K and 10-Q and any applicable amendments for a complete discussion of these factors and other risks that may affect our future results or the market price of our stock. And finally, we are not obligating ourselves to revise our results or these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Before taking questions, we'll begin with a few prepared remarks. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Safra.
Ken Bond: Thank you, Larry. David, if you please poll the audience for questions, we'll go to the Q&A portion of the call.
Ken Bond: A telephonic replay of this conference call will be available for 24 hours on the Investor Relations website. Thanks for joining today. With that, I'll turn it back to David for closing.
Lawrence Ellison: Well, the national health records database solves 2 problems, and it allows patients in the case of an emergency to have their caregivers get immediate access to all of their health records, which will deliver way better outcomes for people. The other is public health officials will get much better information about the state of health in their country. So I mean, the amount of -- having this knowledge, it's -- we dramatically improved healthcare but we also save an enormous amount of money by doing that. I don't know if you remember when we sent that hospital [shipped] (ph) in New York City because the officials in New York thought they were about to run out of the hospital beds. It turns out they were wrong. We didn't run out of hospital beds, but they didn't know. They don't have -- public health officials don't have access to that kind of information. They're a bit flying -- it was very clear there are -- in a lot of cases, they were flying blind during the pandemic. By providing this information, we save a lot of lives and we save a lot of money. The scale of the opportunity is gigantic because it's not -- people think of it as a national opportunity. It's a global opportunity. Every country -- I mean, if you look at Western Europe, the Western Europe budgets are dominated by health care. If they can save lives and save money by putting in modern information systems, they'll do it and they'll do it quickly. It's clearly going to be our largest business.
Lawrence Ellison: Yes. With the exception of Workday, most of the big application companies maybe conspicuously, salesforce.com is a very large Oracle user. And they license our database for use in their cloud. But they're not the only ones. There are a lot of SaaS companies that use our database in the cloud. And that keeps our license business very, very strong. Our database license business is very, very strong. We don't confuse a license for on-premise. Some licenses classically are used on-premise, but a lot of the new licenses that we're selling allow our customers to take those licenses and run them in the cloud, whether it's our cloud or other people's clouds or in the case of Salesforce in their own cloud. So it's -- the Oracle database is still the #1 database in the world by a significant margin. And it's the #1 database in the cloud when you start counting all of the SaaS companies that use the Oracle Database.
Lawrence Ellison: I'll add 1 thing to that, which is the Oracle Autonomous Database is interesting because it's autonomous. In other words, it doesn't require human beings to run it like database administrators, things like that. Recently, inside of Oracle, inside of our cloud, virtually every database going up for -- to run our cloud, the autonomous database because people don't want to hire database administrators inside of Oracle Corporation. It's just much cheaper to run. And I think in that sense, the Autonomous database is countercyclical. You do save a huge amount of money just by moving from conventional Oracle database to the autonomous database. It's actually more secure, more reliable and cost Wales to run. You don't need a bunch of experts running it. You don't need anyone to run it. There is a programming language called APEX, which uses -- it's a low code programming environment where you use 10% the name amount of programmers that you would use if you were programming in our other programming language called Java. And APEX is also becoming very popular inside of Oracle to build applications. I see this as 2 interesting trends as people using more modern technology to dramatically reduce their labor costs, which I think will play very well in the next couple of years in this economy.
Safra Catz: Okay. Well, first of all, you have to understand, we're a very big company. We have thousands -- hundreds of thousands of existing customers. Our products also are so compelling that often customers save money by moving to OCI. They -- also many of our customers realized during the pandemic that they absolutely had to have modern systems. Those companies that didn't have modern systems fairly survived through the pandemic. They have to have a digital connection with their customers, with their employees, with their suppliers. Those are the kinds of products we have. And when customers move, let's say, from Amazon to us, the moment they try us, they realize, whoa, this is better and more economical. And of course, for Oracle workloads, you can't get anywhere close to what we can do. So we have a lot of things working in our favor. Our products, of course, our Fusion products are superb. I mean we have so many customers. This call is not long enough to reach them. And of course, NetSuite is, again, industry-leading like Fusion for a different part of the market, incredible momentum. And now we -- by the way, as I mentioned, there's about $100 million a quarter that is just the Russia, Ukraine region, that we stopped charging our customers in Ukraine when they were invaded even though we continue to help them. And of course, we suspended everything in Russia. So we just are just trying to meet our customers' needs. The biggest issue is having enough to meet demand. And I'm actually very happy with the way we manage the supply chain this past quarter, and I'm hoping that it will be -- it will continue to get better because that will give us more capacity and more capability to deliver to our customers. So I mean, we just have so much momentum. We have so many happy customers. And they're just -- new customers are just buying more. You get into the cycle that's very virtuous and people really build confidence in our capability to execute and also the overall economic message and offering that we're giving, We've always tried to give a compelling financial offering. And I think that's really resonating in these times.
Safra Catz: Yes. I think people don't realize how exorbitantly expensive it is to run those large SAP systems. They have data centers associated with them. They have hundreds, sometimes thousands of technicians to run them. They're old, they're clunky and moving to Fusion ERP. It's just a totally different world and costs So - the costs are tiny in comparison. I think people sort of forget that. And this applies really to all on-premise systems, but even more so to those old SAP systems. And our cloud offering in that area really is unrivaled. Frankly, unrivaled. And we -- our win rates just continue. And we're very optimistic about it, and we've sold a lot. A lot is still being implemented, and we expect that you'll see that in the numbers, while our customers end up spending less than what they use to spend with on-premise.
Safra Catz: So it's a little of both. You see, first of all, large enterprises understand that having an unlimited agreement for some period of time, an unlimited agreement gives them unbelievable flexibility. Any large customer, large database user that does not have an unlimited agreement with us is really not optimizing for their spend because it gives them incredible flexibility. They can use on-premise for as long as they need it. They can move to the cloud and get a much lower price in the cloud with BYOL, and they can move back and forth. And it just gives us the kind of flexibility. Those agreements are the ultimate sort of the foundation of so much of what goes on. In addition, of course, in technology, we also have our leading Java business, which on-premise is an extensive use and in the cloud is at no charge. So customers can be motivated to bring their Java to the Oracle Cloud and to use it at no charge, their Java program and to use it at no charge. So we have a lot of things that incent bringing your Oracle databases to our cloud and, of course, all your Java work to our cloud. So both of those are absolutely critical for our license numbers to be as strong as they are. And the Oracle database, I've been following Oracle for, well, since the '80s. And I always -- we always hear about some new product that's about to overtake Oracle. And the reality is that the Oracle database is beyond the gold standard. If you really need work done and if you want to protect your most critical data and you want to use large amounts of it, it is going to be the Oracle database that is head and shoulders above every other product. And invariably, some folks try other things when they get bigger, they always come back to the Oracle database It is irreplaceable because of its technical capabilities that are so far superior. And that becomes very, very, very clear to customers and more and more of them license -- continue their license and extend those unlimited agreements, whether for on-premise and in the cloud. It's not either or it's both, and that is the best use of it.
Safra Catz: Yes. So let me hit the buyback first because I know I gave you quite a word sandwich there at the end. I was losing steam. We bought back $600 million this past quarter. I think we bought back about $600 million the previous quarter. I expect to do about the same this quarter. Usually, I don't give you the number in advance. But since previous quarter, to those 2, we did $7 billion and a couple of $8 billion. We're not going to be at that level. We'll be at the $600 million for a few quarters until I see where our debt levels are. And so $600 million a quarter is probably what I'm targeting. It could be a little bit more potentially but that's kind of where I'm at. And then on CapEx, okay. So you noticed how I mentioned how many regions we have, we have just put out -- put up so many regions over the past 1.5 years or 2. I think we now have more than Amazon or we're in -- I think we do already have more than Amazon already. We are going to build another 6, and we're going to expand the ones that we have because they are being used so extensively. In many cases, they are spoken for. And so I expect CapEx, which was where it was this year. I think it will be a little bit more than what it was this year, next year. I'll be giving a little bit more detailed guidance as I see it playing out over the year. But we have so much -- I mean we have so much cloud demand that I am going to continue to spend in capital expenditure. But I do believe that as a percentage of our revenue growth. I think I'll start really feeling those economies of scale and increasing my gross margins and my operating margin significantly.
