Mark V. Hurd: Thanks, Safra. Just a couple of quick comments before I give it to Larry. Software, we got to a solid start with 11% CD growth. It's a little better than we expected. Double-digit growth in the U.S., Latin America and Asia Pacific. In cloud, we will add some key cloud wins in both CRM and HCM, including Accenture, Adobe, Airstream, Barnes & Noble, Cisco, Colgate-Palmolive, Cox Communications, DIRECTV, Kraft Foods, Macy's, NVIDIA, Proctor & Gamble, Sandia National Labs, Schneider Electric and Telstra. Now I don't usually read that list because it takes a period of time. But today, I wanted you to know that this is just tremendous customer acceptance that we're seeing, and our pipeline and our team are still ramping. So I wanted to make sure you just had some flavor for the kind of acceptance we're seeing. We expect we'll be at or over $1 billion run rate next quarter, and we believe we have the people and the services to win a lot of business in the cloud. Let me go to Engineered Systems. It was another strong, exit [ph] quarter, with revenue more than doubling last year. We had great Exadata wins at Verizon, Nissan, Petrobras, Bank of America and GlaxoSmithKline. Exalogic had a great quarter, with unit sales nearly 3x last year. Wins at Accenture, Hutchison Global, United Healthcare, Agilent and CalPERS. And Exalytics had a strong ramp, with incalculable growth, obviously, since we introduced it late last year, but with great wins at the state of California, Macy's, Praxair and Toshiba. On other hardware. We have the hottest UNIX box in the industry with the SPARC T-Series. We grew double digits, and we expect to see continued momentum Q2, Q3 and for the rest of the year with this machine. In our verticals. We continue to see strength in our industry focus solutions. We had double-digit CD growth again in our vertical industry businesses. We've ramped our headcount in this area, and we expect they will have another strong year. Now as an FYI, this week, we introduced the Oracle banking platform. It's one of the most significant product releases from our Financial Services business unit. As it relates to people, as we discussed in Q4, we realigned our sales force last quarter and entered the year with all of our people having a boss, a territory and a comp plan. They're in the market now and growing their pipeline as we speak. In closing, sales headcount is up year-on-year, and our pipeline growth reflects that. Expect us to continue to be aggressive in the cloud, driving our Fusion Applications solutions. We've been aggressive in hiring up in Business Analytics, and we believe that combination with our Exalytics solutions, we're extremely well positioned there. We expect that Engineered Systems, ZFS, our SPARC T-Series will continue to see strong growth throughout the year. With that, I'll turn it over to Larry.
Mark V. Hurd: Yes. Kash, I'll start, and Larry may want to add. I mean, we focus our sales forces, we specialize them so there's actually a sales force that's focused exclusively on selling database, our database offerings, and that's combined with Exadata. So you would find the same thing in Middleware. They would be focused on selling Middleware, and they'd be focused on selling Exalogic in combination with Middleware. And that would go on through our product lines. So our sales forces are very focused. So to your point, as we introduce new products, we bring a sales force typically focused along with that new products. So the potential distraction that you may have described is actually eliminated. We keep them very focused, we train them as such and we point them directly and line them up against our secular competitors.
Mark V. Hurd: Yes, Kash, I'd add to it. There's also metrics, quotas, pipelines, all the instrumentation is lined up exactly the way Larry described. So we have the ability, any day if you want, to measure our progress, our pipe, our headcount in any geography, in any country, on any specialized product line. So pretty effective model.
Mark V. Hurd: I'll try to give you a baseball analogy. I think we're in the first inning. So as you described these numbers -- and I agree, John, with your characterization. I mean, these are great numbers on a -- for a start of a product, et cetera. But relative to the magnitude of the industry opportunity, you've got a $60 billion -- $55 billion to $60 billion server market, and that market actually doubles when you include the storage. And you have to include storage to really look at the magnitude of what's in front of us from an Exadata perspective. And you have to add what we can do with Middleware and apps with Exalogic and so forth and so on. So this really is what you described. Now what you see us doing, and I read off some very, very large, well-known logos that are now adopting the technology. But we're winning a project at a time, and we're gaining more and more architectural wins as we go. And so, John, we just scratched the surface with this. And that's why, to Larry's point, we specialize our sales force, why we train them, why we focus them the way we do. And just the point being, do I think there's huge upside in the overall Engineered Systems business? Yes.
Mark V. Hurd: Yes. I think, to Larry's point, we had very strong HCM wins in the quarter. I mean, remember, we sell HCM by module. So you've also -- you've got a recruiting app, we've got the ability to get a work-based compensation app. We've got a core HR app, but the wins were tens and tens and tens of wins in HCM. We're seeing the same ramp now on the sales side. So sales automation really with the product is not as mature as HCM, but we've now released it. It's in the market. We now have references. And we had a very, very strong start, and I tried to give you some names in that -- in the early part with sales automation. But again, all of those are SaaS implementations in the quarter. You also know RightNow. We actually go to market by service automation as well, and particularly outside the U.S., which was a key issue for us, was -- RightNow was very strong domestically. We had a strong RightNow quarter outside the U.S. as we began to take that product around the world. So it's very strong right now.
Mark V. Hurd: Well, you're seeing it. And I think when you look at our Q1, when you look at the guidance we just gave you on Q2, we have more people in the field than we had, to your point. We have certain areas we're continuing to hire. We're very focused in the areas Larry described around our Fusion apps. We're hiring in Business Analytics as well still today. Now many of those people that we started in Q1 and sort of mid-Q2, it's typically a 9-month, 12-month ramp, and that's why I made the comments earlier about the growth in our pipeline. And that's how we measure it. We measure it by rep. We know when you came in, we know your tenure, we know when you got trained, we know what your territory is and we can align your pipes directly to that territory. So you're beginning to see them feather into the productive category. As we go quarter by quarter, of course we get more productivity out of those folks that we hired.
Mark V. Hurd: I'll start. Listen. I think we're going to go -- as we talked about earlier, we'll see growth in Q4 of the overall business in hardware. We're very focused right now because we've got hot products, as we described with the T4. We're aggressively taking it to market. And so for us, it's in our best interest. And in the hardware business, if you just think about the products that we've released over the course of the past 18 months, Exadata, Exalogic, Exalytics, T4, ZFS, where we release new products, we drive growth. We gain share. I think you should expect that trend to continue. We've been -- in the places where we don't have differentiation, x86; or where we haven't refreshed, for example. You don't see that growth. To be very frank, our margins are going up, and our market positions in the markets that we care about are going up as well. And one last point I wanted to make, and I'll turn it over to Safra on operating margin, I want to make sure I was clear on the Engineering Systems point and to John's earlier question. I want to make sure you have context for this. Most of our customers are growing their data at 35%, 40%, 45% per year. That's today. That's before some of these Big Data applications that you hear about continue, continue to evolve on the scene. Most of our customers spend $8,500, $9,000 a terabyte to store the data that I described. Most of our customers spend 15% to 20% of their IT budget on storage. When you look at what we can do with Exadata and the compression we can bring to that very data set, in many cases, 10x means I had a petabyte. After we're done, you've got 100 terabytes. And the economic impact that has on our customers and any customer that's got an Oracle database estate is eligible to see those kind of opportunities. It's the reason we are so focused and you hear us talk so much about the opportunity with Engineered Systems and it's opportunity to change the landscape of the infrastructure and our customer's business. So the focus is going to be on driving the new products and driving growth as we described.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Thank you, Mark. Let's see. A week from Sunday, at Oracle OpenWorld, we'll announce the addition of Infrastructure as a Service to the Oracle Cloud. With that addition, Oracle will be providing its customers with all 3 tiers of cloud computing: Software as a Service, Platform as a Service and Infrastructure as a Service. Our SaaS offering includes complete application suites for CRM, HCM and ERT. Today, Oracle delivers more SaaS applications than any other cloud service provider in the world. Our PaaS offering, or Platform as a Service, includes the most popular database in the world, Oracle, and the most popular programming language in the world, Java. Those 2 industry-standard platform services, combined with our new social network service platform, gives our customers the tools they need to rapidly develop modern applications that run in the cloud. Our new Infrastructure as a Service offering provides secure, virtualized, compute and storage services. In the Oracle Cloud or -- and this is very important, an identical infrastructure service installed in our customer data center as an Oracle-managed private cloud, customers can easily move their applications from traditional custom and packaged applications to our modern Fusion SaaS applications, back and forth between the Oracle Cloud and their private cloud. Please join us at Oracle OpenWorld for all the details of our new Infrastructure as a Service offering.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Yes. I mean, I think that's the point. We've reorganized our sales force in Q1-- before Q1 so that we had a dedicated HCM sales force. So if HCM in the cloud becomes very, very hot, we can add reps and add capability in the HCM sales force without distracting -- and the database sales force, it's business as usual. The Middleware sales force, it's business as usual. But again, we'd be adding a lot of reps in HCM, and that's what we're doing. We're adding a lot of reps in service as we move our RightNow service offerings in the cloud around the world and sell it more aggressively in Asia Pacific and in Europe. Same thing with the sales application, our new marketing applications, which are socially enabled. Those are the applications that listen to what people are saying about your product on Facebook, what people are saying about your product in Twitter. It provides that insight to our customers and lets the customers -- then respond and take advantage of those insights. So we have separate dedicated sales forces lined up against our secular competitors that we can expand as the opportunity expands.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Well, as you know, a lot of companies have a difficult time adapting to the next generation of technology. And those with the most are also the ones with the most to lose. You have to be willing to change the way you were doing business in the past and adapt to the new opportunities and exploit the new opportunities. So we move very -- well, we decided -- we actually decided, almost 7 years ago, to develop our Fusion Applications, a new generation of applications, which were -- there was no term called cloud then. It was simply called SaaS. So we decided to offer those new applications as a service. We started developing it 7 years ago. Now that we actually them in the marketplace and, for example, HCM is very -- Fusion is very hot. It was hard to build, and it's very hot right now. Not only do we have that product available, we now have to reorganize our sales force, which was -- any change is difficult. We had to reorganize the sales force and get -- have a dedicated sales force focused on HCM. So you have to first recognize that the change is coming. I think we did that 7 years ago with the development of Fusion Applications, and then do the really hard thing, which is, say, okay, guys, these are our old competitors. These are our new competitors. This is what we used to push. Now this is what we're pushing now, which is a cloud service against this specific secular competitor. Retrain your salespeople, add salespeople, specialize your salespeople and focus on these new market opportunities. There's a lot of inertia in a big company. We have 120,000 employees, and it takes a lot of management focus to move people from business-as-usual to pursue these new opportunities. That means retraining and doing things differently. It's not easy, but it's essential. We've done it before. We've done it before successfully. In that sense, this is no different. It's just that we're a lot bigger than we used to be.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Well, our big competitor in database and -- in fact, our big competitor in infrastructure, database, middleware, servers is IBM. And we're announcing Oracle 12c at Oracle OpenWorld. So we're rolling out the new version of our database, which had some very exciting specific features for the cloud. So again, if you will -- I'm not sure I want to use the multi-tenant term, but it's kind of -- these have been called multi -- we have a thing called plausible databases, which allow multiple tenants to securely coexist in the same database and, of course, submit them. And then that's covered with virtualization. So we take the belt and suspenders approach to security and make sure your data is isolated and private and safe and secure. So we've done a bunch of work on the database for the cloud. We'll see that -- as I say, that's coming out, announced at OpenWorld and coming out December, January, February next year, in the next few months. That's a very, very big deal. The primary competitor, IBM, I believe, continues to lose share to us every quarter, as does our second competitor, which is SQL Server. After SQL Server, we have some interesting specialized competitors like Teradata. And we believe that Exadata is doing a pretty good job of competing with Teradata. So we don't do lots and lots of head-to-head competitions with Teradata yet. I think we're going to be watching that business, and we're going to be focusing on competing more aggressively with Teradata than we have in the past. But we think we have a better product than our competitors. And all statistics we see is we continue to take share, especially in our larger customers.
Lawrence J. Ellison: [indiscernible]. So HCM has been the #1 Fusion offering, now closely followed by sales. The interesting thing is we're seeing our specialized competition from both salesforce.com and Workday and seeing virtually no SAP in either of these areas.
Lawrence J. Ellison: Well, last year, we announced basically social network services as a part of our cloud platform. Now there's 2 ways to look at Social: You can look at Social as a separate application. In other words, as a SaaS application, which our friends at salesforce.com, that's the way they put it in their architectural slide. We actually put Social at the platform level. It's really a tool that allows you to socially enable any application that you're building. So you would use Java, the Oracle database and our social network services to build a modern social application with social characteristics. So when -- we think it's a tool. Social is not an application, a stand-alone application. Rather, it's integrated with the platform and all of the applications you build on top of that platform become social. What I mean by that is then they all -- you can communicate. If you're -- one group is using an HR application, another group is using a sales application. Those are both sales -- social applications and the HR people can communicate directly with the salespeople and so on. So we put it at the platform level as a tool, not as a stand-alone application level. And we can think that's -- is that architectural difference is a big deal.
Lawrence J. Ellison: I think we're monetizing it now. Again, we're very happy we're in the market on the Fusion side. So all of the -- again, all of the -- do you mean specifically the social network services? Or just cloud applications? Monetize what? These are [indiscernible] which you -- what you're asking.
Lawrence J. Ellison: All right. Well, again, the Social Platform adds value to all of our applications. So it adds value to our HR -- our HCM applications. It adds value to our sales applications. It adds value to our service application. So we're not measuring Social as a separate stand-alone thing. Rather, it's adding value and allowing all of these other applications to integrate and communicate. So we're monetizing it now. It's made our HCM applications more competitive against Workday. It makes our sales applications more competitive against salesforce. So we sell more of those. It's more of a differentiator and advantage. So that's one part of it. Then there's this other part of Social. Again, it's a big area. In marketing, social marketing, Social kind of at the center of the marketing applications where we listen to the Twitter feeds, we look at the Facebook posts, we let companies analyze what people are saying about their products and services in other social networks. And then we present that information and insight to them and let them -- and you can take action on that. For example, it comes directly out of our social analysis tools and let's -- and you can feed it directly into service, into our RightNow service. Or we have tools, social tools that allow you to build a Facebook presence, a store on Facebook. So it makes it -- so marketing, modern marketing, if you will, is very social-centric. But that's not the only place we're using social. We're using it across all of our apps. But I suppose it's most conspicuous in modern marketing.
