Christine Day: Thanks, John. This has been a challenging time for all of us. Disappointing our guests and shareholders and falling short of our own expectations is not something we take lightly and we deeply regret.  With that, we will open it up for questions. 
Christine Day: I think on the other one, we still have to find out exactly where the process broke down. And what I want to say is that it's a multistep process with multiple vendors involved. And we don't want to call attention to any one particular vendor because it would be unfair until we've completed the diagnostics, that -- or it's more complicated than it being just one individual or group. Regarding identifying or diversifying the supplier base, we have actually moved in that direction and we should have 2 additional sources up ready for manufacturing our key fabrics by the fall. 
Christine Day: Right now, what we're still waiting for is we have a lot of product on the water and so it was a little complicated to get the samples from that product. And we won't receive those for a couple of days. So I think our first step is to see what to correct or what we can use in that. And then -- and meanwhile, we're working with our suppliers to do some additional testing of any old stock that we have to see what we could do to flow in. And we won't have those answers probably for the next week or so. 
Christine Day: Oh, for golf and tennis. We actually have some social media campaigns ready to go with that and letting the guest out and doing some additional reach. We've also been working with our elite ambassador community. We had several of those on our Maui retreat that we did earlier this year. So we've already been infiltrating, I could say, those communities in fun and unique ways so that everybody will know that they are out there. And they are small capsules. So as I said, they're not going to be truly incremental. They are just driving a lot more energy into the store. And they're not made of luon, so we're good. 
Christine Day: Yes. We have put all of our educators on high alert. And making it really seamlessly easy for the guests as well as our GECs. So communication and training calls with every store manager have already occurred to make it seamless for the guests to return the product that we believe is affected. And for right now, we primarily see this as an issue with luon. There are a couple of other fabrics that occasionally will have issues, but that's fairly minor and nothing that we see as significant as what we've seen in the luon. 
Christine Day: I'm sorry, you cut out a little bit just before the last part. So you said investment in infrastructure, and then you blanked out and said, stores abroad. So sorry, we didn't hear that. 
Christine Day: Okay, so mainly, we have a couple of different levels of investment. One is the significant investment that's already occurring in our legacy systems, preparing them for a more complex environment of multichannel and international. And we've -- that's already been baked into our capital investments that we've laid out. In terms of directly in markets, there's 8 or 9 markets where we're doing what we call pre-seeding, where we participate in events such as I described on the call, in Shanghai. Those are pretty low costs measures, where we're really doing community work. And then we are getting those ready for showrooms. So that's pretty non-capital-intensive. Then there's markets which we've already identified, such as Hong Kong and London, where we are engaged more at that showroom level. Again, those aren't a lot of capital and it's more just some small headcount expense, and it's pretty revenue expense-neutral once they're up and running for at least 6 months. So we've already built out the international e-Commerce site, which we've already preannounced. And we'll only be adding one additional international website this year, which will be in Shanghai. 
Christine Day: Definitely, the #1 learning over the holiday, particularly in the Canadian market, was that those more $100 price point cottons was -- that they're used to having, particularly the scuba hoodie, and we usually have something called the cozy up and the cuddle up. And there's a variety of versions of that, that we offer, which we did not this year, significantly affected that holiday purchase in particular. And then we felt that we also got a little too aggressive in pricing our what the fluff? line. So we pulled that back to the same pricing it had been the year before. So this year, the holiday architecture will include more of those $100 price points and the kind of cotton layering pieces that, that guest is looking for. 
Christine Day: I think just like the still pants, as soon as we get something up there, they'll eagerly know. And of course, we'll communicate through our product notification system and our other social media channels as soon as we have other product back in stock. For the quality control, there are -- we've had a very standard metrics-based system for the luon for a very long time that controls it within the environment of the manufacturer. There are a couple of gaps that we found in that, particularly in the overfeed process, which creates the fluff, that are harder to measure and really are more subjective. And that's certainly one area that we feel that we can do a better job of controlling. And then the environment after it leaves, we have to do a better job of controlling or creating standards for that process, as we're shipping to more locations to manufacture it. And then I think the quality control around the lycra chip itself, if it's stale or not stale. So there's things that I feel that we didn't have as much standard controls in place that created some variables. And I think also, the transition with patterns. So more protocol. And we've hired a very seasoned head of QA, who just recently started with us. And she's already been of tremendous assistance during this process. And we're definitely looking to make some more significant hires, particularly in the raw materials area, going forward. 
Christine Day: Well, that was already reflected when John mentioned some incremental cost in the SG&A. So we've already built that number in. And some of these were already planned hires, so we have people on site in every factory. The truth of the matter is the only way that you can actually test for the issue is to put the pants on and bend over. So just putting the pants on themselves doesn't solve the problem. So because it passed all of the basic metric tests and the hand feel is relatively the same, so it was very difficult for the factories to isolate the issue. And it wasn't until we got it in the store and started putting it on people that we could actually see the issue. 
Christine Day: Absolutely. Project Canary, as we're referring to it. We have made significant investments last year. I mean, the issue we're referring to in the dye issue, where we brought the experts in, rewrote the whole process for dye, and working in partnership with our manufacturers solved the problem. And so we no longer have dye issues. And so we can very much say that with confidence. And I feel that we'll accomplish the same thing here with the fabrics once we identify exactly where in the chain the breakdown was and have long-term solutions for this. And we -- this big shift for us is making sure that we have people actually on site, in the mills and the other environments. And that's the infrastructure that we started investing in this year and will continue to do so this coming year. And we've had -- the whole organization is very devastated, obviously, by what happened. And so everybody understands the sense of urgency of making sure that we alert the small noise and symptoms that we see, the little canary chirps, getting those to us as quickly as possible so that we can deploy the resources to avoid anything like this again. 
Christine Day: I wouldn't -- I don't think that I could say that at this point in time. That's one possibility. But because it's touched by so many people across the line that -- at different stages, this could have happened in any 1 of 4 stages. So that's what we're looking at right now. And so I don't think it's fair to say that it's inputs. 
Christine Day: We're opening -- our goal is to open a store in Hong Kong. We're evaluating several sites right now, but those usually take a little bit long to negotiate. But we're confident we'll have it some time within like a 12-month period. And then, London, the goal is to open additional showrooms this year and then move to stores the next year or so. 
Christine Day: Right now, we are holding all the products because there are actually might be some treatment solutions that we're investigating that actually could solve some of the problems. So until we get those test results back, we haven't made a decision at this point in time. 
Christine Day: I was just going to say, normally works the reverse, right? So somebody comes in, they're attracted by one of the new items, and then they pick up additional core. So because they're looking for an outfit or as they pay say, "Okay, I want the extra pair of Wunder Unders." But so I think that what we're seeing so far is that the color has been really well received. And so that at least, I think, has been some of the good news. As well as the fact that the timing of this, we normally shift in spring to a lot more of our swift and other lighter fabrics for run and for spring. So that is the good news, is that we do have a lot of other products that's available just based on the timing of this and the shift in spring. 
Christine Day: Some of the individuals that we've added, Joan comes to us from, most recently, at jcpenney, and she's worked for Nordstrom before that. So she's our new director of QA, just recently joined us, completed her training, and has, unfortunately, had to hit the ground running very hard over the last 2 weeks for this. And we also made a significant hire as Vice President of Commercialization and Development, which is really critical in the raw materials area. And we've also made a deep hire in our R&D department, Dr. Tom Waller, who comes from the Speedo group. And so he also works on developing raw materials. So those are just an example of 3 key senior leaders that we've hired. We've also put a person on the ground in Taiwan and he's already been in place. And he is building a team there that will actually be at the factories where we produce. And as well as just doing, in addition to the outside third-party testing which we do, we will also have people at our manufacturing sites. So those were already all planned investments for this year. 
Christine Day: We were working with the manufacturer today. But first, we have to certify that everything that's coming off that line does actually meet the specs. So we have some sample product that's being made up and sent to us, which we'll then conduct the complete test on. And once that's done, then we'll feel more comfortable setting that date. But in general, if we said that was 100% perfect, we could begin flowing at least the simple Wunder Unders and group pants within no more than 28 days. But we need to make sure that, that product is something we can stand behind. 
Christine Day: We haven't seen any significant return uptick at this point in time, but the word is still getting out. And so -- we did catch it relatively quickly and acted quickly to go through the stock. So I think we'll see within the next week or so, as guests learn about it and begin exchanges, whether or not that impact or how many guests were affected. 
Christine Day: I don't know of anybody else who has people actually -- I mean, a final proto in garments where we make up those, of course, you would produce all of those tests. And we do wash tests and do a lot of other things at that stage. And then when it goes to the bulk manufacturing, you'll do random sample pulls. But again, I'll stress that this product passed all initial testing that we're aware off. So the whole conversation at this point is then where did it break down from that initial testing. And that's what we're trying to figure out. You wouldn't notice the change from hand feel. And it's not a simple put it over a mannequin or put it on, it has to be engaged in a four-way stretch for the sheerness to appear. So it's a very complex thing to test for. And that's what we're looking at what can we do better job of to make sure that we can identify that earlier in the process. 
Christine Day: I think once we identify with certainty the real issue. And in the past, we've worked very closely like on the dye issue and amicably settled whatever we need to settle with our manufacturers, where we were both happy with the outcome. And I think as we identify where that is with our partnerships that we have in place, I'm confident that we will resolve it in an amicable way. If the mistake was ours through something like a pattern change or whatever, then obviously, we're on the hook for that. But at this point in time, we don't know specifically what the issue was. 
Christine Day: We definitely think that it makes it broader because our core market is that athletic males and the styles should be styled slim, not a slim fit. And as we've made that modification and brought back things like the favorite Kung Fu pants, that's sold out very quickly, and we went back to reorder on that. 
Christine Day: Thank you. Thank you for joining us this morning and we look forward to updating you with more information as soon as we get it. We want to just reiterate our commitment to being completely transparent and passing along the information as we learn it, so that you can have confidence and faith in us that you will always be the first to know whenever we have an issue. So thank you for joining us today. 
John Currie: In terms of the revenue impact in Q2, the amount that I guided to for the balance of the year, the bulk of the impact of that is in Q2. I'd say roughly 85%, 90% of that. 
John Currie: And Sharon, just to confirm. No, we did not assume a benefit of pent-up demand in the second half guidance. 
John Currie: Yes, obviously, the second quarter is probably the most impacted in the guidance. Our expectations would be a very low single-digit comp, close to flat for Q2 as a result of the luon issue. The balance of the year, I'm not giving quarter-by-quarter guidance, but it comes out to roughly high single to low double digits. 
John Currie: Yes. I mean, based on the magnitude of the revenue drop there, as a result of lower revenue on the luon issue, we do deleverage based on occupancy and depreciation, et cetera, primarily Q2. But there's some impact in Q1. The other thing, just to get a little more granular on the overall impact of -- on the gross margin. A lot of these are key styles and tend to be higher product margins. So the impact is a little bit larger than it would be if it was just more seasonal items. 
John Currie: Yes, that would be a little bit more precise than the information we have. I mean, the average number of units per transaction is between 1.5 and 2. But I couldn't break that down to when there's black luon pants, what's the add-on. We don't have that detailed information at this point. 
John Currie: Yes, Janet, the biggest gross margin hit is actually Q1 because as I said in the prepared remarks, we'd be taking a reserve to write down any expected faulty product in Q1. The impact on gross margin in Q2, therefore, comes primarily from deleverage on fixed costs and, to some extent, there's a shift in margin, as I said. The items impacted our typically higher margin than the average, so there's a little bit of averaging down. So again, not to get too granular, I'd expect gross margin in the second quarter in the low 50s. 
John Currie: Okay. As has been the case throughout most of the year, we talk about it every quarter, the new stores are still running in that about $1,150 a square foot plus or minus range, which, again, is what we expect. There's a lot of new stores in new markets where the guest is very early on in the discovery of us. So it's a lower percentage of the mature store productivity. But again, that's expected. But it's maintaining that level that it's been at for the last 12 to 18 months of new store experience. 
John Currie: Okay. So the first part, yes, we continue to expect that new product, new store productivity to be similar looking forward. Some noise in the other channels. I mean, just in general, it goes up and down based -- we had 2 warehouse sales in Q4. We've closed a lot of the strategic sales accounts in some markets. There's no franchises anymore. So it's not a big line item in our revenue in general. So maybe on a follow-up, I can walk you through some of that up and down. But I understand how it's hard to model it. 
John Currie: I guess what I'd say is Q4, we're, for the first time, over 16% of total revenue. I tell you, it's a little bit higher in Q4. As we have said, we certainly see growth, e-Commerce growing to 20% and beyond in the foreseeable future. For 2013, I'd expect it to be mid-teens, maybe 15%, 16% of total revenue against the overall growing base of revenue. 
John Currie: It was across the entire store base, it wasn't regional. And no, we don't, at this point, have good data on the number of transactions or guests that would have bought it before the pullback. 
