Laurent Potdevin: Well, I think 2 things to point out about the showrooms. I mean, in Europe, we see showroom performance that is very much in line with what we saw earlier when we opened showroom in the U.S. And in Asia, we see a very strong showroom performance, and it's the result of having been there for longer time, longer period of time. The showroom have been opened in Hong Kong for almost 4 years now. So that explains this outsized performance in Asia compared to Europe, but Europe is on track with what we saw in the early years in the U.S. I mean, as far as the outlook, I mean, I really do have a long-term view on both Europe and Asia as having really large potential, and the rest of the world being -- we see larger than North America. Their economies are fluctuating, and our showroom strategy is a really a very powerful and frugal way to go-to-market. So we're opening markets in region. We're seeing traction where we have showrooms, and that will dictate the rollout. So we're still on target to open 40 stores both in Europe and Asia, 20 in each region by 2017, and that might fluctuate a little bit based on European or Asian performance. But long-term, I mean, I see the potential of both regions as remaining very large for the organization. 
Laurent Potdevin: And to add to -- this is Laurent. To add to what John and Tara said, I mean, with a better product assortment, a better flow and also better predictability, we've been able to work much closely with our brand and community team and community -- and communicating very strong cohesive story, as you saw, during Black Friday, so -- and that's a big part of the confidence that we feel in building traffic and returning to positive store comps. 
Laurent Potdevin: And we have an entire group internally very much focused on guest innovation and guest experience, so you've seen Whitespace for product. When you think about that, that group has been the same focus on our guest experience, both online and in-store, so longer term, focus on the innovation, but certainly, something that will have an impact on those more mature stores. 
Laurent Potdevin: So if you think about the shifting of the investments, I mean, think about further investments in R&D, in some of what Tara and her group are working on in fabrics and new silhouettes as well as continued seamless, authentic guest experiences, both online and in-stores, as well as our continued international development. 
Laurent Potdevin: I think we're seeing both. I mean, we're seeing both. We're seeing much greater brand sentiment, and we're seeing, obviously, much greater traffic, I mean, in a lot of the retail that we've seen when Advent came onboard through Ben & McKenzie [sic] [ Baker & McKenzie ]. I mean, we've got a very loyal guest, and she's coming back, and she's coming back more often. So I think it's really a combination of gaining that core loyal customer, and giving her a lot more opportunities to engage with us and buy with us more often and bringing us new guests as well. 
Laurent Potdevin: All right, thank you very much, everybody. We wish all of you a very happy holiday season, and we'll talk to you next quarter. 
John Currie: And you're right. And as we've said throughout the year, 2014 has been a year of investment in shoring up supply chain. I think, in this quarter it was a little bit higher than sort of a run rate based on some additional testing costs that came through in the quarter. But generally speaking, in 2014 -- '15, we'll continue to invest with the run rate of a bigger, more capable team, as you said, to deliver the benefits to product margin and gross margin that we've talked about for 2016. 
John Currie: Yes. Okay. And the good news within the comp both for Q3 and what we're seeing for Q4 is that -- and similar to Q2, traffic continues to build. So the traffic component of the comp in Q3 was stronger than -- even in Q2 when it turned positive. Now that's offset with lower conversion and units per transaction, which is understandable, given where, I think, we're at is definitely improving brand sentiment and the product assortment to match that is still catching up, but better for Q4. New store productivity continues to be running that $1100 to $1200 per square foot area, a little bit higher than more recent openings. So very consistent, strong performance on the new stores. 
John Currie: Okay. Yes. So on the store operating margin, in Q3, there was a little bit more contraction than would be the norm. I think that's natural, given there's a very heavy new store opening cadence in Q3 and more so than the prior year. So that contracted the store operating margin to be a little bit more than you'd expect typically. The port, to be honest, I couldn't tell you exactly if it's concentrated in anyone that product category. I think we have to assume it's across the board. The other thing that's important to note is even though the disruption with the ports is the U.S. ports, it also impacts our Canadian business because a lot of the ships that come from Asia might stop in L.A., Seattle, and then make their way up to Vancouver, where we unload for Canadian shipments. 
John Currie: Okay, yes. In Q3, markdowns were actually a little bit less than the prior year. The only reason I didn't call it out was it was fairly minor, like maybe 10, 15 basis points, but we were less promotional in Q3. Sorry, your question on November. 
John Currie: Which, as you said in your prepared remarks, were less promotional. Oh, and the question of an online warehouse sale for Q4, that really depends on how we come through the holiday season, whether we do an online or a physical warehouse sale, that's yet to be determined... 
John Currie: In terms of bricks-and-mortar versus e-Commerce, I mean, as -- we've seen a -- e-Commerce has been strong. Bricks-and-mortar has been gaining traction, as I said, primarily benefited by traffic. And we do expect conversion to stop being the headwind it's been. So my guidance in Q4, actually, we're assuming that stores will be positive, which they have not been for some time. 
John Currie: Yes. I mean, in general, especially a high-volume store, we regularly renovate them every 3 years and normal stores, 5 years. In addition, we've got an ongoing program, where older stores that were maybe not in the best location within a mall or on the street or were a little bit too small in terms of square footage, every year, we're doing relocations or expansions. And then in a limited number of cases, as we've talked about, so Robson Street in Vancouver is a good example. We've moved from a very strong 3,400-square-foot store up to more of a flagship store at 4,500 square feet, and that -- flagship's the wrong term because flagships are often characterized as marketing initiatives. But in our -- in this case, it's really a -- it's a much more profitable store. So we're looking for opportunities to make those shifts as well. 
John Currie: I'm talking store comp. In terms of supply chain investment, gross margin, as I said, I mean, 2014, obviously, a build-the-foundation year, which is continuing into, certainly, the early part of 2015. In addition, we're sort of shifting our focus from simply building foundation investments to investments in supply chain that drive growth. So there'll be that as well, but of course, at this point, we're not guiding to gross margin next year, and in fact, we're still working through the details of new initiatives in terms of our budgeting for next year. So we'll give guidance for next year as we always do when we report Q4. 
John Currie: Well, I'll take the online warehouse question. Yes, in October, rather than just have markdowns in our -- we made too much site throughout the quarter, and really sort of concentrating sales into a limited time period, as opposed to more spread out in our outlets, we decided to do an online warehouse sale. It was like 3 days. I think we did $3 million to $4 million. Again, it was expected in our earlier guidance, but that did sort of concentrate that level of sales in online versus what -- what otherwise might have been outlets. Sorry, whenever you ask more than 1 question, I always have to ask what's the second question. 
John Currie: Yes. And especially -- if we focus on the core North American business as the base layer, we continue to see the roadmap to get back to the sort of mid-50s gross margin that we had been at. All the work that Tara and Jennifer's teams are doing, as we've talked about in the past, we continue to believe those will deliver about 300 basis points in improvement in gross margin, as well, there's a lot of other efficiencies beyond that, that I think, over time, we'll be able to enjoy. I've mentioned it's not built into that 300 basis points, but even being more buttoned down, we'll be able to provide better guidance to our factory partners that will allow them to reduce the contingency that they need to build into our pricing. So there's other potential upside in there that we see -- that roadmap to 55%. Of course, as you layer on the new markets that are really -- Asia and Europe are effectively startups. Initially, they'll be a lower margin profile, but when they reach a relative level of maturity, that [indiscernible]. 
John Currie: I don't think there's a lot of it actually in the U.S. Having said that, we've provided already, I guess, in Q1 for the tax that we'll incur on moving cash up. So I think there's another $300 million that we can move up, where the taxes are already been provided for. 
John Currie: Okay. In terms of the port situation, I mean, we're continuing to monitor it basically every day. Of course, if it turned into a strike then... 
John Currie: Yes, it's not a strike right now. So that would, of course, change things for everyone, but having said that, we've taken steps with respect to our future shipments. So even by the end of December, shipments will be either -- a lot of them will be rerouted through Vancouver, get down to the states by rail. So that will still likely give rise to 1- to 3-day delay, but it won't be that 7 to 10 days that we've been -- that we're seeing right now. So I think as you get into Q1, even January, the impact, if it's status quo, should be minimal. 
John Currie: Okay. Yes, Canada. Canada continued to be slightly negative, but again, improving. It was low-single-digit negatives versus the U.S. being low-single-digit positives. Australia is a little bit higher in terms of a comp. I mean, I think there's lots of opportunity there. It comped high single digits in the quarter. Again, I need you to repeat your second question. 
John Currie: Right. Okay, well, we don't -- we haven't closed any stores. What you're probably seeing is that we've taken some out of the comp base as we've moved them, renovated them. Robson, for example, was our second store worldwide, but with the relocation and the increase in size, it's out of the comp base. So other than that, there's no closures in Canada, and  the sequential -- sorry, third question. Can you repeat it again? Yes, I mean, the trend into November, I think, was your question, is traffic and other metrics are continuing to trend up better than what we saw in Q3. 
John Currie: Yes. I mean, in stocking, we're more of a DC-based model. I mean, again, we started the quarter in pretty comfortable inventory positions. And I think through November, deliveries continued to maintain that position. Of course, with the port strike, that's -- or sorry, port disruption, that has caused a gap in this next little while. So we have about 1 million units that are stuck at the ports right now, but there is movement. They're coming through, so it's not optimal, and that's why I reflected that in reduced guidance, but we do see breaking that logjam. And then as I said, we've rerouted subsequent shipments through Vancouver so that the impact won't continue. 
Tara Poseley: Jennifer, I think just to really reframe what we are focused on for third and fourth quarter of 2014 was really getting the balance of the inventory right between our core and our seasonal product. Q3 was really about tackling the pant wall, and really starting to test some new core products, as well as adding print and color and texture. So really, again, I'm going to underscore our continued focus on core. As we moved into holiday, obviously, it's such a big gift-giving time of year, really focuses the design teams on making sure we are -- wherever we could, getting that beauty and functional in our product because we know that's so incredibly core to our DNA of the brand. So naturally, some of these collections, like Sequence and the Exquisite group reinforce that beauty and functional element to our brand, and you'll continue to see those as we move into next year. But the place we're spending a lot of time on is that core, and we'll really know that the pant wall's not where it should be quite yet, and that's going to be a big focus of the design team as we move into Q1 and Q2 of next year. 
Tara Poseley: Alex, it's Tara. So the seasonal goods, as we delivered -- outside deliveries increased as we got into third quarter. We definitely saw a strong positive guest response to our seasonal goods. As I said a few minutes ago, the core product, both in the pants and in tanks is an area we're going to -- continuing to be focused on as we move into next year, really driving newness in our core product, which we know is so important. And speaking to the Canadian market, driving that newness in the core product is really going to benefit our Canadian guests quite tremendously because they're looking for that evolved core from us. But they're also responding very well to the seasonal. 
Tara Poseley: And then, Oliver, on core, just to remind everybody, development of new fabrics is about an 18 month process. So from the standpoint of seeing materials and fabric evolving, we really won't start seeing that until the back half of next year, and as we get closer to that, we can share that. And from the AUR perspective, I don't see, at this point, AUR going up. But as we're developing new innovation, new silhouettes, building more functional beauty into our product, we'll be looking at those products and making sure our price value equation is appropriately set in the marketplace. 
Tara Poseley: I'm feeling really good about men's. Early indications of our men's-only store have been really great, positive guest response. We see, as we are giving men's expanded space both in our Robson store, our stand-alone store, we're able to expand each one of the categories from our sweat category to the no-sweat, which is really the sweatshirts and things you put on after you work out and post-sweat, which is really our Commute Line. We see all 3 of those categories have opportunity to add breadth within those. And as we move into next year, you'll see those categories growing online, which is a great place for us to continue to test and try and learn, as well as expanding what we're doing in our men's-only spaces, where we have that additional square footage. 
Tara Poseley: And then for the seasonal component, as we move into next year and all the supply chain work we've done on our go-to-market calendar that we've been talking about, we should start seeing those -- we will start seeing those improvements in seasonal product as we move into the back half of the year. 
Tara Poseley: Okay, so I think -- I just want to make sure -- so it's really just taking -- so I'll just talk about what we're working on right now as a team. We've built out a model to really project out our raw materials over a 5-year period, all of the different key raw materials that we use, which is really a stage 1 to make sure that over a 5-year horizon, we're staging the fabrics appropriately. So that's going to continue to help us in our process, really being able to build more speed into our process. And then as for testing, I mean, really, we've -- it was -- Q3 was when we had said we have all of our testing protocols in place upfront in the supply chain stream from raw materials to in our factories, and we hit that, and that's really where I was testing. I wasn't quite sure what your additional question was around testing. 
Tara Poseley: Yes. I mean, I'm really not ready to talk about that at this moment in time, but just do know that that's all -- speed is important to us, and we continue to create these improvements in our supply chain in order to take advantage of speed. 
Tara Poseley: Okay. I'd like to call it the evolution of the core products. So I look at that -- we launched that work in Q3, but as I said, that work is going to be carried into next year. That was just really the start. And I think we've got still a lot of work to do on the tanks, and you'll see more of that as we move into Q1 and Q2, as well as us continuing to test and try new core styles in the bottoms. But we're progressing, and we are on our way. 
