John Currie: Okay, maybe I can take some of investment bucket dollar items. International, in 2013, the net negative was, I think, mid- to high-single-digit millions, that will probably be up $10 million and a little bit more in 2014. Compared to our run rate, I think, you'll see brands-related investments, $10 million to $15 million higher than you'd otherwise see. And then the other area, I'd say, quite a significant increase in the product and supply chain team cost. We built those teams significantly during 2013. So you got the run rate of those new hires and investments in 2014, as well as significant ongoing additions to those teams. So I'd say those are the primary buckets. Turning to the comp guidance. In Q1, the breakout of stores is low single-digit million -- sorry, low single-digit negative percent. And I think your question was how it progresses throughout the year, we do see store comp gradually improving from where we have it in Q1. 
John Currie: Yes. And I think, within that, I've always talked about sort of 55% gross, 25% operating margin. I mean, there could be some shift between gross and operating as we go forward. As we've been discussing, increasing our seasonal mix would probably mean product margin down a bit. But I think, the efficiencies that we're building in it will gain -- long term will bring gross margin back. As Laurent said, there's no reason to change our thinking about a mid-20s operating margin. Adrienne, in terms of your question on inventory composition, as I said, it's a little higher than we'd normally want to be at, but the excess is really in core. It's the product that we order on a continual monthly basis, and it's quite easy to just reduce future orders to bring that down to the right number of inventory turns. In terms of any kind of stragglers, seasonal -- or aged items, we're actually very clean, because whatever we've had seasonally, the guests have been buying very quickly. So we actually feel quite good about where the inventory stands. 
John Currie: And then your question on store performance. The factors impacting our store performance are impacting the entire market. I mean, the product assortment mix is across the board. Any impact of negative PR is across the board, and that's generally what we're seeing. I mean, a much smaller impact, I think, in things like weather. And the only reference point I have there when I look at the regions, where, even in Q4, we had double-digit positive comps -- L.A., Hawaii, South Texas, Florida, the Deep South region. So I think there's a little bit of weather impacting some regions more than others. In terms of new and old, again -- and I think, this is intuitive. The newer-age classes of stores seem to be less impacted than the older ones. I think that makes sense because in new regions, the guest is still establishing her core wardrobe. So the lack of newness is not as much an impact in these newer stores. And then even more so in terms of our new stores that are not in the comp base yet, they're performing actually well above our plan. And I think in terms of any way you want to measure new store performance, whether it's a percentage of the comp base productivity or just dollars per square foot, the new stores are actually performing quite strong. We've been 1,100 to 1,200 a square foot for the last couple of years, and it's actually edging above that. So that's a positive sign in these new regions. 
John Currie: Maybe Tara can talk about the product mix part of it, and I can add some more boring numbers after she finishes. 
John Currie: And in terms of the quarterly comp trends, remember, really starting Q2, where there's a significant impact of luon shortage last year, so we're going to be lapping that, as well as lapping delivery challenges and bad PR in the second half. So there's a lot of opportunity for positive comps over a weak second-half in 2013. 
John Currie: Sorry. Actually, to clarify, there are going to be 3 locations that are going to be a much bigger footprint with an expanded men's selection within certain locations [ph]. 
John Currie: Other than -- over the last 2 weeks, outside of our control, there's been a truckers' strike at the Port of Vancouver, so all of our Canadian product flows has been somewhat disrupted. But I understand that strike ended last night. 
John Currie: That's exactly the way I think about it. As I said earlier, I think, appropriately, we're adding more newness and seasonality into our line that might deliver a lower product margin. But the efficiencies that we'll gain from the steps that Tara and Jennifer and their teams are making, we're going to see tremendous upside, again, longer-term, in terms of lower air freight, lower cost of cancellations, et cetera, and just a lot of efficiencies. 
John Currie: In terms of international real estate, I mean, as you say, lots of regions, Hong Kong in particular, rent per-square-foot is extremely high. I mean, it's high in London as well. And we're setting our pricing, et cetera, to adjust for that. But when we look at Hong Kong, I think the reason that we've moved more slowly than we'd like is not simply sticker shock on the rent, I think as we move into different regions, we have to be a little bit flexible in terms of what our store looks like in those regions. And I think, that may be a shift in our mindset. If the 3,000-square-foot on one level isn't really available in Hong Kong, we have to look at what's the best type of store layout for lululemon in that market. And I think, that openness will help us accelerate. 
John Currie: Okay, in terms of store traffic, I mean, our overall comp performance is basically traffic-driven as it has been in the past, so it's -- the negative has come from lower traffic. I mean, I wouldn't say that that's really rebounded, and that's reflected in my first quarter guidance, but we do expect some gradual improvement as the year progresses. In terms of ivivva, it kind of gets lost, but it's a real bright spot. ivivva comping double-digits, ended the year just under $900 a square foot. And as I think I've alluded to in the past, I mean, we're really putting our foot on the gas a bit on the rollout of ivivva stores. We ended the year with 12, and we'll add up to 10 in 2014. 
John Currie: Okay. I think that was 4 questions, but we'll try to -- try and cover as many of them as we can. Your question about international investment and does that impact -- I think you said, does the impact SG&A going into 2015. Yes, that's absolutely true. Because -- and in fact, as we accelerate new store openings in Europe and Asia, initially, that will compress our margin. Of course, the faster we go, the faster we get to a point of leverage in those markets. But certainly, through 2015, the international rollout will be a negative in terms of the income and margin as you'd expect. 
John Currie: You know I always struggle with that question when we're in such a growth mode, because so much of what we're spending is discretionary. But in terms of the delta, I mean, low single-digit comps would leverage us normally. But again, there's so much going on beyond just the run rate that I just can't really give you a clear answer on that. 
Laurent Potdevin: To answer your question. I mean, I think that long-term, I mean, our target is still to hit the mid-20s. Short term, we have an act to build our infrastructure internationally, which really hasn't been done both in Europe and in Asia. And we're going to be investing in brand, but I don't expect us to do large marketing investments. I mean, it's really a matter of amplifying what we do really well at the grassroot level and amplifying that through PR and through communication, but not going through expensive traditional marketing tools. So we're building the product engine. We are reigniting the product engine, both from a design standpoint, but also from a quality and sourcing standpoint. And we're investing to grow our international platform, which really has a lot of demand. But long term, we should be going back to those mid-20s number. 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes. I mean, having done that with a few brands in the past, I mean, that's what's critical to an international -- to the international building of a global brand, which is very different from a North American brand selling its product outside of the United States. It's to really build deep, local knowledge in those markets and having both local talent understand the lululemon secret magic. And what we've done in the past is that we've started taking up some of our key talent and decentralize them in the region, hoping they would learn the regions. And we're switching this mindset to really bring great local talent in the regions. And right now, the hiring and onboarding of our general manager in Asia is a great example of hiring the guy that knows the market and understand how to adapt lululemon, what's very unique to lululemon to a market, and ramp it up very quickly. So we've got Ken back in Asia looking at locations for us, and we'll be going through the same process in Europe. And in areas of the world where either the market is complex or maybe doesn't have the scale for us to have a direct presence, I mean, we'll be looking at partners. The Middle East might be a good example for that. 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes, I think most of these investments right now relate -- [indiscernible] it's Laurent, at CRM and really thought of creating a seamless experience between online and brick-and-mortar and also sort of understanding our guests at a more micro level, so that we can have a more personalized experience with them. 
Laurent Potdevin: Well, I mean, when you think about -- when you go like -- when you go back 1 year, I mean, lululemon's made the headlines like every other weekend, has not participated in pretty much any of those discussions. And that was one of the largest findings, or one of the biggest findings that I discovered spending time here is that lululemon is an incredibly authentic brand. I mean, it's doing very unique, distinct, meaningful work in its communities. We have a set of 900 ambassadors that we support in North America, some outside of North America, that we just haven't given these people a voice. And I think that our grassroot strategy, our grassroot communication strategy has resonated incredibly well with people, but we need to amplify that. I don't think we really need to -- actually, we know we don't need to go to price or marketing strategy, but we need to take control about the discussion around lululemon, and really share more proudly and with humility who we are and what we stand for, which really differentiates us from everybody else. 
Laurent Potdevin: Well, if I can talk briefly about product. I mean, it's a movie that I've seen before, either in the luxury industry or in the action sports industry. I mean, when a brand becomes really iconic and is centered around a staple product, its consumer evolves and so are their needs. And there is stronger and stronger demand for seasonal product. I mean, I think we need to really, really find the language that we use around core and seasonal. But our guests are clearly speaking for more freshness and more better products in our line. And our fast-turn pod are allowing us to do that short-term and tierized building global organization, both from a design but also from a merchandising and planning standpoint that will allow us to address these needs and address them with short lead time. So, Tara, you want to add anything to that or... 
Laurent Potdevin: I think what's been really exciting is while we don't have the scale to make as much of that product as we'd like to and while our scarcity is a little too scarce, the response that we're getting for our product really validates the fact that we know how to answer our guests' needs. 
Laurent Potdevin: I mean, I think, it starts with the guest experience. I think it's taking the time. I mean, obviously, we've reflected on last year and we've learned from last year, and we've done that -- eventually done that with humility. And I think, that lululemon is -- you go back to our mission, which is really elevating the world to greatness. And I think, to do that well, we need to be inclusive. This past year, we've stumbled a couple of times, and we had to be defensive. But I think we are very proud of what we do. We're going to talk about that with confidence. And we really -- one of our largest asset is clearly our educators on the floor, in our stores, and I've visited a lot of them in the past 2 months, and they are the most committed people to the lululemon brand. It's just empowering them to get back on their feet and speak about the brand, the product and who we are, what we stand for with confidence, humility, but really, with the mindset of making our guests right, listening to them and being inclusive. 
Laurent Potdevin: Well, I can't really speak beyond 2014 at this point, but what I can tell you is that building the foundational work that we're doing both in Asia and Europe will allow us to accelerate that footprint. And I think we're going to evolve from a strategy of having a sequential approach to countries and regions. And building the foundation in both Europe and Asia will allow us to actually attack different regions in different countries, especially if you think about Western Europe at the same time. So I think that's where we're going to be able to see significant acceleration of building our footprint. And really sort of leveraging our showroom strategy, which has been successful in seeding and growing market, but doing that at a faster pace and simultaneously in different countries. 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes. I mean, actually, in -- we're looking this year at 3 locations that are going to be fully dedicated to men's: 1 in Miami, 1 in Vancouver... 
Laurent Potdevin: And Santa Monica. And we're seeing -- I mean, we've done tremendous work on our product. I mean, our product is resonating with the guys incredibly well. I mean, I think we have a great opportunity to play with our brand identity and decline our brand identity in a way that's going to resonate better with the guys and attach more to their activities and what they want to do, and we're working on that right now. 
Laurent Potdevin: I think, we're certainly not the only game in town anymore. But as we get back to our roots, we're really focusing on innovation. I mean, I don't want to spend too much time worrying about our competitors. I mean, I certainly want to know what they're doing, it's a validation of the strength of our market and its global relevance and its growth in every single global market. But we're going to get back to what we do best, which is inventing the future and really focusing on the magic that is very unique to lululemon, which is combining beautiful, as well as technical innovation. So certainly, something that we are aware of, but something that we're going to look forward rather than over our shoulder. 
Laurent Potdevin: I think maybe I'll let John speak to that. But before I do that, I think that -- to go back to the international strategy. I mean, we've opened showrooms and we've worked in a very sequential way. So we opened showrooms, then we look at stores and then we look at buildings and stuff. And I think it really -- going back to what I said earlier, it really does not have to be a sequential process. I mean, the showrooms are really a good way to see the market. But at the time we open the showrooms, we need to get the right stuff on the ground and we need to start looking at locations and have a very clear time frame by which we'll be moving forward. So just working in parallel rather than in a stereo fashion will allow us to accelerate that in markets where we know we're going to have a presence. 
Laurent Potdevin: And that's -- if I might add. I mean, that really -- that value comes with having the local deep expertise that we mentioned earlier, right? It's not how is Hong Kong going to adapt to lululemon, but how is lululemon is going to adapt to Hong Kong. And that's going to open a lot of doors to accelerate our international growth. 
Laurent Potdevin: And I want to thank you all for your time this morning, and I really look forward to speaking and meeting with many of you over the course of this year and next month at our Analyst Day, and continuing this discussion on realizing our vision for lululemon's future growth. Thank you. 
Tara Poseley: No, I think you articulated it well. I think that, again, roughly, probably about 50-50 for a seasonal to core product. But as Laurent is saying, our guest is really responding well to our seasonal product, and we're excited about that. And we are chasing into what we can for Q2, and making sure that in the back half of the year, we're getting that balance of core and seasonal nicely adjusted, and making sure that we are not running out so quickly in our beautiful seasonal product. 
Tara Poseley: So obviously, Q1 and Q2 were purchased about 8 to 9 months ago, starting in December-January timeframe. Seeing the guest response in Q4 to the seasonal product, really began looking at third and fourth quarter with the teams, looking at sell-throughs of current product, going back and adjusting the back half, getting the core inventories in line, shifting out receipts, taking a look at all of core for Q3 and Q4, and really understanding where we had opportunity to update. Because, quite frankly, it shouldn't matter whether it's core or if it's seasonal, I want to have beauty and technical in every single product that touches our floor. So that's why you'll see that gradual increase as you get into the back half of the year, as we get that core more in mind. We've been chasing into, even trying to chase into seasonal product in late Q2, getting more prints and textures in our bottoms, which have been trending very well. So, John, I don't know if there's anything else. 
Tara Poseley: Right. I mean, I think as we grow, I think our goal is having a e-Commerce site that will have the full breadth of our assortment. And then as you go into countries or regions of the United States, how we parcel that broader assortment up will be very related to the community, and what is the appropriate product in that community. And we're very excited about that going forward. And as you know, we've tested a lot of different capsules through the years. It's from tennis to golf. And as you think about going into southern markets or into warmer climates or even really amplifying Australia, what we can -- how we can mix these different capsules within our core and our seasonal product is really quite exciting to me. 
Tara Poseley: Absolutely. Obviously, I don't want to just play all of my cards, but definitely, I am a huge believer and advocate of the capsule. I think it's a great way to test new concepts. At the end of the day, I just want to bring extreme beauty and technical to every sport our guest does. And to me, that's exciting. We're going to keep experimenting with that. You can see our And Go collection that we launched. Probably you saw the press around that in spring. Fantastic guest response there. And you'll continue to see us experiment and grow that piece of the business. 
Tara Poseley: Okay. I think, throughout 2014, you'll continue to see us really build the foundation of our supply chain and sure that up. So I just -- I really want to stress that we're still continuing to build that muscle within the organization. From a quality standpoint, every stopgap's in place, so there will not be any bad quality getting to our customer, our guest. As you talk about the supply chain, one of the things that I've noticed coming into lululemon is that we have one go-to-market calendar, which is the 8 to 9 months calendar. In past companies -- and this what I'm going to be really focusing on, what I've felt is that I would have 3 distinct calendars: you have one managed more for the core, which might be slightly longer; then you have one that's more for the seasonal product, that is shorter end; and then you have a fast calendar. And so I think as this year, as we really fine-tune and get our main calendar strong, then we will begin, as we move into '15 and '16, to continue to sure up these 2 other tracks of bringing our product to the market. 
Tara Poseley: Yes, definitely improvement over the last year. And really, right now, the result of -- it's not from fallout, it's just, again, we brought the product 9 months ago. And hindsight, to 2020, we would've invested more heavily in the product, so it wasn't running out so quickly in the seasonal. 
