Christine Day: Thank you, Joe. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us to discuss our second quarter results. With me today is John Currie, our CFO. Following my opening remarks, I will turn the call over to John to review the financial details for the quarter and outlook for the third quarter and full year. Our business remained very healthy through the second quarter, and in the first half of 2011, we have achieved milestones for our company in sales productivity and operating margin while growing pretax income by more than 60%. And more importantly, our success continues to be based on running a healthy brand-focused business that consistently delivers product quality and innovation, along with a great guest experience, attributes that we are passionate about that have enabled us to build a brand recognition and win the loyalty of our existing customers. So not only are we growing nicely, including revenue growth of almost 40% in the second quarter, we also continue to invest in a strong foundation for building long-term success, and we believe that we are well positioned to continue our growth initiatives despite any potential recessionary retail environment and product inflation headwinds.  Adding to a major initiative earlier this year, which was transitioning our e-Commerce platform in-house, we also continue to advance on a number of fronts. First, we took the next step with ivivva with the launch of our new ivivva e-Commerce site in Canada with the U.S. to follow late fall. ivivva is all about dance, movement and fun, and we are excited to bring this to life for Canadian girls nationwide with our new online store that captures the vibrant colors and technical features of the product assortment, as well as other cool features on the new site. Also for ivivva, we are developing a new line in partnership with Disney Consumer Products for spring 2012 providing girls with dance-inspired athletic wear that fits their active lifestyle and ties back to the Disney Channel dance comedy series, Shake It Up! Next we are rolling out Australian stores at a more rapid pace this year than originally planned, now 7 stores versus an original plan of 2. We are very confident in our ability to continue to grow the Australian business, given the strong guest response to brand and business results and the great team that we have in place there.  We also continue to make new hires and investments and to spend on building our infrastructure for e-Commerce, international and other expansion plans in order to prepare for the future. Beginning next year, you will see us add additional country sites to our e-Commerce, along with other grassroot strategies to seize the market while remaining focused on the large opportunity we continue to have in the U.S.  Another major initiative for us has been improving our inventory flow. We have achieved one of our objectives, which is to be inventoried in our core and key items. Our inventory position on new and seasonal items is still a little lighter than we would like it to be for Q3, and we will continue to build levels in those categories throughout the quarter. Our focus going forward will be on-time deliveries and the flow of new styles for the optimal mix of colors, seasonal items and innovation. This matches our new product initiatives, which are focused on technical product, new fabrication, as well as new features within our basics such as a new seaming technology. Better flow of this merchandise is an opportunity for us in the remainder of 2011 and 2012, especially in Canada where our customer gravitates towards anything new that we introduce.  Looking at the second half of the year, we believe we can grow pretax income by close to 30% on top of strong growth a year ago despite product cost pressures. We have worked hard to develop a winning formula. We're going to stick with it and continue to make it even more potent as we develop new areas for growth. As we said on our last call, we are confident that we are strategically positioned to manage through the current economic environment. We see many opportunities ahead, and we are in a position to pursue them in a sensible way. We've strived to balance the expansion of our brand with the integrity of our brand and with the end result being long-term shareholder value creation.  Now over to John.
Christine Day: Thank you, John. And as always, I'd like to thank all of our educators and managers for making these results possible, as well as a big shout-out to our e-Commerce team for all of the work they did with the transition and how happy we are with the transition with the e-Commerce launch and excited about some of the initiatives that we have happening for Q3.  So with that, we'll open it up for questions.
Christine Day: Great. Let me start with the third one. In the U.S., the business has just been phenomenal, and the new markets that we're opening in, including and particularly the Midwest area, the guests have just been phenomenally responsive, so we're very happy with the productivity of our new stores. And just in general, very happy coast to coast with where the U.S. businesses and the growth that we're seeing there. In terms of new product innovation, first, we're just happy to have really great products in the stores. I think us and our guests are very relieved to see the level of products that we have. And in the Men's business right now, particularly we've got some great products in the outerwear that we're very excited about. It's the best Men's presentation we've had all year, and with that, I'm going to turn it over to Sheree to talk about some of the other new products such as we have the bike pod and some other things in the quarter.
Christine Day: On Hong Kong, we did move the showroom because we moved our office to a bigger location. So we're no longer on the 14th floor of a dental building. We are in a main office area, which did take it a little bit out of the retail traffic area. So we are looking at that from -- to put a second one in that's maybe closer back to the business trade area. That said, we want to make sure that we're really ready from a systems and an operating perspective to support the volume that we know that would do. So our constraint isn't market opportunity. It's just making sure we don't do things that distract from building the operating capability. Kathryn Henry, our new CIO, is working very hard to deliver a tremendous amount of capability in our supply chain and operating systems, and we don't want to distract from that effort by adding too early things that would not allow us to be as successful.
Christine Day: Maybe I'll start with the ivivva question. Where we've reached some scale in that business has really helped the operating margin of the business, and we have built out a team to successfully drive that business. So especially with going online, we're now exceeding the minimum. So our general manager of that business, Bree, has done a fantastic job building just the brand strategy that's really resonated with the guest, really firmed up the product line. So we're very excited about where we are with that concept and the opportunity. So we feel very positive about the business model, the brand model and how the guest is responding to that. So we're looking forward to expanding that concept. So your next question, Dana, was on...
Christine Day: I think with where we were in Q2 was getting back in stock. To meet the sales plan level that basically in our core and what we call key items, which are like mainly our colored tanks and your colored core. And then we were still chasing a little bit into Q3 some of the more seasonal and some of the technical new getting that in enough volume to support the growth opportunity. So that's probably where the timing in the beginning of Q3, we were still a little lighter than we would have wanted to be. We feel very good by the end of Q3, which we're hitting right now that we're there. And so we feel for Q4 we'll be in a very good inventory position not only in volume, but in mix. And then you'll see that really be in a good position for Q1. We don't want a repeat of last year, so we feel very good that we're in a good position for Q4 and Q1.
Christine Day: I think we're comfortable with the current level of anticipated costs, and we have enough efficiency in the system and leverage that we feel that the best value for the long-term brand is to stay kind of put. That said, what we look at is as we design a more technical garment that we do take the pricing on those. So I think you'll see the pricing kind of expand in the new garments with where we have that technical value that demonstrates for the guest and then keeping some of the core basic at the current level of pricing unless we do a specialty item for the season. So for instance, a specialty hoodie or defined jackets or something that has something unique in it, but keeping the basics priced well, and then taking pricing in the new technical garment and probably ending up with a more kind of blended approach.
Christine Day: We won't sell it through any of the Disney Channels, but we are working with them on unique opportunities, which would be either more pop up or trunk show-type things in the U.S. to increase our pressure -- our presence there. It will be sold to a select number of items that it will have a tag that will indicate them as Shake It Up! items, and those will be available online and in our stores.
Christine Day: We've only had a one strategic sales partner in the market that's gone back fully over 4 or 5 years now. And it's in the King's Road area and has done very, very well and continues to have as the brand grows tremendous demand. And we've expanded now to several other strategic wholesale accounts and what we do in the U.S. so that we have a presence there primarily for the Summer Olympics in 2012. And you'll see us do some activity around that, but we're not ready to a commit to opening that market until we really get our supply chain systems in place so that we can handle the complexity that we know that, that takes to execute. And we're really trying not to do a lot of ancillary things that detract from our ability to really get the infrastructure right, right now. So even though we see tremendous opportunity in those markets and great demand coming through on e-Commerce, we're trying to stay disciplined and not add any more complexity to the work that the team is doing right now.
Christine Day: We're definitely working in that digital space and building out Chris' team, and we had tremendous opportunity in things like content in our editorial voice in the brand area and sharing our story, which we think is really, really critical for us. So a lot of the web infrastructure, everything from that content side, certainly the e-Commerce platform and that breaks us into Catherine's team, the IT team building our debt. So we're able to be self-sufficient in our systems, not as dependent on outside contractors and consultants. So Catherine's done a very nice job of building a team since she's got here. And then still in the design group, we still see many opportunities to be innovative, and we have so many product ideas bringing in the talent to develop those and continuing to deepen our bench in the designers, which we view as a critical area. And then as we're growing as a company making sure that we have enough in our plan for succession planning and that we're at the executive and then developing the next layers is what we're really working on for you to see some general staffing increases at the mid-management level, but primarily areas are the digital IT, brand and products and supply chain and product.
Christine Day: I think the only thing I'd add, John, is the one thing I think is very different for us from like 2009 when the recession hit and we cut back to preserve capital to kind of re-transcend, build on solid growth, we feel we're not in that position at all anymore. So one thing we want to be really clear on is we would not see ourselves slowing down. The growth of new stores in a moderate recession, it would have to be something pretty catastrophic before we would make a decision to pull new stores.
Christine Day: I think just addressing Australia, maybe you're not familiar with the story there but Chip prior to going public had opened a franchise there with a partner, and then he sold it to David Lawn at the time we went public and who is the former CEO of Rip Curl. And so David Lawn and some partners started to expand the concept there, and we bought it into that last year to the 80% mark. So David's developed a very profitable business model in Australia, and for us, there is tremendous learnings there about supporting an international market. And the learnings we also get from high labor costs and the high occupancy costs, how the model will translate globally has definitely been a benefit to us for future growth. And as we said in the call, our focus is North America. But in Canada, you've got a business that's 11 years old. It's very high productivity. We believe in a more scarcity model with stores with very high volume per store, and we've also teamed with this guest in Canada. We own a tremendous amount of her activewear wardrobe, and there's been tremendous demand to create that for a younger group of girls. And what we saw happening for the brand in Canada was as the customer got younger and younger, our target avatar is that 32-year-old, and she doesn't want to wear what 11-year-olds are wearing. So we felt strategically if we did not address product for that younger girl, there would be brand erosion in the Canadian market for our core lululemon. And so we've got a very successful concept in ivivva that we believe has great legs, but we are not in any way distracted from the North American opportunity for lululemon, which is why we're not -- even though we see tremendous global opportunity right now, pursuing that and staying focused on building the infrastructure to support the North American, particularly the U.S. expansion.
Christine Day: Okay, on the yoga pant competition, we certainly see a proliferation in the marketplace of copy cat product that comes from sometimes the technical players, meaning the athletic wear players and -- but a lot from what I'd call the other softline casual wear, activewear-type players, with the performance and quality level is not really comparable. And I think that's our huge competitive advantage is the technical detailing of the pants, the longevity of it, the fit of the garment. So we're not really seeing anybody come up with something that as directly comparable, and the different channels that they're sold to. I think our guest experience in the store is also what brings that guest back. So even though there's a lot of proliferation, it's really coming at that lower -- it's on price in general and there are quality issues at that price for the guest. So we're not currently seeing any erosion or substitutions from our core guest who seems to be very loyal. In Men's, we've been very light on product as we've kind of re-shifted the line. We really felt in the past we weren't -- we had a lot of casual wear pieces and we weren't technical. So we stripped those out, stripped the inventory down and have worked on building a lot more technical line for Men's. And the response has been terrific. We have some items that the men are just incredibly loyal to such as the technical shirts and the shorts. And we're just now building on that targeted line. We have a fantastic new Men's designer. We're very excited about the product that he's putting out, and we think the Men's product we have in the store right now is some of the best that we've had. And I think you'll continue see that grow at a pace faster than Women's, but still staying still below that 15% in the store in the short term.
Christine Day: We don't believe in a lot of formal research, but we believe in being present and being out there a lot. And so what I'm seeing and the team is seeing is a deep, deep affection and love of the brand for everything that we stand for, not only that product quality but the guest experience inside the stores, on the education, how we participate in the community that authentic giving, our relationship with ambassadors and the work that we do to support their businesses and in a very genuine way. I think what we're seeing is a very deep brand loyalty, which we're very proud of. And I think importantly, the people know that the product stands for something more than just the quality of the product. Really the brand association is with living a great and healthy life that you love, and that's really what we're focused on, and people know that the brand is more than just a product. And that they come to us for whether it's the goal-setting sessions that we do at our stores, as well as the free yoga classes that we do. People come in to feel good, and they feel good about the association with the brand, and that's critical part of our strategy is to continue on that.
Christine Day: I think most men would deny that, but we see I think there are a lot of technical products. And I think certainly, we see more men coming in to yoga, and we are that technical product for them. And I think we are seeing from like the underwear, the running shorts, the technical tops. Once we see the guys put on a piece of those and I was just a trail race with my husband and we saw a lot more men in the product, and we were really pleased with the penetration that we're seeing there and talking to some of the men that are in the garments like those are their favorite shorts that fit. So they want 12 of them, and they come in, they buy 12 at once. We're really seeing great response from them.
Christine Day: But I think there's more opportunity for leverage in that. If you think about the fact that we've been basically rushing product to market for about 6 months or 7 months, there are certain inefficiencies in that process that as we get some our flow control of next year that will also offset and give us some room.
Christine Day: That's definitely our focus and where we believe we have the opportunity to differentiate. What we've seen happen in the past recessions is people strip quality and details out of product to lower price point, yet the guest that we serve really wants those, and that's given us tremendous opportunity to take market share. And our guests respond to that, and that's what differentiates continuing her to make that purchase. So technical is our emphasis, and we add beauty to garments, but we want to make sure that people recognize this isn't about adding fashion. This is about adding technical function, and the detailing that's functional that she's looking for but we do it in a beautiful way. So that you will continue to see us penetrate more and more of the line, but yet keep a very strong basic key and core so that we have, so which is highly technical and quality product but differentiating ourselves even more with that technical product but at the upper end. So right now, the key and core is something close to about 65% of the business plus or minus on a regular basis so that might lower a few percentage points as we penetrate with even more technical product.
Christine Day: Well, the first one up will be Australia because we want to make sure that we address market pricing because of the strong Australian dollar and the duty situation there where you can bring a package in under $100,000 without duties. So we want to make sure that we set that market up for long-term success and have pricing parity in the market and a great product available for the guests, so that will be our first, and then we do have a strategic list of markets that follow that, which I'm not ready to disclose yet.
Christine Day: I think we've been pretty consistent in the 20 to 30 range. Each one has been very successful. We are expanding or exceeding the New Zealand market now, which we also see as part of that.
Christine Day: I think for us, the most important is a relationship with the quality manufacturer that meets all of our sustainability guidelines and that [indiscernible] we operate at the high end of the manufacturing spectrum so we need the quality sewer. So we're not as concerned about the labor, which is built into our model as we are about expanding in a way that gives us the best duty rates into the U.S. and in other future markets that we want to expand into. We have few manufacturers that we work with that we work with them on a very deep relationships. They've been building factories for us over the 2 years that have been coming online. And I just got back from a recent trip visiting 5 new factories, and really, really pleased with the partnerships that we have and the capacity that we continue to develop for the product level.
Christine Day: We believe we have the best educators in the world that's critical to our guest strategy, and what we're very conscious of is with a lot of knockoffs coming into the marketplace, if you hire a few lululemon people, you've got really a trained program. So we haven't seen that, but we want to make sure that our educators know that they're valued for the work that they do. And with having fewer stores with really great flow-through, part of our key strategy is making sure that our store manager and our educators are paid very well and comparatively in the marketplace because that's what gives us that community constancy, which is critical to the brand.
Christine Day: We gave an hourly increase, and we have changed some of the upside in terms of their daily and other commission structures. So that as they deliver the upside, there's more that goes in for them.
Christine Day: I'd like to thank everybody for joining us today, and we look forward to continuing great momentum through the back half of the year. Thank you, everyone.
Sheree Waterson: Great. As Christine just mentioned, we had a cycling capsules that did very well, and we continue to leverage our learnings from this capsules and put those into both our yoga and our run technologies. On the technical front, we have more no sew technology than we've ever had before, which is laser cutting and gluing, laser cut venting and mesh technology, along with more seamless technology and something that we're calling, Light As Air, which is ultra light jackets, ultra light run skirts and ultra light run tops. So those have all been really very well-received.
Sheree Waterson: I have to say we love cycling. We absolutely do there's -- because of the fact that it's a multi-pronged type of business. It's commuting, it's road-biking, it's spins. It's all of that. And the capitals have been successful. We have a strategy to leverage e-Commerce for this as well, so that we can show our cycling capital for a longer period of time. Right now for the next couple of quarters, we're just going to be leveraging the capital strategy that we have, which is infusing our current assortment with drops quarterly or twice quarterly and stay tuned, stay tuned.
Sheree Waterson: Sure. Cotton is coming down, but as I mentioned in the last call, we are not a cotton house, we're a technical house. So the benefits of that might be seen more elsewhere than at lululemon, but we are obviously, seeing those benefits. But additionally, we continue to invest in technology. So one thing that you'll see is more innovation in terms of our run line, our cycling line and so on and so forth. So you'll see some of that gain offset by additional investment in technical products.
Sheree Waterson: Yes, outerwear is a category that's on fire for us right now. And I guess the question that you'd ask is are we going to be doing more outerwear. I think we're going to be doing more variety in outerwear. Our guest is really, really responding to not only the function, but the beauty and the novelty I think of some of the offerings. So we're looking at that. There's also other types of outerwear that are coming up on our radar like lightweight puffy's so on and so forth that are excellent as part of the layering system for run or upper yoga. So, yes.
Sheree Waterson: This is Sheree. I think we continue to add newness in our bags and we also -- our guests loves it when we have technical run accessories that go with the run technical lines that we have. So we're looking forward to doing more of that. And one thing that I think that we're going to capitalize on this year in addition to more variety in some of the bags and as I said, the technical is just more better outfitting that we have, which is a huge gift item is our luon outfits tops and so on and so forth have been great gift-giving items so.
John Currie: Yes, as I said last quarter, we're opening new stores. I mean, it's hard to extrapolate when the store's only been opened for a few weeks. But we're opening stores in the U.S. in the Midwest and thousands, 1,100 or higher per square foot trajectory. The U.S. average is now up well over 1,300 a foot. So it's as you'd expect, it's 75%, 80% of the more mature U.S. store base, which is a great place to start and will contribute to the high comps going forward.
John Currie: Okay. So maybe I'll start on the gross margin question. Actually, the inflationary pressure on our gross margin was similar in Q2 to what it was in Q1. Q2, I think the -- a pleasant result, better than we had expected was we continue to see very little, if any, markdown, and that made a huge contribution to the product margin in Q2. And in addition, I mean, there's a number of smaller items. We've been working on the efficiency of our duties. There's efficiencies through shifting to other countries and the way we characterize our buys from our suppliers, we can reduce duties. And that's starting to benefit our gross margin.
John Currie: Okay. So, I mean, going into the comp guidance, a number of things. And first of all, the stronger performance last Q3 that we're lapping, and that's the same for Q4. In terms of our inventory position, as we mentioned, maybe a little bit lighter than we like to have been at the start of the quarter but definitely improving through this quarter and through the rest of the year. As always, our guidance, our outlook is influenced by what's going on in the macroeconomy. We all read the headlines. Having said that, we're not saying that we're seeing that in our business. But we're just being cautious of what's going on in the world. From a competitive point of view, as always, we're watching the competition. We're aware of them. We are not seeing any measurable impact from new competition.
John Currie: No, what we saw in early August was light inventory coming into the quarter. And when inventory came in, our sales reflected that fact.
John Currie: Your question on operating margins, as you say, we are showing improvement both in stores and direct with the comp store sales increases and even new stores with pretty good leases we're signing, we're getting good leverage on occupancy and depreciation. So that's what's driving that and in particular, we worked hard over the past couple of years to put caps in on our percentage rent. So there's a lot of stores now that were hitting that cap and therefore, the leverage on higher volumes drops to the operating margin. On the direct side, I think what you saw this quarter was being the first quarter on our own platform, you're seeing the kind of flow-through that we can achieve in that business, which, of course, excites me, until Chris Ladd says he actually has to spend some money to achieve the tremendous growth I think we can see in revenue in that channel. So you'll probably see over the next few quarters, as I've mentioned, some investments to continue to improve the website and then even into next year as we add country-specific sites for other countries. There'll be an investment that will moderate the operating margin in that channel. But as you can see, it's very strong.
John Currie: In Q1, as you recall, it's very distinct because it was, as I said back then, we started Q1 at a 20% comp. When we ran low, it dropped to low double digits. It wasn't so defined in Q2. So we're better. It's a bit lumpy though.
John Currie: I'd rather not because it's a point in time, and that means we have to be precise on the timing of the flow. We've got lots of inventory coming in adequate to meet our targets for Q3 and Q4. But I don't want to pin to a number.
John Currie: Sure. I mean Canada, as you know, we've been here for 11 years now, tremendous productivity. And a lot of other retailers are calling out Canada as being a problem in the first half of the year. We're continuing to see positive comps in Canada in spite of some level of maturity here. And our business here gets even stronger when we have that new product, that innovative product come in. So we're solid single-digit comps in Canada. In the U.S. and Australia, you're seeing similar levels of comp store increases each year, and it's somewhat masked by the overall. Both the U.S. and Australia are comping well into the 30s. So if you just isolate those 2 countries, that's tremendous growth in a tough environment as you say. And yes, we continue to see that in spite of the macro environment.
John Currie: Yes, because of the transition as you recall, it was something lower I think it was about 7.4% in Q1, 8.8% in Q2, which was lower at the start of the quarter and ended the quarter at something close to that 10% level. So with us being a little bit behind that 10% target, we still feel that we'll very close to that for the year, but not likely to be above that for this fiscal year.
John Currie: Yes, absolutely. I mean, our -- and that's been the last 2 quarters and the last -- end of last year, I think I've said every call that our gross margins come through higher than even we anticipated because of the real lack of markdowns. But the balance is if we want a better inventory position to meet demand by definition, there will be more cleanup, more markdowns. And so that can be a couple of hundred basis points of difference in the gross margin, and we do expect that.
John Currie: I mean, of course, we're not guiding on next year's store count yet. But as you know, with all the showrooms and all of the work we're doing to see market and make sure that we're prepared in every way to open new stores. We do have the ability to open more stores in this year. I'd say likely next year, it'll be more stores than this year. But we're not at a point to be more specific yet. But the capability is there to open at or above this level.
John Currie: Let me just quickly deal with the currency one. I think last year, Q2 the Canadian dollar was about $0.97. It's about $100 a dollar for this year. It translated to somewhere in the neighborhood of $0.01 a share.
John Currie: Australia, I'd say, is running sort of a year or 2 behind the U.S. in terms of the brand recognition. So we're seeing about $1,000 a square foot in Australia and a very high comp in the 30s. ivivva is still pretty young, and it's 700 to 800 a square foot at this point, but again comping very well.
John Currie: Okay, really quickly on Canada. As I said, the Canadian business is comping somewhere in the single digits. Q2 is actually slightly stronger comp than we saw in Q1. So it's not trending down. It's slightly the opposite.
John Currie: Okay, well, some of the inflation that we've already seen will continue. I mean as Sheree mentioned, cotton prices are down, and so to the extent that we have cotton in our mix, there's some improvement going back to product cost that we saw more like a year ago. But other elements of inflation in our cost structure haven't reversed. For example, labor rates in a lot countries where manufacturing is taking place, that's not reversing. They continue. It's hard to have much of a crystal ball. So yes, I don't think you'll see much of a reversal, but I don't think the increase will be as significant as what we saw this year.
John Currie: Well, that's pretty typical if you're talking about sequential quarters. Because of the high volume in Q4, we do get leverage on SG&A. So that's what you'd be seeing.
John Currie: Yes, they're proving to be primary markets. As I've said, our new store productivity, stores that we've opened really since we went deep in the showroom strategy a year, 1.5 years ago, so the stores we opened in 2010 and early days the stores were opening in 2011 are opening again, I mean, there's a range but on average, somewhere around that 1,100 per square foot level, which again is much higher than what we've seen previously, lower than the more mature market average. But that's to be expected. So we continue to be very pleased with the way things go.
Jennifer Black: You've done a great job with your jackets as far as the diversity, and it looks like there's a lot more detail in your outerwear, which I just noticed you raised your price point on the new raincoat. And I wondered if you could give a little bit more color on these categories as far as will you do more outerwear? I know it's been a small percent, and then I have a follow-up question.
Jennifer Black: Well, and my follow-up I have actually 2 follow-up questions. You've done a great job as far as the improvements on your website, and I wondered if you -- there were additional improvements coming, and will you have the ability at some point, I don't know if you have the systems to pull inventory from the web or from other stores. Will the sales associates be able to do that? And then I have one more question.
Jennifer Black: Okay. Great. Well, my last question has to do with what your strategies are for holiday and accessories. Will we see accessories and any comments about holiday would be great.
Chris Ladd: Jennifer, it's Chris. I think what you saw in Q2 was us really settling into the platform and really understanding how the team works with it. And I think where you're seeing us focus now and to give you a preview of what's coming, yes, look for some expanded improvements heading into holiday for the site itself. And then I think longer term, we are looking at what are those right cross-channel opportunities specifically around the inventory availability to allow our guests to find the products that they're looking for and how can we help them. So I think that's more of a broader-term strategy for us, but I think you will see us focused in the short term on improving the overall experience on lululemon.com. And we've been really excited to do that in the short term.
Chris Ladd: Yes. And, Jennifer, I don't know if you saw, we did launch our mobile site in the quarter, and that product is already exceeding our expectations. We know that our guest is a pretty active mobile user. She has her particular iPhone with her during the day, and she's actually transacting pretty regularly on it, and so we're really pleased with the progress we've made to-date so far there.
Chris Ladd: Yes, I think that's a longer-term strategy for us and one that we're looking at right now. I think initially just getting the right level of product availability in the inventory in our DCs to serve our current e-Commerce business has been our primary focus. And then once we sharpen the pencil there and get better at that, I think you'll see us expand our strategies beyond that.
