Laurent Potdevin: Thank you, Oliver. That was a lot of questions. Well, the Everlux fabric totally fits in our Engineered Sensation, in a more high-sweat studio environment. So it's really the continuation of what we've seen be really successful with our guests, delivering the feel that they need depending on their sweaty activities from outdoor to indoor and from high sweat to low sweat. So it's the continuation of pursuing innovation in our Engineered Sensation franchise. And given the success that we've seen with Nulu and Nulux, we're actually thrilled to continue to innovate in that area. From a men's standpoint, I mean, we're going to -- we've got a great campaign coming up with the ABC franchise that you're going to be seeing expanded. And I would point that in Q2, we've seen a really, really strong inflection with tops in general, both men's and women's, short sleeve and long sleeve, with really strong comp in the low 20s. So very happy with that. And obviously, the launch of the Enlite Bra shows that when we lead with innovation, I mean, we launched our highest price point bra, which quickly became the #1 selling bra. So that really sort of validates our position as the brand that created this market that leads with innovation. And when we deliver value to our guests, we actually have a tremendous opportunity to continue to increase AUR. As far as categories in the future, I mean, we're really excited about the assortment that will -- that is landing for jackets and outerwear. I think the pilot that we're doing with footwear really speaks to how nimble our stores are in adapting to new categories, but also the strength and the elasticity of the brand in expanding our presence in multiple categories. So very, very excited about what's coming up. 
Laurent Potdevin: And Kate, this is Laurent. I would add quickly that our focus on innovation also allows us to expand on margin through AUR. I mean, like the Enlite Bra being a really good example of that. And when I think about our focus on accessories and outerwear, those are 2 categories that have a lot of growth ahead of themselves with -- there's a lot of innovation and really healthy margins. So I mean, like our innovation will drive AUR, which in return will continue to drive margin expansion. 
Laurent Potdevin: Thank you. Well, I mean, we look at this pilot as a great opportunity for learn -- to learn. I mean, obviously, APL sort of lives in a similar space as we do, at the intersection of function and fashion, so it was a very natural collaboration for us. And it's -- we've been able to learn how to potentially add footwear to our assortment in our stores. And in Q4, we'll continue to pilot with an online assortment. So I mean, it's definitely an adjacent category. And we're intrigued. And we don't need the category to deliver on our 2020 commitment. So I think that's really what's critical. I mean, we're looking at a number of categories. Some of it might be in the world of product that are three-dimensional, the way you know it but far too dense. Some of it might be in the world of services or content. And so we're being very curious. We don't need any of those categories to achieve our 2020 vision to get our revenues to $4 billion. And we're excited about the learning. So we're going to continue to look at the potential of the categories and how it ties to what we're doing. And we'll see more of that in the early part of 2018. 
Laurent Potdevin: Well, it's a good question. I mean, we're really seeing like our efforts paying off across all of our key 4 pillars across digital, men's, international and North America. I mean, I think we've got a tremendous opportunity ahead of us. Not that it's not doing well, but there's an opportunity to realize both in accessories and outerwear. And we're really increasing our focus in both categories. I mean, accessories is a really high-margin category. It's got a lot of upside, but it's also a great point of entry for people to get into the brand and become our guest. So we're excited about that. I think we've got opportunity to do -- to have a stronger and wider assortment, both in bags, socks and intimates. And I'm really passionate about the work that we can do with outerwear. When you think about what we've done with Engineered Sensation and translating that to the world of outerwear with the amount of innovation that's available in that world and it's another high-margin category. So I would point out to these 2 categories with -- not necessarily where we're not doing well because we're really pleased with the assortment that's landing for jackets and outerwear this fall, but a lot of upside and both for men's and women's, actually. 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes, I mean, I think, I'm not sure that I think about it in terms of number of store is the right metric, to be honest. I mean, we're seeing what we've done during Unroll China and how we were able to live stream to 150,000 guests. That was incredibly powerful. You look at our performance on Tmall being 175% up year-over-year. That's an incredible avenue for us to put eyeballs on the brand. And our densification strategy in key cities, whether it's London, Beijing, Shanghai or Tokyo, is really paying off. Because when we look at sort of the halo that it creates in Tier 2 cities from a social media or from a brand awareness standpoint, it's actually really, really powerful. I mean, I was really very pleasantly surprised with the impact of This Is Yoga in China, where for a very low cost of acquisition, we were able to create tremendous brand awareness. So I think that we're not going to get ahead of our ourselves with stores. I mean, we want to be really sort of vibrant in the communities that we're in, mostly in those Tier 1 cities where we're densifying. And I think that we'll continue to look at footprint the same way we're looking at it in the U.S. and like you saw products like what the work -- what the team is doing in North America where, in a mature market, we're actually incredibly nimble with the number of store formats, from local, all the way to what we've done recently on Fifth Avenue. So I think it's more a question of really being strong in those Tier 1 cities and then leveraging that, the halo that it creates with a strong digital ecosystem. And I mean, in Asia, we've got a great sort of presence on Tmall, and we're partnering with WeChat in pretty powerful ways so. And as far as the growth, I mean, the growth is -- it's consistent with what we said in the past. I mean, it's -- we're really, really excited. There's such strong momentum in Asia. It's a little bit slower in Europe. But I was there this summer, and I could -- the difference in Paris and Munich in terms of excitement, the number of studios, how people sweat was very, very noticeable. So I -- and we've got 50% growth year-over-year in that market. So I mean, it's by no means left far behind. I think it will grow slower. And we're really focused on China right now, which we think by 2020 will represent probably 60% to 70% of that Asia Pacific market. And then there was a second part to the question. 
Laurent Potdevin: Well, I mean, I think, we're very differentiated and we've got such a strong, unique point of view. And first of all, we created this market, and then we're driven by innovation. I mean, we're certainly not focused on being competitive to gain market share. And we're so much more than a channel. I mean, we're a brand. I mean, we created this market. We're driven by innovation. We're an originator brand. I think that's a very unique positioning. I mean, we're best in the world at human connection and at product and at solving problems for the athletes. And in the process of doing that, I mean, we're engaged with our guests every step of the way. And I think that's really unique and really powerful. I mean, people are looking for -- they are a lot more intentional with their purchases and how they behave with brand. And that's such a massive asset for us. When I think about men, I mean, I think there's a really strong redefinition around the world with what masculinity means. And again, our positioning is really unique there at the intersection of athleticism and mindfulness. So I think it's probably a mistake to look at us as a channel, like a lot of the brands you're probably thinking about. I mean, we're first and foremost a brand and that creates a form of loyalty. So I mean, our positioning is unique, and we're very, very pleased. So we don't see pressure in categories where we need to be more promotional. If anything, when we deliver innovation, we continue to be incredibly pleased with how it resonates with our guests. 
Stuart Haselden: And Oliver, to answer your questions on digital, we've made great progress in the second quarter. As we look at how that's reflected in our KPIs, we're seeing a really strong improvement sequentially in conversion as well as traffic. And I think as you -- most evident as you shop the site, you can see the improvements we've made in visual merchandising, the integration of the photography improvements with just how the site shops has been meaningful in how we've been able to improve the guest experience online. On your question specifically with regard to the integration with the stores. I think the majority of the focus there has been enabling and unlocking the omnichannel aspects of our business model. The -- just pooling -- how we're able to connect the pools of inventory between the different channels has been the real focus. From a mobile standpoint, I would say we have a lot of opportunity to make improvements there. That is something that, I think, is still in front of us in terms of tackling that as a major element of the broader digital strategy. I think as we look at the website upgrades, as we look forward to -- further into Q3 and the website upgrades that we're looking to accomplish with the completion of the update that we're in the work of now, I think importantly, we're going to see additional visual merchandising enhancements. We'll be able to better shop -- guests will be able to better shop. Our outfitting options -- we'll create better outfitting options. We'll have a more powerful presentation of our franchises, such as the ABC pant that Laurent mentioned. And we're also going to importantly create greater flexibility for our e-commerce team to make updates quickly. The earlier version of the site is very brittle. It's not -- we're not able to make changes quickly. The new update will enable us to have a read-and-react capability we haven't had previously. So that will be important to ensuring we've got the -- our best foot forward with what's working on the website. There'll be some checkout improvements but more substantive checkout improvements later in the year. So we're really pleased with the progress. It's showing up in our results and look forward to providing further update on the Q3 call. 
Stuart Haselden: Sure, Kate. The -- first, just let me say, we're really pleased with how the teams have developed a very disciplined process across design, merchandising, planning, sourcing and logistics over the last couple of years. That effort of the team has really enabled the improvement that we've seen. As we have described, the step function improvement in the gross margin has unfolded as we have expected in the second half of '16 into the first half of '17. That being said, we are identifying ongoing opportunities to improve our product margin, not only from just the -- as we grow in scale and gain scale economies in our sourcing structure but also through a very deliberate segmentation of our supply chain. As we look at how long products live on our floor, we're able to source them more efficiently based on the lifespan they have within our assortment. And in addition to that -- and we spoke to this, I believe, a little bit on the last call, we're looking to build new capabilities in our supply chain around speed and flexibility. The opportunities we have to stage fabric, to be able to respond to demand as we see it emerging, offers really important opportunities not only to capture incremental sales as we're in a better in-stock position but also to do that in a favorable margin outcome. So those are new capabilities that we're looking to build. We're in a much stronger place to be able to play offense, if you will, with our supply chain, a place where we weren't -- we didn't have those options a couple years ago. So very excited to see those new opportunities emerging. 
Stuart Haselden: Sure, Matt. Yes, it's -- the supplier that we're making reference to is one of our closest and most important partners. And the efforts that they're in, in that regard is something we've been in discussions with them around for a while. So in some level, the volumes we'd be looking to place with them have been a part of their decision, I think, to pursue that particular opportunity. And the benefits are obvious in that the speed to market as well as the cost structure advantages are strategically appealing. And we would certainly -- we're constantly looking at different options, different regions of the world and looking, at the same time, to diversify our supplier base to create the strongest combination of suppliers. So the regional appeal of having something closer to our home market is pretty compelling. And it's certainly something that we'll look to explore and amplify where we see that it makes sense. 
Stuart Haselden: Paul, let me start with the warehouse sale question. It's really -- the decisions and when we make those decisions to hold warehouse sales are really driven by our inventory position and where we see the sell-throughs and the inventory position that it makes sense for us to go ahead and pull the trigger on holding those events. We don't do it as a revenue driver. And so as we think about our revenue outlook for the second half of the year, it's not dependent on any warehouse sales. And again, we'll continue to evaluate our inventory position and make a decision on how to -- how and when and if we'll hold one in the second half. Certainly, longer lead time on the physical warehouse sales than the online. And we also -- we don't want to train our guest to wait for those. And so we want to have -- we don't want to have a predictable cadence of when we host those warehouse sales. And so we may or may not end up doing one or some combination of them in the second half. It's a lever we have to pull to stay on top of our inventory movement. The customer question around who is the customer that participates in that. It's a combination of probably some of our best customers as well as more price-sensitive customers. And we're pleased with the pretty robust interest that we see around both of those formats I think is a testament to the demand and the appetite for the brand. And also how we don't do it often. And so when we do it, we see a pretty frothy response to those sales. And then you had a question on tops versus bottoms. So we have -- we continue to see a really strong sell-through in bottoms. Strong double-digit sell-throughs really in the 20s for both women's and men's pants in the second quarter and extending into the third quarter. Tops have been strong as well, very healthy high single digit, low double-digit trends in both men's and women's tops in Q2 and into Q3. So [ other ] than stronger, but we're not unhappy with the tops trend. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes, Mark, it's Stuart. So really pleased with the e-commerce trend that we saw in the second quarter. And as I mentioned, conversion in particular recovered nicely. I think that's a result of the work that we had talked about as part of that digital acceleration effort. And the warehouse sale did exceed our expectations. It was -- actually, it set a record for us in terms of the amount of volume that we did with an online warehouse sale. So it was well above expectations. And as we think about the guidance into Q3, we're certainly putting that aside as we look at that mid-single-digit guide and looking at the trends that we're seeing currently in the business sort of more in line with the e-commerce also in Q2, excluding the warehouse sale. But there's -- there are benefits that we see in the second half of the year, in Q3 and Q4, from a digital standpoint. As we complete the website work that we just talked about, we are expecting that to have a tailwind on our e-commerce trend. We're still realizing benefits from This Is Yoga. We have ongoing investments in digital marketing. I think our product assortment is continuing to improve. Big opportunities for us in jackets and outerwear that Laurent mentioned into the second half of the year as that part of the assortment, in particular, improves. And on the brand marketing side, you heard Laurent mention the men's campaign that you will see later in September that will coincide with the introduction of several new styles in our ABC franchise, the first of which is our ABC slim pants that's in stores and on the website now and is really exceeding expectations. So there's a number of things that we believe offer upside opportunity for us in the second half of the year, both from a product standpoint, a brand marketing standpoint and from a channel execution standpoint. So really excited for what's in front of us. 
Stuart Haselden: Right, on profitability. And so, Matt, now we're seeing a nice acceleration in Asia. I think we've spoken to that previously. At this point, we expect Asia to be breakeven inclusive of Australia. So Asia Pacific to be breakeven from a profitability standpoint this year. And it's going to -- we're going to be a little bit longer on the -- to reach that same milestone in our European business but feel good about the progress there as well. So then as we kind of think about the international combination of those markets and when they will collectively reach profitability, that's something we can speak to, I think, subsequently. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. Certainly, Ike. So on the markdown question, in the second quarter, we had -- as we talked about, we had a really successful online warehouse sale that accounted for that 14 points in e-commerce. So that was really what drove the elevated markdowns in the second quarter. And so I mean, otherwise, we had a very healthy ongoing sort of markdown comp in our normal channel. So that is really isolated to the warehouse sale. As we look at the SG&A picture into the second half, we're pleased to see that the SG&A management efforts that we've been working on, paying off. That's reflected in the SG&A outlook for the third quarter as well as sort of what we're signaling for the fourth quarter in terms of leverage in the fourth quarter. And it's really a -- it's a combination of completing some of those onetime investments that we have related to the digital acceleration in the third quarter. And then those are sort of rolling off, if you will, into the fourth quarter and then being able to recognize the full benefit of the cost management efforts into the fourth quarter. It's also the largest quarter from a sales standpoint, offers the greatest degree of opportunity to leverage our fixed cost. And we do certainly see leverage on SG&A as a priority as we look forward over the next several years. As we've talked about, our longer-term model holds that we will deliver modest SG&A leverage as part of the strategy to achieve operating profit north of 20%. We believe that the product margin recovery that we've seen and the gross margin that it supports is on track to achieve that 20% EBIT margin. And we see the -- after we begin to clear some of these onetime investments, we'll see leverage in SG&A that'll further complement that gross margin picture and connects to, in our model, achieving that 20% EBIT margin. So certainly -- certainly part of the strategy and part of the long-term outlook. So thanks for your question. 
