Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Glenn, for the introduction and for the support you have provided me as I jumped into my new role. I'm very excited to speak with you from Vancouver as a member of the lululemon team. As this is only my second week on the job, I'll keep my comments brief.  First and foremost, I'd like to congratulate the team on the tremendous results we've just posted for quarter 2 and the strong momentum we're now seeing into quarter 3. I'm very excited to now be part of helping to create the next chapter of growth at lululemon as we continue to build on this success.  Stuart and PJ will take you through the details of our quarter 2 results and forward guidance. But first, let me offer some color on what attracted me to lululemon and my initial impressions after 10 days on the job. Being the CEO of lululemon is my dream job. I've chosen to focus my career on retail and brand building because I love to work with people, create product and innovate. I'm also an athlete. The opportunity to combine my professional passions with my personal ambitions is what makes this opportunity so exciting. Firstly, the people of lululemon are an especially inspirational group, which has been very clear to me over the past 2 weeks. The unique culture with its focus on leadership, personal development and driving results is at the root of our success. It's both humbling and energizing to join such a talented group, and I look forward to working with the leadership team to help take us to the next level.  Secondly, the product at lululemon is exceptional. I've been an avid guest for years and a fan of the product. I believe the quality, fabric, fit and technical innovation stand far above our competitors. It's very exciting to keep building on these unique attributes and help develop into new areas. And finally, the innovation at lululemon is a core component of the DNA. The brand is iconic and our guests have given us permission to think about how we expand our offering to them in both product and services. When combined with the talent on this team, the future opportunities are very exciting. I look forward to how we continue to develop our guest ecosystem, connected via digital across all of our channels and geographies and extending our capabilities in loyalty where we have an opportunity to create something that is first unique and will further differentiate our brand. The combination of these elements, people, product and innovation are really my passion, and I'm thrilled to see where we can take them here at lululemon. Before I pass it over to Stuart, I'll conclude by telling you how I plan to spend my initial time at the company. I feel it's important to meet as many people in the organization as possible. In my initial weeks and months, I'll spend time in every part of the organization: in stores, our store support centers, our distribution centers and our guest education centers. My approach is to listen and to learn as much as possible about the organization and our guests from the teams across the company and to become grounded in all things lululemon. This is an exciting time indeed to be joining lululemon. It's good to speak with you all today, and I look forward to getting to know you over the coming weeks and months.  And with that, I'll now hand it over to Stuart. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Mark. Well, why don't I start off. I'll hand the last part of the question over to Stuart, but I'll start off with sharing some of the similarities that I think exist between lululemon and the Sephora business. And the first one is the culture and values of both organizations. Lululemon is made up of an incredible strong talented group of individuals that are highly engaged, and that's across the entire organization. And retail is a people business. And when you have that level of engagement from stores to Store Support Centre, our ability to bring this brand to life and continue to build and develop it as a lovemark is very unique in retail and it's something that both organizations share. There's this notion or spirit of a disruptive innovator and I mentioned that, that's core to the DNA. And at lululemon, it is really throughout the entire organization. If you go back 20 years from how we came to be and that disruption and what was innovated to today, it lives throughout the organization and it's something that is within how we do things and it allows us to just approach problems differently and to think differently and it's a very strong similarity. Third, I'd say, both organizations put the guest at the center of all decisions of how we think about solving problems, how we think about growing and developing and innovating. And I think that's key to the success of a business today, that barriers and silos don't truly exist in the organizations. It's all about what's right for the guest regardless of the point of view or the areas of the business that, that leader may be leading, how they come forward is critical. And finally, and it builds to, I think, the point you are making, which is both have the ability to be exceptional and are exceptional experiential retailers. The product logically extends itself to creating something truly unique in this space where it's that connection between both heart and mind and how we activate that product through experiences only enhances what it is we sell, and we can do it through unique experiences that are truly differentiated and take full advantage of the relationship we have with our guests and the model that we have. So for me, there are a ton of similarities, and you alluded to some of the successes that we had over the 5 years that I worked at Sephora, and I believe many of those, the notion of creating this experiential ecosystem that connects across all of our channels and how we think of digital to do that exists at lululemon. And it has, more importantly, the core foundation to not only celebrate where we are today, but to think about how we continue to extend and build that forward. So I'm super excited about those core foundational strengths. There are a ton of similarities both in how the organizations are wired but how the guests interact with the brand and the [ permission ] that the brand has, and that's what I am really excited to learn, to listen and then work with this leadership team to author our next chapter of growth beyond the 2020 plan, which is equally exciting. And I'll let Stuart sort of comment on progress to that. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Dana. I've had a lot of conversations already with the leadership team and the teams across the organization. I would tell you, there is a ton of work that has been -- taken place and a lot of enthusiasm around many of the areas that you've identified as opportunities of strength and opportunities to do even more than we're doing today. And for me, what I've enjoyed and it's been 2 weeks, and I'm intending to take the opportunity over the next 100 days to continue to be curious and continue to work and ask the questions and to listen. But what I've really gotten excited about is the -- those similarities again between the businesses. And as I share my experiences, my general view is experiences at this point are to be shared and opinions are to be formed. And I'm really sharing the experiences and having incredible conversations with energetic talented teams that see a lot of the same similarities to continue to build that guest experience through the work happening around experiential, to think about how to further enhance the love that our guests have for our brands through loyalty. And loyalty is just the affection they have for the brand and there's a variety of ways in which we can do that. And digitally, how to continue the great work that the team has done, and how we look and think about augmenting and adding to the relationship we have with them and strengthen it even further. So what I would tell you is there's a lot of work that has been happening and people are working towards. And I'm excited about how a lot of the experiences in the work that I did at Sephora is very relevant here, and excited to work with this team over the coming period to continue those conversations form sort of the next plan of growth of which we'll share at a later point in time. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. I mean, I will -- I'll share just a couple of observations that I would've had as a guest. So my experience within Sephora and what that business had built as we doubled it over the time that I was there and scaled it, to my experience as a guest. And then I'll end with my first 10 days inside the organization because the views are very different. I think there is, including the results that support this. There is a lot of good that's happening in this business and the guests are responding in a very positive way, which is driving the results. We all would agree, and when I was looking outside in, that we have a real big opportunity internationally, in particular in Asia. And it's one that the team feels is a growth potential, a disproportionate growth for this business and brand. Experiential, how our stores are more experiential than they are today. The loyalty ecosystem, how the guest loves the brand today, but how can we build upon that in an even more innovative way. And community, which is something that quite frankly, lululemon created 20 years ago and it's such a powerful strength to the organization. And how do we do more? What I would tell you is my 2 weeks in joining in the conversations, these aren't insights I bring that were ahas to this organization. They were well aware of their strengths and the opportunities. And this leadership team has been working towards developing and innovating behind these pillars. What I'm excited about is how my experiences in the 5 years at Sephora and the journey that we went through as we doubled the business, as we invested and doubled down and led in some of these areas that I can work with them and the great work that they've already started and begun to author that next chapter. So I think everybody on the management team is super excited about the results and the plans and where the brand in the business can continue to innovate and go. Equally, I am and these are areas that my experience at Sephora will allow sort of thought partnership with this team as we continue to create moving forward. And that I'm super excited about. 
Stuart Haselden: Kimberly, it's Stuart. So let me speak to your question. So it really is a story around traffic in our stores. And with our e-commerce business, it's a story of traffic and conversion. And the underlying drivers of those traffic results are important to note. We mentioned on the call that we've seen 5 quarters of accelerating traffic trends in our stores, and that's not slowing down as we now enter the third quarter. And we've spoken about this to a degree on prior calls. We did launch or implement new guest engagement strategies, really last year. In particular, in the third quarter of last year, we implemented new technology at POS that enabled our store teams to more effectively engage with our guests and capture e-mail and capture information, making them a part of our guests file and enabling us then to enroll them in digital communications, digital marketing that we just didn't have before. At the same time, we have raised our game. We're more sophisticated with how we are in fact engaging in digital marketing. We're leveraging new CRM capabilities. We're taking the initial steps in data analytics to be able to leverage personalization strategies into how we're engaging with our guests. That is driving traffic both to our stores and to our website. And then on the e-commerce side, I'm sure you'll recall the recovery efforts that we went -- that we followed -- or we pursued, rather, last year, which culminated in the relaunch of our website at the end of the third quarter. The improvements to the website have been really the drivers of the improvements in conversion that we've seen. That story extends into 2018. And it will likely extend into 2019. So we focused on checkout, search, personalization on the website as the areas where we can continue to drive those converging gains. And as you look at the second quarter, if you exclude the online warehouse sale from last year, [ the comp ] in our e-commerce was really driven equally by traffic and conversion. So those are the strategies that we have developed and implemented in the recent period that has delivered this acceleration in our traffic trends. And so we're excited to see a number of ways to extend those to make them bigger, to amplify them, to take them forward and we feel like we're really just getting started. 
Stuart Haselden: Sure. There really are 2 separate issues, Sharon. And the first one, with regard to the DC, the new DC that we're opening up out in Toronto, will really help us improve the service commitments and the service experience of our guests in Eastern Canada. It will create additional strategic flexibility for us to evaluate more broadly across North America, how we leverage our distribution footprint. And that's something that we continue to explore. We can speak with more specificity in future calls. So we're excited about that, and that will yield a benefit in our gross margin and we'll likely be able to again speak with more specificity there into the future. As we look at the sourcing strategy and how we're leveraging nearshore capabilities, and you mentioned Haiti, and that's among a number of elements of that strategy that we are pursuing. We're very excited to be able to begin exploring and implementing a meaningful portion of our supplier base in geographies that will help us shrink and shorten our supply shipping times. So that's a result that we're just now beginning to see some of the benefits of. I would see that as a multi-year strategy that we haven't yet quantified exactly how much in terms of the time advantage it will create for us. But suffice it to say, we're very excited about it. At this point in the western hemisphere, meaning the Americas and Caribbean, we source about 9% of our total production. And so we're excited to see that grow into the future. 
Stuart Haselden: Sure, Matt. We're really thrilled with the results that we've been able to generate in gross margin. It has exceeded our expectations. And we do see it as the new margin architecture that we'll take forward. We see additional benefits, as we said on the call, in a number of areas within our sourcing strategies, our distribution strategies and then just leveraging the fixed cost elements of our gross margin from sales increases. So what I would say is there's modest improvements that we see being able to capture in both gross margin and SG&A over the next couple of years, which would accrue to modest improvements in the run rate of our EBIT margin. And I think we're excited about our strategies and the potential of the business beyond 2020, and that's something that we're looking forward to speaking with our investors in more detail at year end as we will be able to share an updated view of our long-term plans. But at this point, comfortable with modest improvements continuing for the next couple of years. 
Stuart Haselden: I think from an e-com standpoint, right now, we see continued acceleration or a continued outpacing of our store business with our e-commerce business, if you will. We continue to expect to see e-commerce grow faster than our store business. The composition of that is -- will be largely the same across both channels in terms of the mix of product categories. And we also expect to see benefits from the mix or the EBIT margin line as the e-commerce business continues to grow bigger. It is a more profitable business, and we'll have a mix benefit there. And again, I think we'll be able to reset our view on the long term at year end when we give that update on the long-term vision. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes, Brian. We remain really excited about international, and we're seeing strong growth in Asia in particular. We expect as that business grows, it will improve or it is improving from a bottom line profitability standpoint. You'll recall that we had mentioned that Asia will be soundly profitable, generating strong profits this year so that in combination with the profits from Australia, the international business overall, inclusive of Europe, is profitable this year. And so that will only continue to accelerate as we capture scale economies in Asia. We're also very encouraged by the Europe business and the double-digit comps that we are seeing there, and maybe I'll invite Celeste to offer some comments. 
Stuart Haselden: Thanks, Calvin. And you guys heard PJ mention in the prepared remarks, we're making -- we explained a number of investments that we are executing in important areas of the business, data analytics, product, guest engagement that account for about half of the deleverage that we described. I'd say there's about another quarter of the deleverage that's related to more opportunistic tests that we have pursued in light of the strong business momentum that we have. And that's in areas that includes additional digital marketing investments, new elements of our seasonal store strategy, new store conversion [ thrusts ] and an interesting holiday delivery test. So all those are things that we're excited to have the opportunity to pursue. And the balance of the deleverage is really related to FX gains that we're now lapping. What I would say is if you exclude those elements, we would certainly be offering leverage on the low teens guidance that we offered. And so it's really an opportunistic place that we're in to be able to pursue the investments given the strength of our profitability gains. 
Stuart Haselden: Dana, Stuart. I'm going to actually pass your question to Celeste on our experiential retail strategies. 
Stuart Haselden: Paul, it's Stuart. So store opening drive for 2019, what I'd say is you should think about our real estate expansion from a square footage growth standpoint. And the reason I say that is for the reasons that Celeste just highlighted with the importance of our co-located strategy this year and into next year. You're going to see low double-digit increases in square footage for us. You're going to continue to see a healthy number of new store openings in North America although those are diminishing versus prior years. You're going to see an increasing number of new store openings in Asia in particular and international broadly. So you'll see the balance of new store openings shift from North America to international. And you'll see a healthy mix of co-located projects and new store projects. So -- and with that, I'll turn it to Calvin for your second question. 
Stuart Haselden: Matt, it's Stuart. So you're right, the performance in women's pants has exceeded our expectations. And it's pretty remarkable that the fabric, the new Lulu fabric for our #1 style, the lined pants that we just introduced 3 years ago, has eclipsed Luon and the wunder under that the company was really built on in many ways. So what it speaks to and what -- the insight that we take from that, the profound insight we take from that, is that innovation matters. And that where we innovate in fabric, in function, in technical performance, it opens avenues for growth that in many ways, are boundless. So we don't really know how big that market is. And it would be somewhat shortsighted for us to try put a limit on it at this point given we've been wrong with our plans certainly this year. And the overall success of that fabric and that pant. And you know what? We think we can make it better and we're already in that work and there are new versions of that fabric that we will be introducing next year into the sequential years. So that's one of the things that gets us excited about not only our women's business, but our business overall. So I'm not sure that exactly answers your question. But -- and I would say broadly speaking, you heard us mention the "on the fly" franchise that we're introducing, which is helping us take that technical functionality into our "office, travel, commute" offerings. And so much the same way that the ABC pant for our guys has given them a great versatile multiuse product that they can take on the plane, they can take from the gym and from the studio. We believe that on the fly will offer the same thing for our female guests. And so super excited with the innovation, and I would be remiss if I didn't also offer one additional comment to Kimberly's original question around what's been driving the overall growth trajectory of the business. Our product assortment has gotten remarkably better. So Sun and the work that the design team and the merchant teams have been leading is absolutely a part of the equation in addition to the other things that I mentioned. So we're thrilled at the improvements in color, in texture, in print that Sun and the team have been delivering. There's so many exciting new product introductions we're going to see in the second half of the year. Outerwear begins to land in stores and online now. We're really thrilled with how that's checking. And there's a number of others that we're really excited for. 
