Meghan Frank: Yes. Lorraine, it's Meghan. So as we mentioned, MIRROR sales in 2020 exceeded our initial expectations at approximately $170 million. And we did guide to $250 million to $275 million for 2021. They are still very early in their life cycle and the path to profitability there is very much within our control. That said, looking at the business, the value is really in the long term and the long-term value of the subscription revenue. So we've learned a lot since we purchased the business and COVID created an even greater opportunity than we saw at that time. And we're going to invest behind the momentum we see in that business to really drive that long-term value. And you heard Calvin talk a little bit about some of the key investment areas that include adding production studios, adding an instructor -- instructors to the base, launching new features and then expansion into Canada as well as importantly, over 200 shop-in-shops in our North America lululemon stores. In terms of the long-term opportunity for the business, I think we'll continue to learn a lot in 2021. We're not going to put a time point on it right now, but we'll continue to share more as we create our plans for 2022 and beyond. 
Meghan Frank: Mark, it's Meghan. So if you take into consideration the color I offered on guidance, lululemon operating margin is slightly above 2019. So on track, essentially for our Power of Three growth plans. And that dilution really is driven by the MIRROR investment that I just outlined and really geared towards investing into that business to drive the long-term value.  In terms of Power of Three, you're right, we're further along, as Calvin mentioned, than we anticipated in terms of digital strength. We aren't revising our plan right now. But as you can see, we're in good shape to meet that plan. 
Meghan Frank: Paul, it's Meghan. So in terms of productivity, we saw productivity in stores of 71% in Q4, which was in line with our expectations. We do now, in Q1, have more stores open at 96% and we are not in our peak traffic period. So the constrained impact is lessening. We do expect that to improve as we move throughout the year, but we are planning as we did in 2021 -- or in 2020 for multiple scenarios so that we're able to meet our omni-guest demand. So we'll continue to iterate on that as we move throughout 2021. In terms of margin rates, we offered that we see expansion on a year of 100 to 150 basis points. Included in that is 50 basis points of pressure related to airfreight. We don't see that as a barrier to revenue upside. We'll continue to strategically leverage airfreight to drive revenue and continue to closely monitor that throughout the year. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. Thanks, Matt. So as I mentioned, if you consider the color I provided, from an operating income perspective, lululemon is essentially in line with Analyst Day. And we have a bit more expansion in margin and a bit more pressure on SG&A, and that's because of the shift in investment profile between channels. So pulling back somewhat on store openings and investing behind digital, the store expenses show up in gross margin and the digital expenses show up in SG&A. So I'd say a little bit of a near-term impact, and we continue to monitor that for the long term, and we're really focused on optimizing the bottom line of our business. 
Calvin McDonald: Mark, it's Calvin. Just quickly on the Power of Three initiatives, doubling men's, doubling digital, quadrupling international, and then I'll quickly jump into certain markets. We're on pace on men's, on pace on international and arriving early ahead on our digital, as we said. So as Meghan alluded to, we're in a very good position at this point in our commitments and excited about the momentum in the business and opportunities to keep investing in innovation, investing in growth. MIRROR is one of those areas that because the business is doing well, we're choosing to invest in a business that we know will add value through further guest relationships, building out that community and the value of the subscription model. So excited about those.  And China is equal to those opportunities for us to invest in. We are very happy with our business and growth. We've shared multiple times last year, the growth in both our store-based business and international. As well, I mentioned that heading into '21, our plan is to open more stores in the market than we've ever opened in the 15 to 20 range. That would put us well over 50 stores at this point in time. And we're very pleased with both the top line, bottom line performance in that market, and we keep investing in that market local head office to empower the teams to drive relevancy. So I'm excited about our international business in all markets. 
Calvin McDonald: Okay. Thanks, Erinn. First, on market share, very optimistic with the product that Sun indicated that we will continue to grow share across both men's and women's. We did so in 2020. I believe we were the only of the major brands to do -- to achieve that goal. And we have a very strong business in women's. And I understand that others are identifying and seeing that as a growth potential. But we have a very strong commitment with our guests, very strong franchises, but equally, if not even more important, a very significant pipeline of newness that we're going to continue to build out and delight that guest with in terms of activities into yoga, further into train and run and introducing some new activities. So I'm very confident in our ability through innovation and knowing what we're bringing, that we're going to see growth and success both with men and women and then the men, the opportunity, as we've shared in the past, is really driving that awareness. And we have some exciting initiatives that we'll share, further plan this year to continue to engage, drive awareness and consideration for our male guests as we continue to build out and drive that relationship and success with our women's.  Yoga and our female guests, we know are critical parts. And as we look to grow into other areas and opportunity, just know that the team is 100% focused on maintaining and growing that relationship in those segments as well. And in terms of MIRROR, we did do some interesting testing, and we continue to. The benefit of the business being new is that we're doing a lot with Brent and team on test and learn, on both how to acquire and drive the awareness, which remains a big opportunity and price, elasticity behind the product. And right now positioned at the retail price point with a free shipping offering resonates very well. The guest prefers that sort of combination. And then we pulse in a variety of promotional opportunities when it's either competitively appropriate to do so or we see an opportunity. We've tried a number from a discount of $200 to $300 being the peak. So the net price being $1,200. And as well as bundling opportunities. And feedback from the guest is very encouraging that a number of levers -- of registers with them. So it gives us the ability to not just sort of play 1 promotional lever in order to drive that opportunity to invest into the MIRROR. So we have a number of levers that we've tested and validated that we'll continue to do. We have a good price position in and around the $1,200 to $1,500 that they respond well to. And we'll continue to operate with that as well as we look to expansion in the Canadian market price accordingly. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Matthew. As I indicated, our technical performance of our product all through 2020 was the drivers of our growth predominantly. And I don't see that diminishing in any way. I think people are finding ways to sweat, they've adopted new ways to sweat. And when the world opens up, and they'll be able to go back to their gyms and their studios, they'll just have a balance of ways in which they're engaging. And we have a lot more new guests or existing guests using a lot more of our technical product. That is going to just drive an appreciation for and loyalty to the uniqueness of how it performs.  So from a recovery standpoint, I feel all the momentum in the business behind driving even more adoption and success of our technical performance as we saw in 2020, and I think it's only going to be more pronounced moving forward.  From an OTM perspective, we're early in our development of OTM in our women's category. The team has been building that for the last few years and adding assortment, and we test and launched a key product next year, we will add more to the assortment this year and in the years to come. So we're very early that we're well positioned through our technical apparel to build that business as guests look to shift, but when they shift back to more other casual wear, they're going to be looking for something that I believe is unique and different in the technical apparel fashion, and some of the team are creating and building that. And men's -- that's been 1 of our strengths in men's. Women's is going to catch up to our men's offering. And we have full confidence in our success and strength in men's in that OTM business and the work and the product that's following that is going to keep fueling the OTM. At the heart and the core, the technical performance gear did perform, is performing, and I think it's only going to perform more moving forward. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. No, for sure. Thanks, Ike. We've -- I would tell you, our assessment is 100% behavior. Looking at his behavior at the beginning of the pandemic and shifts of where he was purchasing, how he was purchasing drove a lot of the declines in apparel that the industry saw in the men's categories. And that started to pick up throughout the year. Our impact was less in the industry at the beginning, and it picked up quicker at the tail end. In our fourth quarter, our men's business trailed our women's business, but it was the narrowest gap from the entire year that we saw. And as Meghan indicated, the start of this year has been very, very strong for us, and the men's business continues that road to recovery. So it -- in my opinion, was 100% behavior and as stores come online and we're seeing that shift back into apparel, that it will come back to where we were in terms of performance and growth driving. Even with that, we are on pace to double our men's business per our commitment in our 5-year and seeing very good results and strength back to the men's business already to start this year. 
