Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Adrienne. In terms of unaided brand awareness, as you highlighted, it's exciting to see both our improvements in it, but also the runway of growth and potential we have. So we know that our approach is working as well as we know that it's going to continue to fuel our ability to acquire guests and drive the overall momentum in the business across all markets, including North America and the U.S. Our current spend is in around the 4% range. And at this point, we're planning to maintain the percentage of sales relatively consistent. How we deploy it? It's a combination of opening stores, which is a wonderful vehicle to drive that awareness and acquire guests, connecting with guests and ambassadors in our local communities and investing in both our community activations as well as these relationships; expanding our relationships with lead athletes around the world, which we continue to make great contributions and add into our collective; and then finally, like you will see with the Get Into It campaign, executing more deliberate and coordinated global brand campaigns, which I'm excited for you to see that. Those are just some of the examples the way in which we activate our brand and product first through most of the messaging and that we've seen our success and excited for what we have planned in '23. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Ike. On MIRROR, I just want to clarify, we're not eliminating the hardware, but we are adding a app feature that will allow a guest to sign up and pay a lower monthly subscription fee and acts as the same content without having to purchase the hardware. So I just want to clarify that. And that will launch later this summer. And we think with the lower cost to entry, not being hardware restricted and the 9 million Essential members that we've built and will continue to build, it will allow us to more easily migrate and attract guests into it.  We did see an improvement in our performance with the launch of lululemon Studio in October. But as we shared, it just didn't meet our expectations. And although CACs are improving, they're still not proving fast enough that we didn't -- that we felt it prudent to make this pivot to open up the TAM and appeal to a broader audience within our collective. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Alex. In terms of the new guests, we have -- one of the benefits of the brand is we see good success across guests across all age demographics. So that remains very healthy, both acquisition as well as engagement. We have seen a very healthy growth in our younger guest base, in particular, over the past 12 and 18 months, and that continued. But overall, we would wait a little bit on the younger but very healthy overall and seeing, as I indicated, very healthy numbers in terms of engagement of existing guests, the new guests, how those cohorts are shopping and engaging on a frequent basis and migrating up through the category offering that we have. 
Calvin McDonald: In terms of the product, what I'm anticipating is similar to what we've been seeing, which is balanced growth across men's and women's, across categories and activities. The innovation, a little bit of what I've shared is a balance of continuing to innovate on our core styles and franchises like the recent update to the men's Metal Vent and Pace Breaker short as well as adding additional styles to proven franchises like the Align campaign that I'm really energized and excited about. It's a fantastic expression of one of our powerhouses and excited to use it as a way to continue to recruit new guests and then building on new launches like footwear and then bringing successes in our men's business with the License to Train into our women's assortment. So I think it's another expression of the evolution we've had with our product strategy, which is early still, very balanced across the activities we identified expressed through categories and franchises across both men's and women's. So my anticipation is still very balanced growth both in North America, around the globe for product for us in '23 and beyond. 
Calvin McDonald: And Michael, on pricing, I'll start with what we shared last year, which is going to be similar to our approach this year. And I'll start with I'm proud of the approach that the team took, and that is knowing we're a full price business. We only increased prices on a small percentage of our assortment so that we continue to lean in on full pricing and not rely on and have to pull the promo lever. What we saw in the industry was many other players price up and then heavily discount that back down. But it allowed us to manage margins, manage full price selling throughout with selective pricing. And heading into '23, it's a similar approach. We're not planning any drastic significant moves in pricing and continue to focus on full price with markdowns as a means to exiting seasonal product only. 
Calvin McDonald: Perfect. On the play activities, and I'll start there, they've -- the guests have responded very well to them. And I'm excited, as I've shared with you, in particular, on tennis and golf, how they're designed. We know that, that is how our guests also sweat and offering product and offering for them helps us strengthen the relationship and extend our share of wallet with them.  And on those two, they're really designed to selectively innovate into and then leverage our core assortment. And in both of those executions last year when we really kicked off and then through the year and then into spring when we've recently brought tennis back as well as about to do so in golf, we're seeing that strategy execute very well where we sell a lot more core wrapped around a golf or tennis execution. We're going to continue to do that. So it allows us to manage assortment and SKU additions, while at the same point, drive productivity and credibility into these activities.  And on footwear, it's a test-and-learn category for us. We've just cycled over the first year. Very pleased with early guest response. Very pleased with industry recognition to disrupt and innovate and create something new within footwear for women. We've just updated with our Blissfeel 2.0, and both the industry is very positive on it as well as our guest, and excited about continuing to sort of test and learn. And as I indicated, we'll be launching a Blissfeel Trail later, an update to our Chargefeel, and then next year in '24, the introduction of our men's footwear business. So we're excited with the response and continue to test and learn and innovate into the category. 
Calvin McDonald: And on accessories and the Everywhere Belt Bag, our accessories business is very healthy, and it's very balanced as well. It's not a one-hit wonder. That team has done a great job in building a compelling total bag business, not just that one particular item.  We're pleased with that one item. Love the results. It's been a great driver of brand awareness as well as new guest acquisition. But we have an accessories business across all categories, not just bags, that continue to contribute and grow, and we're excited about its opportunity moving forward in our mix of the assortment for our guests. 
Meghan Frank: In terms of markdowns, our full year 2022 markdowns came in, in line with 2019. And we're expecting to be relatively flat in 2023 on a full year basis. We do have the biggest opportunity in Q4, which will be offset somewhat by Q1 through Q3 markdowns. But that 2019 waterline, we view, is a healthy level for us. And then we'll also see inventory, as we mentioned, 30% to 35% growth at the end of Q1 and then coming in line with sales in the second half of 2023. 
Meghan Frank: Lorraine, in terms of China, we haven't put a fine point on China in 2023. However, what I'd say is we still had a degree of COVID disruption in both Q4 and full year '22, when we were at a 30% growth rate. We have seen that trend accelerate as we moved out of Q4 and into 2023, particularly Q1. So we are above that 30% growth. And then in terms of profitability, we are profitable in China. We haven't put a fine point on it beyond that. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. So in terms of inventory, we've been navigating obviously the dynamic supply chain environment. And we did place a number of core buys earlier to try to manage our air freight expense. We do have a higher proportion of our inventory in core, 45% versus 40% historically. We also saw increased air freight impacting our cost inventory balances. And then we also saw vendors who were shipping later than historically pivot to shipping more on time. So the team is still navigating and adjusting to that new reality. And I would say, at the end of Q1, we're going to see inventory moderate to 30% to 35% growth, and we expect it to come in line towards the second half of the year. Our goal overall is to manage our inventory in line with our revenue growth and believe we'll be there over time. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. I would say nothing notable by geography in terms of inventory balances. We're pleased overall with the content composition, and we plan to, as we mentioned, have a healthy full price penetration as we move throughout the year. In terms of product costs, we haven't experienced any significant increases, and we don't expect any significant changes as we move throughout 2023, relatively stable. 
Meghan Frank: In terms of the P&L, we don't break out MIRROR separately given it's now embedded in our membership program. But what I will share is that it's a very small portion of our revenue this year and was also a very small portion of our 5-year plan. We have moderated investment levels, and we'll continue to do so and continue to see dilution improving. 
Meghan Frank: And I'd share in terms of category breakdown of the balance of inventory outside of the 40% to 45% core, we're pleased with the seasonal nature of our product and the aging of that inventory. And in terms of by category, it'd be positioned relative to our Power of Three x2 plan in terms of category growth. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. I would say I'd frame that also in that context. So we have our 15% average growth rate annually as part of that plan, with a goal of the 4x international business, double our men's business, double our e-commerce business, and that also included low double-digit North America growth as well as low double-digit women's and store growth. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Dana. So we're -- we shared color of 140 to 160 basis point increase in gross margin for the full year, and that would really be driven by a benefit from air freight down 150 basis points. We are expecting markdowns to be flat year-over-year, also flat to 2019 levels. And we have a little bit of pressure, as we mentioned, in our distribution center strategy that's really aimed at servicing our demand over time. In terms of cadence by quarter, I had mentioned earlier, we have the biggest opportunity in markdowns in Q4 offset by Q1 through Q3. And then in terms of air freight, our biggest opportunity will be Q1 in the range of 300 to 400 basis points. We will be higher -- we will have opportunity relative to the last year in Q2 and Q3, and then we're expecting, at this point in time, we'll be in line in Q4. 
Meghan Frank: Brooke, in terms of markdown and full price penetration, we did see that normalize as we moved through the balance of January and then into Q1. We haven't seen any material differences by customer segment, and we do expect that we'll maintain that relationship of healthy full price in line with history that's reflected in the color we provided on markdowns being flat year-over-year, also flat to 2019, which we view as a healthy waterline for us. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. In terms of China stores, definitely, we were impacted by COVID as we move throughout 2023. So I would expect that percentage to be higher. I would say our stores are highly productive there. They tend to be smaller than the balance of our fleet, particularly in North America, and we view that as an opportunity over time. We continue to have a long pipeline of store openings there. We also are very early in terms of store expansion strategy, which we've employed in North America to capitalize on where we see very strong and healthy sales per square foot and opportunities to expand the market. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Jay. So in terms of cadence throughout the year, we are really pleased with our trends headed into Q1. And we're also mindful of the macroeconomic uncertainty. So our guidance reflects what we feel to be the appropriate direction at this time. The 16% to -- 15% to 16%, sorry, growth rate for the full year is slightly above our Power of Three x2 average of 15%. So we feel well positioned headed into the year. 
