Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Matt. Similar to the success through the first half of this year, which is really driven from our core product as well as our new innovation across both performance and OTM categories across both women's and men's -- so it continues to be that balanced growth across categories, channels, both stores, e-comm and all markets that's fueling the business.   And heading into Q3, there's really no change to that formula, and the team is doing a wonderful job and guests are responding to the new innovation that we are launching. I referenced a few on the call, the soft jersey, steady state for him.   We have some exciting innovation still to come. So I think it's just a continuation of low unaided brand awareness, and we are launching initiatives to get at that opportunity, incredible product opportunity and the teams delivering on that on unmet needs and our international business, which, in addition to North America is still performing very strongly, double-digit in line with our Power of Three x2 growth targets, seeing acceleration across every market in the globe we're in. So -- it really is a reflection of my consistent message of us being early innings and balanced growth across all opportunity we have and a team that's delivering on that potential. 
Calvin McDonald: All right. Thanks, Adrienne. In terms of our speed of innovation, I would agree that the pipeline and the launches within each quarter continue to get very strong and excited about the balance across our accessories business, our women's business, our men's business. I think it is an execution of a very deliberate innovation strategy that we've been working through the Power of Three and into the Power of Three x2 strategy.  You've heard me reference our play categories and being very deliberate in terms of what we design into and then leveraging our core, how we leverage versatility, but continue to innovate against some of those core hero franchises that he and she loves so that we don't simply launch and then just allow it to run without enhancements, improvements and adding to.  Sharing across gender. For instance, in this quarter, we took our famous scuba fabric and brought that into a steady state for him, which was an opportunity we saw in our assortment that we were missing. So I think what you continue to see is just the team executing on the strategy.   We have a horizon of innovation across horizons 1, 2, 3, which can be anywhere from 1 to 3, 4 years as we keep looking to solve the unmet needs of our guests and where and how, but we have a lot that we're able to bring forward and commercialize as well as having a lot that the team continues to work on for future quarters and future years. And feel very excited about our ability to sell through core, innovate core and then bring true innovation to the guest through that notion of unmet needs versus unmet wants. And I think that's driving our business that we're truly solving, which is a unique standout in this marketplace. 
Calvin McDonald: In terms of both channels, they're performing incredibly well in the market. We now have 107 stores in Mainland China, predominantly Tier 1, Tier 2 cities, but still see opportunity to grow as well as look to opportunities into Tier 3. Every store we've opened has exceeded plan, our optimization of some stores as we did with our Kerry Center location, which is really our first bigger, more experiential store in country is performing incredibly well. And as you know, online business in China is different than that of other markets where our .cn is a lower percentage of our overall business, and we do work through partners such as Tmall, JD to grow our business. But on the back of those platforms and leveraging some of the B2B and working direct and selling direct to our guests through their clienteling platform.   The team is doing some incredible initiatives and learnings for us globally and driving the overall e-commerce business. So very strong in both -- great guest acquisition in both -- it's helping us determine new markets, new opportunities and locations that we can continue to open and build into. And our stores are really driving the brand the way in which we traditionally do in all markets, which is grassroots community and through the educators.   And from a productivity standpoint, they're behind North America, but performing very well, just slightly behind. They're smaller in size, but we see a significant opportunity, obviously, in the success of that -- of our store footprint, both productivity driving the brand, coupled with e-comm. So very exciting and good and balanced growth across all of those levers. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Brian. I think it's a combination of some of the new innovation that came out at the tail end of Q2 that is set up in position for sort of back half needs in men's. We've seen incredible response to the soft jersey and steady state. We're geared up for the ABC campaign of Get Into It, which I'm really excited about, having men's play along with women's being featured in that. We've activated accessories across our bags.   We've done some digital campaigning in certain regions relative to back to campus, which has resonated well and driven some of our core products in terms of the bottoms in both women's and men's. So -- it's been a variety of activations, a combination of getting at unaided awareness through campaigning, leveraging our core as well as some newness and innovation that is resonating in both he and she are responding very well to and that's consistent across all markets, and we've seen a nice response in North America. So it's a similar formula, a similar approach to that, really driven, I think, from a North American business has responded well, I think, as we head into the fall and back to campus. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Dana. As you mentioned, the traffic was very strong and pretty much completely in line across both stores and e-comm. So continuing to drive that omni strategy and have the guests connect with us wherever is convenient for them, has been a strategy of ours and continues to resonate and drive our business. And we're cycling over the success of some categories and items last year that really drove traffic. So very healthy, strong numbers on top of strong numbers, which is very encouraging as we look at just how the guests both new and existing are engaging with us.   I think membership is a part of that. We've had it before membership, but with the membership program obviously is allowing us is more deliberate ways to engage with that guest. And I mentioned that it's not going to be a number we consistently share. But I will indicate that the program continues to far exceed our expectations. We launched this less than a year ago. And we now have 12 million of our guests signed up in North America to the Essentials membership program, which is a significant unlock for us, our teams, it allows us to play into our strength of community, relationship, allows us to leverage benefits that are unique to that guest to that member.   And allows us to interact with data and communicate with them that is very effective for our digital marketing teams as well as our store teams and look at the history and assist the guests in the way in which we do.  So it is an exciting new program for us that we have a lot of ideas and initiatives planned, how we will continue to leverage. I think it's a part of it. I wouldn't point all to it. I think ultimately, it's the success of the brand, success of our product and product innovation, why the guests comes to lululemon. And we see that continuing through for the Power of Three x2 period and beyond. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Brooke. In terms of the overall composition, I'll speak directly to sort of how we view the cohorts. And I think I've mentioned before, that the new guest cohorts are performing and behaving very similar to how that cohort has behaved in past quarters, past years. That's very encouraging for us because we did see through the success last year of the Everywhere Belt Bag that it did pull in a younger guest to see them in the cohort and that cohort behaving similar nature of how they engage the frequency of engagement and the migration of their spend is encouraging.   And we still see our business driven by new guests coming in as well as our team's ability to retain existing guests and increase share of wallet and spend with them. So nothing that would signal they're behaving differently in very healthy and contributing factor to the overall business, both with new existing very low retained, very high guest loyalty, longevity and engagement in the brand and responding to the newness and the innovation continues to sort of be that guest formula. 
Meghan Frank: Yes, absolutely, Matt. So in terms of inventory, so we came in up 14% at the end of the quarter, our expectation was approximately 20%. Relative to our expectation, there were a few items that drove that balance lower. So the first would be revenue upside above our expectations. Second being lower air freight costs and then the third being some timing implications. And in terms of how we're looking at inventory for the balance of the year, at the end of Q3, we're expecting high single to low double digits.   And then in Q4, end of Q4, relatively in line with sales as we move into 2024. So I would say overall, we're really pleased with the currency and also the level of our inventory. In terms of markdowns, nothing really to note on the quarters. We're still expecting markdowns to be relatively flat on an annual basis for '23 over '22, and that's consistent also with our 2019 levels, which is a normalized healthy level for us. We run a low markdown penetration, high full price penetration business. We were flat in Q2, markdowns year-over-year, and I wouldn't expect any anomalies in Q3 and Q4. 
Meghan Frank: And then, Adrienne, in terms of China, we are really pleased with the performance there in the quarter, up 61% in Greater China. We have 100 stores today in China. We're opening 35 stores in an international region this year, the majority of those in the China market. As Calvin mentioned, we've had some exciting community activations still looking to build brand awareness and drive into that opportunity there. And then over the longer term, we've set approximately 200 stores at the end of our 5-year plan, and I think -- there's also a beyond there as well in terms of still very early innings on our China growth. 
Meghan Frank: Absolutely, Lorraine. So we've been really excited with the revenue momentum we've had and then also the progress that we've made on recouping air freight expense.   So our guidance now on revenue is 17% to 18% growth ahead of our original target and then margin, guiding to 190 to 210 basis points with airfreight really being the driver there. So what it's done is it's given us the ability to invest behind our Power of Three x2 road map. So that would include market expansion, notably international, specifically China as a key focus there, improving guest experience and omni capabilities and then a foundational investments to drive the business forward. And I think coupled with that, what we're really excited with is you heard us talk on Analyst Day about the tremendous opportunity we have in brand awareness.   And this upside has given us an opportunity, particularly in the second half of this year to invest in marketing activations to drive that brand awareness, really capitalizing on some of the key innovation moments we have coming up in the second half of the year. So that, we believe, will drive into our long-term opportunity and sustain our momentum. So we're a little bit ahead of where we were. We were expecting to be from a Power of Three x2 initiative road map, and then that's coupled with driving into some upside opportunity on brand awareness.   In terms of leverage, we're really focused on operating margin and feel good about maintaining our commitment to modest operating margin expansion over the longer term. I think as we get closer to '24, we'll put a finer point on where we see the components of the P&L shaping up next year. 
Meghan Frank: Paul, I would say in terms of China volatility, we really didn't experience any over the course of the quarter. I would say, really strong healthy growth across each of the 3 months of the quarter. And then I'll let Calvin comment on store and e-comm performance. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. I'd say we haven't broken out the profitability specifically. It's very healthy. Closest to our North America region. I think in the near term, what we're really focused on is capitalizing on the opportunity we have in that market, not necessarily maximizing that operating margin, but that would present an opportunity also over the long term as we scale that market. 
Meghan Frank: Yes, absolutely. So for the full year, we guided a 40 to 60 basis points of expansion in operating margin year-over-year. That's about 20 to 40 basis points above 2019 levels. So we're really pleased with that performance. Within that international is still below North America profitability. As I mentioned, China being the closest really looking to maximize that market. And then APAC and EMEA, still some opportunity in terms of operating margin expansion in the near term as we continue to scale those markets. So I would say, over the longer term, focused on driving into the brand awareness and revenue opportunity, store expansion we have in the international market, scaling and leveraging over time. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. So within our other categories that are franchise businesses as well as seasonal pop-ups, those would be the largest components. We also have outlets in lululemon Studio. I would say the growth being driven by new franchise markets as well as relatively consistent, I would say, performance in terms of seasonals and pop-ups. And so I would say we'll continue to scale markets within that bucket and capitalize on the opportunity we have there with our franchise model with another going forward. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. I mean I would say we've made some significant progress. We still have some degree of elevated airfreight in our inventory balance on a cost basis. And so I would say not completely optimized and turns are a little bit slower than history, and our goal over the longer term would to get those inventory turns back to normalized historical rates. So still some opportunity, but I think the team has done a nice job in navigating what was a really dynamic supply chain and positioning inventory so that we were able to capitalize on the demand upside that we saw and experienced. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Ike. So in terms of the acceleration in North America specifically, it would be total and comp. In terms of China, we haven't broken out the second half of the year by region. But we are coming off a very strong performance, 61% growth in Q1 -- sorry, Q2 in Greater China. And feeling well positioned as we move into the second half of the year, as I mentioned, 107 stores in China today, 35 stores international. And the majority of those being China openings. And I would say we're pleased with our performance in China as we move into this. 
Meghan Frank: We haven't broken out the specifics, but I would say we're not dissimilar from this year and square footage growth in the low double digits range. Globally, high single digits in North America. 
