Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Rick. I'll talk about the drivers overall of our business and then chat quickly on how I see sort of the different regions continue to perform the rest of the year. At a high level, our business model is uniquely different versus our peers with some key competitive advantages, which begin with our D2C omni operating model. Second is clearly our product driven by our innovation platform of Science of Feel. And then within that, our product assortment is supported with a large portion which is nonseasonal; the versatility and multiple wear occasions, which cross both sweat and social; as well as the frequency of our new innovative drops that guests wait for and have become accustomed to; and finally, the community connection that we drive through a lot of our initiatives and then recently, the launch of our Essential memberships program and lululemon Studio. And if we zoom out, the drivers of our business pre, during and post the pandemic are still very relevant today, and that is the importance of product versatility as it relates to apparel; guests living an active and healthy lifestyle; convenience expected by our guests, which really speaks to our strength in an omni operating model that we've been investing in for many years; and then finally, focus on both physical, mental and social well-being, all supporting the brand positioning. And those continue to be the drivers that separate us from others and fuel our performance. And when I look at regional performance, as we've shared, strong growth in North America, internationally -- with international all at double-digit growth. And I expect that to continue as we see balanced growth in every market across gender, category and activity. And with the product pipeline, I don't see that; changing. So I think still balanced and very healthy growth ahead. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Adrienne. On pricing, we enter markets with our similar premium positioning of the brand with the intent to sell at full price with markdowns being used only as a means to exit through seasonal shifts in product and not leverage promotional discounting in order to fuel and create demand. We go in with the intent of having parity -- a close range of parity around markets. And then we make adjustments either because of cost of operating within the market, it could be import taxes or other elements. And there may be a slight shift as a result of local competition and strategically. But a tight band and always with the intent of selling full price with moderate discounting, leveraging markdowns as a typical course to exit. So a very similar policy in positioning of supporting full price. 
Calvin McDonald: I'll -- on China and the activations that you referenced, as you know, our go-to-market strategy is about building community relationships in connection locally, either through ambassadors and then into -- and with our guests. And that strategy is working incredibly well in China. We've done a number of activations both at the local level, store level as well as larger events. We have a few planned for this summer and into the fall. And those are driving the brand awareness, which I think I've shared with everyone before is in the single digit. So we have a huge opportunity to keep building brand awareness and consideration. As we enter new markets, that is one way as well that we are driving brand awareness and consideration. We have good success in our Tier 1 cities and ability to keep building stores as well as in Tier 2. And in each of those cases, stores are performing -- all stores are performing ahead of plan. So we're very pleased with the way the brand is being received, built upon that community model and driving momentum in all new markets that we enter. We now have 101 stores with plans to continue to open this year and then into next moving forward. When I look at the overall mix, I'd say our men's and women's business is almost similar to that of North America, which is good considering the age of the brand there. So it's becoming quicker, earlier, the North America dual-gender brand. And we're pleased with the balance between both OTM and sweat. The brand is still rooted as a performance premium brand, and it's playing to our strength of versatility and wear occasions across lounge and social that we're seeing in that market. So very pleased with how product is being received and the momentum, and it really is built upon community activations as you alluded to. 
Calvin McDonald: I'll take that, Lorraine. So in addition to the stores, as you mentioned, which are one of our top vehicles to do and achieve brand awareness and consideration, we also activate a number of campaigns and do so locally. So they may take a global campaign and then activate it locally, build upon it. That's the example of the Get Into It campaign that we did globally, which was all around our women's leggings initiative. They also will create a market-specific activation campaign, which we're in right now called Worn By Us, which is a fantastic campaign where they are celebrating and highlighting all the ambassadors that we have relationships with, their favorite products and telling their story of inspiration and how they live a well-being life. And we have many more of those plans. So we definitely invest in campaign and traditional brand marketing in that market to achieve the awareness and consideration opportunity. And leveraging digital, which is a big part of our business. We expanded channels. We have .cn. We have Tmall. We added JD. We continue to innovate and do a variety of initiatives across WeChat, leveraging the WeCom platform for a lot of our one-to-one and one-to-many initiatives and plugging into our community. So there are a lot of exciting things. And as you know, we have a leader in [ Sanyan ] that is based in Mainland China, in Shanghai. We have a specific SSE office where we have talent and resources that are specifically focused on driving these initiatives and building the business in Greater China and Mainland China.  So those are just a few of the initiatives that have been executed -- executing, but we have a team on the ground that's empowered to build that business. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. Dana, in terms of product newness and how it may differ globally, one of the benefits of our business is that, predominantly, a global assortment strategy drives the momentum across every market and region. And obviously, there's a huge number of benefits to that. And there are a few nuances by market and some that we designed into.  So one in particular in APAC is fit, where we have a whole different fit classification for our leggings, for our bras and for inseams on the men's bottoms. And we introduced that a few years ago, and it has really helped in driving those categories in those markets.  Footwear, as you know, we've rolled out in only a few international markets. So even though we see demand in -- for that category and guests asking for it, as of now, it's in Mainland China, it's in the U.K. and in North America. Seasonality is an obvious factor.  And then the only other difference that I would call out is we can see and do see differences globally based on the power of social media in certain platforms. So in markets in which a lot of the U.S.-based social influencers have a large voice, we see similar trends, the Everywhere Belt Bag, the Define Jacket. And in markets where we don't see the same type of U.S.-based social media influence, there are other trends, and we don't see quite the distortion in these items. But overall, I think the main message is outside of fit, which is, by design, a global assortment strategy that is more similar than not and drives the momentum across every market. 
Calvin McDonald: And in terms of competitive and macro, we continue to, as we always have, monitor the actions that are taking place both in the competitive land -- I think I've talked before about pricing. That was a strategic decision last year to take very minimal price activity, and that allowed us to continue to support our full-price selling, in particular, when most others had to course-correct and pull the promotional lever to adjust. And we're going to continue to manage that.  We are seeing inventory levels come in better positioning. So although I'm anticipating further discounting in the marketplace, I don't expect it will be worse than it has been, and our business has continued to perform well during that heavily promoted period. And as you saw, we got our inventory this quarter ahead of guidance and in line with our revenue number.  So from a competitive perspective, I think we're well positioned and have an exciting, innovative pipeline of product to come for the back half of this year, and that always fuels our business. And I'm excited with what I see and what's coming for both the male guest and our female guest.  On macro, with the uncertainty, as we've done for the past 2 years, we're going to continue to plan the business for multiple scenarios, monitor it. Our guest metrics were healthy in Q1 in terms of both traffic transaction and new guest acquisition, but we're continuing to monitor and we'll adjust as we need to. 
Calvin McDonald: I'll take the first part. In terms of our guest metrics, they remain very strong. We've seen no change in our cohort behavior in terms of frequency of purchase or engagement. In addition, in quarter 1, transactions by existing guests increased 22%, and our transactions by new guests increased 28%. And traffic was also strong across both channels with stores up over 30% and e-comm up approximately 30%. And when I look globally across every region, that behavior, we don't share the numbers specifically, but the general behavior of very healthy new guest acquisition, very healthy transaction and engagement with existing guests as well as traffic to both channels continue. Some of the differences, what's driving, one, brand awareness and consideration is low and represents a significant runway of growth and opportunity for our business. And as we build new doors, as we continue to feed incredible, exciting, innovative product, that is helping to fuel our business and will continue to, as I've alluded to. I mean international was 16% of our revenue and represents a significant opportunity for us, as we all know, going forward for this brand. And then from a store performance versus our peer set, while we're equally able to continue to grow, our online business speaks to the strength of our omni guest relationship and strategies. It's really immaterial where they choose to shop, and the technology links both channels together for a very frictionless fluid flow. And we have guests coming to us and into both channels and interacting with the brand accordingly. And that's obviously supported by a D2C model that allows them to do that and not have any other intermediary getting in the way of the relationships we have. So I think those are a few of the drivers. But very, very strong guest metrics shared across the regions with opportunity with brand awareness to keep building our business moving forward. 
Calvin McDonald: Brooke, in terms of product, we definitely think of it through the lens of a hero item strategy, a franchise expansion strategy and then newness that could either show up as a new item and/or franchise. So that's what has been fueling our business. And then equally in that, not only bringing newness but going back as well as updating, like we did in this quarter, for instance, on our Pace Breaker short, for instance, for him where we took a fantastic single hero item and we've innovated it with a number of changes that have been incredibly well received.  In the franchise lineup, we're always looking at strengths and ways in which the positioning of that, either through fit, versatility, functionality and/or fabric can be extended into additional unmet needs for the guest. The Align being one of our strongest franchises, we introduced the Align dress this quarter, which was incredibly well received. And equally building new franchises, either through the introduction like we did last year with footwear, which we've declared as a test and learn for us. But we're excited with the initial results and success in being able to build that forward into a very positive business in general. And there are additional ones that we'll be launching later this year that really fit into that franchise category that we're really, really excited about. So we definitely take a strategy across category activity, hero item franchise, look for ways to expand, look for ways to update and then obviously ways to create new and then -- and build from that. 
Calvin McDonald: Well, we just launched -- so a couple of things in terms of that. We just launched a few days ago our digital app for lululemon Studio, which is $12.99 a month and gives guests access to the same content that you can get but without the hardware purchase. We're excited to introduce that. We think it will expand the TAM and allow us to offer that offering into the membership program. Last quarter, I talked to the membership number of essentials, which after 6 months was a real strong start, over 8 million. We're not going to share that number quarterly, but I will indicate it's continued very strong momentum and continue to grow. So we're excited about Essential memberships, how it's going to support our community, fit into lululemon Studio, the benefit of sweat and other means to interact with our guests and drive both LTV and incrementality. And early with having these tools all supporting the membership program, we'll share more as we move forward, but excited as we continue to see strength in that Essential membership base grow. 
Meghan Frank: Great. And Adrienne, in terms of regional profitability, we saw meaningful expansion in our operating margin for the quarter relative to last year and would have experienced that across both our channels and our regions. And then in terms of how we think about the relative margin rates by region, North America is our most profitable, followed by APAC, China within that is the highest, and then EMEA. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Mark. So in terms of top line for the balance of the year, we're obviously coming off of a very strong quarter, which exceeded our expectations at 24% growth. We did guide to 15% to 16% for Q2 and then 16% to 17% for the full year, so both above our Power of Three x2 targets. So feeling well positioned for the balance of the year. We're not breaking out the regional performance, but still see meaningful opportunity across both our North America and international regions, obviously, international being a bit outsized, as Calvin mentioned, given the strength we continue to experience and see, particularly in our China region. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Dana. In terms of airfreight, so we are expecting it to be down 190 basis points now for the year. So that is now 50 basis points above 2019 levels. So we made some great headway there. We did experience 430 basis points product margin expansion in Q1, which was primarily driven by airfreight. We will see the year-over-year comparison moderate throughout the year with Q4 being close to flat to last year, and we'll continue to monitor and push into opportunities there. I'd say in terms of AUR, we're not expecting any material change to our AUR strategy in terms of the assortment. And then I'll let Calvin take the last part. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Tracy. In terms of months, so we don't break out monthly performance specifically. But what I would share is that we saw double-digit comp increases each month of the quarter. February was our strongest month, followed by April and then March. And coming off of the 24% sales growth, we're pleased to be able to guide to 15% to 16% in Q2 and then 16% to 17% for the full year. Obviously, planning multiple scenarios as we move into the balance of the year but feel well positioned. 
Meghan Frank: Great. And then in terms of markdowns, so we were pleased with our performance in Q1. So markdowns flat to 2022, and then as you mentioned, slightly under 2019. Our expectation right now embedded in our guidance is that we continue to expect markdowns to be generally flat year-over-year, which will also make a slot to 2019 levels. And really pleased with our performance in top line in Q1 as well as the full-price trend that was embedded in that. And we'll continue to closely monitor. 
Meghan Frank: Great. Thanks. Yes, I'd say the change in markdown performance really came through the outperformance on top line and the portion of that, that came through full-price sales. So when we look at the balance of the year, we're expecting generally in line for the full year, but there is an outperformance in Q1. And then for airfreight, we are now 190 basis points down to last year, still 50 basis points above 2019 levels. We do expect over the longer term to continue to push into recouping all of that airfreight amount. So I think too soon to put a fine point on 2024, but we continue to make good progress on that line item, and we'll continue to look for opportunities to optimize. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. So our operating margin is pretty flat to 2019 levels. And then I'd say in terms of gross margin, we're well above given the composition of our business has shifted to be -- we pulled back somewhat on new store openings. The cost of that is within gross margin. And then we've invested more deeply behind the digital portions of our business. It's in SG&A. And then, obviously, a big piece through scale and revenue outperformance. 
Meghan Frank: Great. And then in terms of inventory, so our expectation is we'll be approximately 20% at the end of Q2 and then inventory in line with sales in the second half of the year. We will still have opportunities, as you mentioned, to get our inventory turns back to historical levels. We have seen some material improvements in supply chain and lead times but not all the way back to historical positioning. So too soon to say when we'll move back to those levels, but that would be the goal over the longer term. 
