Calvin McDonald: Thanks for the update, Meghan. I'd like to close by letting you know that we remain fully committed to our Power of Three growth plan, which we laid out for you last year. COVID-19 is impacting our performance in 2020 but we remain focused on our 3 key growth pillars and our goals to double men's, double digital and quadruple international by year-end 2023. Within our quarter 1 results, we have much to celebrate, including seeing retail-only guests beginning to transact with us online and transition towards becoming an even more loyal omni-guest. The overall strength and acceleration of our e-commerce business globally with breakout results in Europe and Australia, strong performance from our core franchises, new innovations and the strength of our product pipeline, and the early recovery we are seeing in reopened stores with ongoing strength in our e-commerce business. Finally, I'd like to thank our teams around the globe for their resilience, agility and passion during this period. The enthusiasm for our guests and our community, shared by everyone across lululemon, demonstrates the enduring strength of our brand.  Operator, we can now open it up for questions. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Matt. And I'll start off, and I'll tackle the 2 parts of the question, starting with the last part, which is around market share. And the market share that we look at is the athletic apparel categories within -- I quoted a North American U.S. number. And it definitely is a category that has performed better than other apparel categories over the last number of quarters for a variety of reasons. I think it is comfort. I think it is lifestyle. I think it is a shift to less formal wear. And we've always performed well and beaten the growth in that category. In particular, for this quarter, our performance, I think, does show a shift -- a greater shift to the guest to both our brand as well as to the category, as you mentioned, which I think serves well as we look forward to where our opportunities continue to be. Heading into this, there is less behavior and want. And certain things won't change as a result of COVID-19 and definitely some things will change. And I think the things that won't change play to our strength, and that's living an active, healthy lifestyle. And the things that will change equally play to our strength, and that is more work-from-home, looking for comfort, the role that digital and omni play in that behavior and wants that the guest has. So the shift is, in my opinion, very positive for our brand and the role that we play in it. It has been something we've been building and innovating towards. It's what's driven the success of our products through the work that Sun and the team has done. Sun mentioned On The Move for women's, which is something we've been working on and we'll be launching in quarter 2, which we're very excited about. Again, I think, timely, but something that has been worked on for quite some time to deliver a very unique, exciting product. So I'm excited about the shifts that are happening and how it plays within our category and our role within that. And what we experienced in quarter 1 and will, quite honestly, for a little bit through 2020, are some short-term operational challenges. But the demand for the brand and the demand for the category, I feel, has only strengthened through this. And those short-term operational challenges will mitigate. They will go away. And I feel very good about the long-term position and our strategy and focus on the power of 3 behind that. 
Calvin McDonald: No, for sure. And I'll take it from just a very high-level strategic position. And it really is interesting when I reflect and look back on the quarter, the different moves that we shifted to where early on with COVID 19, when it was predominantly in China and we were closing our stores, we were very much focused on ensuring our raw material sourcing was well-secured, working with many of our partners on building out sort of quantity of raw materials, so we could get to production of finished goods. And then as it continued to expand, we started to shift and close stores. It started to shift to demand and total quantity that we would need, making decisions in the short term to support our vendor partners, as I mentioned, equally looking forward to quarter 3, quarter 4 and what our current buys were and how we wanted to make adjustments to those. And where we stand coming out of quarter 1 is, obviously, a higher inventory number than some of our peers, but that's because we haven't actioned through markdowns. We haven't actioned by pushing back and not honoring commitments we made. And we have a large portion of our inventory that's not seasonal, that is core, that are colors that sell year-long, and there's a high demand for that product. And as stores open up, that demand will only increase. And as we look forward to the end of the year, we plan to manage, through having more inventory now into managing into more of a traditional inventory level while able to work with our vendor base on pivoting and reacting quicker on styles and/or colors if we deem necessary. So there is a lot of flexibility built in. And I think the commitments we've made and where we stand right now allows us to play in a very effective way heading into the back half of this year. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Matthew. I think it's too early to really assess where we're going to sort of find the new norm and mix. What we are seeing -- and I would put this into context with our own team. We have one of the most productive retail models in the industry. Smaller stores, highly productive per square foot, which means we are moving through a lot of volume in small space. And the reality is, as we open up these stores, there are operational constraints through social distancing that we are honoring and respecting and supporting to protect our teams that are going to restrict us hitting those levels as quickly as we might like or, quite frankly, as quickly as the demand of our guest is as a result. I think that we're going to see our store productivity improve as we move through the year. It is currently in and around 75. Some stores are at 100%. It really does balance between market and time in. Stores are doing a wonderful job in how to service the guests and address the needs outside of the store, so we can get those that would have shopped inside the store. But that's how I'm viewing the store productivity number.  Heading into quarter 2 with e-commerce, we mentioned growth coming out of April of 125%. We've seen that accelerate coming into May and June. I think throughout the quarter, we're going to probably see that settle back in and around the 125% range. But as of right now, we have about 50% of our fleet in North America open. We're happy with the productivity numbers. We know it's going to be a little bit longer for us to hit our industry-leading numbers. But e-comm has currently accelerated, and we'll see where that mix is back. But I think both are just an indication of a strong demand for the product, short-term operational challenges that we're working through, but very positive in terms of the demand for the product and what we're seeing from the guest. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, John. Listen, it's hard. My first response would be no. I think this is very difficult times to evaluate our -- the value of our retail fleet and to make any dramatic shifts and changes from a strategy that, 8 weeks ago, was relevant. Guests were shopping, and plus 20% was our combined comp, and our stores across our very flexible fleet were performing incredibly well. There's no doubt coming out that our online business, I believe, will find a new norm that's higher than where we began. That we definitely know we're going to have more omni-guests, which is incredibly exciting, because an omni-guest shops more often and spends more with us and is more loyal to the brand. But they're still an omni-guest, meaning they shop both physical and our online business. And I think it's too early to determine if there's going to be any dramatic shifts. We have very powerful stores. They are core to our connection with the community and how we build the brand and the loyalty. Recruiting guests, it's our #1 vehicle, still to recruit guests. And we were already shifting to a very flexible scenario of smaller seasonal into the experiential stores. So we will come out. We will continue to manage and see guest behavior. My anticipation is that those larger stores, the experiential and what they're delivering in the community and the role that they were going to play, were always designed through an omni-lens, and these are just going to be stronger, more powerful locations for us. And we were never looking at this as being the dominant number of stores in our fleet. We're being very selective. And I think there's, in fact, a lot of exciting opportunities of the role they can play within the omni-lens being rooted in the community and how guests are interacting with us, both online, virtually, as well as in stores. So nothing and shouldn't anticipate a significant shift. We'll learn, but still very committed to the growth in our store fleet, because we know we have a -- relative to others, a moderate number of stores and still opportunity to grow in markets. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. No, absolutely. And I'll walk through sort of coming in and the progression through sort of the 3 phases I laid out into -- in Q2, because I do think it's -- we use it as an interesting and helpful benchmark of how stores will build. And saying that, the rest of the markets, as they come on, are accelerating this growth curve to getting back to sort of a productivity level quicker than what we saw our stores in China. But heading into the -- coming out of quarter 4, and obviously, we were impacted much quicker in Q1 in China, the e-commerce business did accelerate relative to the incoming trend. We don't share specific numbers, but it was a meaningful acceleration as we close stores. When stores reopened, what we saw was it took a number of weeks to get back into a positive comp in March. The total business was positive, but that was driven through a very successful e-commerce growth as a mix where our store comp growth was still negative. And then into April, we saw single-digit growth as stores got closer to sort of breaking -- or positive comp to no longer declining, and our e-commerce business continued to be strong. Most of that in-stores was driven by conversion and ordering. We have seen a slower return to traffic numbers. But as stores got to growth, and as we've mentioned, they've been in the last few weeks, getting now into that 20-plus percent comp growth number, and we've been holding very strong e-commerce growth. So our China business has really returned to where it was pre-COVID-19 in that marketplace. It's driven on conversion in that highly engaged guests. Traffic is improving, but is definitely probably in retail the trailing metric in that sales equation. 
Calvin McDonald: No, great question. We've -- in particular, we launched a number of digital sweat offerings to our guests. It was one of those areas where I'm so proud of the way the team jumped on the opportunity to innovate. And we really tested and learned and accelerated a lot of initiatives forward so that we could really be present and offer what they were looking for. And that's across Instagram, our YouTube channel, Facebook. It's leveraging our ambassador community to really provide those. We launched a move event on Strava, which the results are significant in terms of the number of miles ran or bike or other activity and the number of guests that participated. So really energized about the engagement that guests are having with our brand with digital sweat. And also, one of the things that I think is very exciting is it validated what we know, which is the power of this brand and the relationship with our guests and the ability to be in conversation with them and have them interact with us outside of just purely transactional needs. We are in daily conversations with a number of our guests. They were interacting with our brand day-to-day, week-to-week. So when it came time to buy, when it came time to think about the category, just reinforces the role that our brand plays in their lives and the role that we can play in their sweat. So excited about what we're seeing with digital.  As it relates to membership, the program today is a balance between physical sweat as a driver product. And we always had planned on providing digital solutions as well as a part of the membership package. We have pushed out a broader city launch to early '21 at this point in time as a result of, quite honestly, it's more about the uncertainty than it is about guest engagement and demand for this membership program.  In the cities, we've had Austin, Denver, Chicago and Edmonton, incredible engagement. They've continued to be engaged in the program even during this. They've engaged in our online activities. We have some unique offerings planned for them. We are going to repeat in those cities this fall. We're going to add one new city to the program so we can continue to learn. But we pushed off the broader launch that we had planned for to early '21, more because of the uncertainty than really demand. Demand remains very strong. We're excited about it. We're going to be able to add to the guest mix on that. Some more to come. But there will be, in those cities plus one more this year, is the current plan. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. Thanks, Matt. It's Meghan. We're not going to provide specific guidance on product margin as we move throughout the year, but what we are providing is that we expect gross margin pressure to be slightly more in Q2 versus what we saw in Q1. And then we also expect gross margin performance in the second half of the year to be better than the first half as sales recover. I'd also note that we are expecting $40 million in overhead cost savings within our margin bucket, similar to the buckets we called out in the $130 million in SG&A savings we expect for the full year. 
Meghan Frank: Lorraine, thanks, it's Meghan. Yes. So in terms of the inventory proportion that is core, it's 40 -- approximately 40% of our assortment. We have, at this point, committed to our second half purchases through winter. We do have some flexibility within that as a large part of our assortment is core in that 40%. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Paul. So our e-comm channel is more profitable than our store channel. However, we do look at the business as an omnichannel business. Over the longer term, as the situation normalizes, we expect to remain committed to our long-term growth strategy of sales in the mid-teens, modest gross margin expansion, modest SG&A leverage and EPS growth in excess of sales. 
Meghan Frank: Great. Thanks, John. It's Meghan. We have approximately 60% of our stores open at this point globally. 100% in Australia and New Zealand, 95% in Asia, 60% in Europe and 50% in North America. We do expect that we'll open almost 100% of our stores by the end of June. If we think about the productivity we're seeing within those stores, as Calvin mentioned, in the initial weeks, we've seen some variability. It's still very early, but we're seeing that in the range of 75% to over 100% of last year's productivity. And at the same time, we've seen our e-commerce business accelerate in early weeks of the quarter. As I shared, we expect total revenue to improve in Q2 to a high single-digit decline. And we expect e-comm for the quarter to grow at approximately 125%. So moderating throughout the quarter as stores ramp and reopen. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. Great. Thanks, Alex. So in terms of differences in what we're seeing in trends, we're not seeing significant differences either by format or location. I would share we're seeing modestly better performance in non-mall locations, and we are benefited by approximately 2/3 of our store locations being outside of malls. 
