Patrick Guido: Yes. Paul, it's PJ. Thanks for the question. So similar to Q2 going forward in back half for gross margin, it's a similar story. We expect continued gains in product margin, driven by lower product costs. We don't forecast into a mix benefit, but mix has been a benefit for the first part of the year, given the strength in our women's pants business. But product costs remain the big opportunity, and it comes through scale, through segmenting our supply chain, better cost visibility and certainly greater efficiency across our distribution networks. So we expect that to continue. The takes, as you alluded to, we will see some occupancy and depreciation pressure as we continue to open stores internationally, which carry higher rents, as you know. But we also have some product development costs for newer categories such as bras, outerwear and accessories. So those are the puts and takes we see in the back half, but net-net, we still expect modest gross margin expansion for the year and going forward. 
Patrick Guido: And on SG&A, so we committed to modest SG&A leverage. Last year, we delivered. We're committing to the same for this year and going forward. We continue to use strong performance to invest in current long-term growth. We are seeing the results from that. During Q2, we invested, specifically, we expanded testing in new growth vehicles, loyalty. We continued our investment in our North American online guest experience. We continue to expand our omni capabilities, both in North America and globally. And that will continue to roll forward in the second half of the year.  If we don't do these investments, we could see higher SG&A leverage for the quarter and beyond, but we continue to believe this is the right strategy for the business. 
Patrick Guido: Well, to your second question, we're pleased with the momentum. Can't give too much color on comp, but we're pleased with where we are, and we continue to see strong traffic. So good news there.  On your question about SG&A, I would not say it's a microcosm of the future, but I would say given our store performance, we did leverage channel SG&A to a higher degree this quarter, but we also did have higher investment. And again, we use the upside of good performance to set us up for growth in the coming year.  So I would also say we'll start to see benefit, and we already are seeing benefit from our prior investments that we've made in prior quarters. Specifically, digital marketing investment has driven guest acquisition. The enhancements to our website, search, browse, checkout are driving conversion. And our investments in data and analytics are allowing for greater personalization and a closer relationship with our guests. So our prior investment is leveraging. And again, that is a model that's been working for us, and we'll continue to deploy that. 
Patrick Guido: Yes. We don't really give out the specific markdown number, as you said. So our markdown activity was lower and -- this quarter, and it did contribute to gross margin expansion. Yes. 
Patrick Guido: Yes. Paul, it's PJ. So average ticket has remained relatively stable and is pretty consistent across channel. And there are subtle differences regionally, but by and large, average ticket is fairly similar. 
Patrick Guido: Yes. So the men's business penetration has picked up given the higher growth rate. It's in the low -- was in the low 20s, approaching the mid-20s. So that trend will continue. But while the men's business is growing at a high rate, the women's business is growing pretty steadily as well.  So I'm hard-pressed to put specific penetration numbers on it, given both businesses are growing together. So -- but men's has picked up. 
Patrick Guido: Yes. Sorry, Paul. We don't really share -- we don't share that. But bottoms is predominantly -- the ratio of bottoms to tops is obviously much higher. 
Patrick Guido: And Kimberly, this is PJ. To answer your question on China tariffs. So just as a reminder, our direct exposure to China is relatively small, with approximately 6% of our finished goods in scope for U.S. tariffs. That percentage is down considerably, given how we have diversified our vendor base. We've never had more flexibility than we do today in our supply chain. So going forward, we do not expect it to be a big impact to the business. In terms of quantifying it, I'll just reiterate that we guided on the last call we expected a $0.04 to $0.05 impact in the back half year weighted towards Q3. We did incur $0.01 of that in Q2. We do see an additional $0.04 in the back half, but more equally weighted given the delay in the tariffs. But it's a situation. We constantly monitor it. We have airfreight in as a hedge to ensure that we deliver for our guests. But again, this is an issue that we feel is highly manageable for us. 
Patrick Guido: And Ike, it's PJ. To answer your question about the supply chain and the gross margin impact. So yes, the startup in the Toronto DC has had an impact and has caused some modest deleverage. That's due to the fact that, yes, it's ramping up, and we're incurring some costs and some growing pains there. We expect, again, a modest impact associated with that as the facility scales, but it should -- we expect it to leverage thereafter. 
Patrick Guido: So with regards to international profitability, again, we're pleased with the progress we're making in all of our regions. We are profitable from an international standpoint. So last year, we did generate profit, and our China business is profitable, our Asia business is profitable. And our Europe business, which is still generating a modest loss, is quickly marching towards profitability. So we're on plan there, and we do expect to continue to scale and achieve profitability improvement in line with how we guided at Analyst Day. 
Patrick Guido: Yes. I think what we pointed out in the past is that occupancy is going to be a headwind going forward as we open new stores, particularly internationally. But we've also incurred cost associated with building out our distribution network.  So going forward, there is a headwind there, but we expect to scale and leverage that over time as stores ramp up, as DCs ramp-up. The real story in the gross margin is that product margin has remained strong and will continue to be the driving force behind gross margin. But we do see occupancy and depreciation in the gross margin line as [indiscernible]. 
Patrick Guido: Yes. So the big driver will be the APAC region, and specifically, China. So as that business continues to ramp up, that will drive a lot of the profitability. Europe will be also a contributor. So I do think we're on track to achieve that profitability that you talked about.  And as far as the business model, given the fact that our international businesses are fast-growing businesses, that means you'll -- we will continue to be investing in those businesses as we have outside, similar to what we've done in North America, given we've seen the results for that year. So hopefully that answers your question. 
Patrick Guido: Dana, it's PJ. So to answer your inventory question. So we feel really good about the inventory position, given our momentum. We did expedite some fall merchandise using air freight, and we'll continue to use air freight as a tool or a hedge if we start to see issues in the Southeast Asia region associated with the volatility around tariffs. But from a pure inventory standpoint, we are a low seasonal business, and our aged inventory is really low. So we feel really good about how our inventory is positioned, both at the end of the quarter and going forward. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Paul. On the momentum that we're seeing in the business, I really break it down into 3 key categories. The first is the athletics space in general is very healthy relative to other sectors in both apparel and retail in general. Second, our business has fewer highs and lows relative to other apparel brands. And we're less dependent on seasonal fluctuations, and we have a very healthy core business that is driving our success.  And then, finally, and it, to me, is what the team is doing such a wonderful job at, and that's engineering that growth. And that's coming from: one, compelling product; two, brand activations; and three, our continual improvement in our data analytics and digital marketing, where we're testing and learning and developing those strengths within the business.  So it's a combination of the health of the space and the success and momentum the team is doing in terms of engineering that growth. And we're seeing that across all international businesses, and we're seeing it within, not just in traffic, but as you alluded to, very healthy conversion numbers, which normally, you don't see those 2 run together. And that's the work that our store teams are doing on guest engagement, investing in the educator. And I also think it's a reflection of the data analytics, as I alluded to. Guests are coming in prepped with what their intent is, and we have educators engaged and ready to assist them, and all that work is paying off. 
Calvin McDonald: I mean, I think I would -- in our 5-year guidance and our long-term plan that we shared on Analyst Day, it's the best guidance that you should use to model, and it's what we're building into. It's a combination of fine-tuning opportunities to improve cost of goods as we grow in scale and as we build those relationships with our vendor base.  Second, obviously, we're mixing in new categories and making sure that we get that balance correctly. Third, we're mixing in new markets. And PJ alluded to different markets around the globe have a different cost structure as well as we're expanding our North American business, in building stores that are driving wonderful sales numbers and engaging with guests in offering them the full product.  So that full balance across our 5-year plan, we're committed to. We're seeing great success in it. A lot of that innovation is what's driving our top line. And I think the result is we are going to see leverage in gross margin, but it will be more in line with how we've provided guidance over the next coming years. 
Calvin McDonald: Mark, yes, we remain very excited about the opportunity within the bra category. The product team continues to launch and develop product that will launch in the coming quarters and years as we see opportunity to innovate into whitespace within the category and add to our assortment. One of the new areas for this quarter that we activated was a bit of that brand activation and storytelling, and we saw the guest respond well to it.  In Q1, we really started to invest and set up the stores, how we merchandise. Q2, as we continue to roll out a couple of incremental SKUs, we got into some of the storytelling. Lincoln Park is a test, but an expression of how we want to lean into the category and tell our unique, innovative story behind science of feel as well as present the athletic bra category to our guests in the different segments that we see as opportunity. So it is very early for us in bra. This will be a multi-quarter, multi-year investment. We are testing and learning and moving along. But the good news is that we're very happy with the results, and we're equally excited about how we're learning as an organization and what's to come as we continue to make investments in this category. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Kate. On the bottoms business, as you know, it's a core category for us in both women's and men's. And in Q2, we saw both of those continue to perform very strong with double-digit comp performance. In fact, men's outperformed women's as we continued to see success in our men's initiative as one of the key Power of Three growth initiatives. Strength in women's was really driven by both long styles in shorts. We're fueling the strength in shorts by leveraging our core line in fashion free franchises into a shorter inseam bike short, which is resonating very well with the guest.  And in men's, the ABC franchise continued to see great success with existing guests and as a very strong new guest acquisition item. And equally, seeing success in shorts with the short and the Pace Breaker in Surge. So a very good, healthy, balanced bottoms business across both pants, shorts, men's and women's. And we continue to have innovative plans that we'll be launching to continue to drive that momentum forward.  And as I alluded before, the team is doing a wonderful job in leveraging the relationships and then broadening, if you like, the share of wardrobe outside of just the bottom business. And we're seeing a lot of success in that, and that's helping to drive success across many of the other categories. And we anticipate to continue to see success in doing that. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Kimberly. In terms of our APAC business in particular, I'll start off with our international business overall remained very, very strong in Q2 after a very strong quarter 1 and remains that leading into Q3. As you know, Stuart was put into the role working with both the existing leadership of Ken and Gareth to really continue to put the focus on that business. And early -- but we're seeing great success of the strength of that leadership team coming together, shared learnings and working with Celeste and her team to really bring key learnings across the globe and driving the business. Within APAC, it's a balance across both stores as well as e-commerce, and that's what's so exciting. We opened up 8 stores in APAC in Q1, another one in Q2 and plan to continue a very aggressive back half. We opened the year with 15 in China. We plan to end the year 25 to 30 stores. So we're excited about the balance. Guests are responding to both the vision of the Sweatlife and the product. And yes, it's early for us in the -- in our growth journey, but I think it's the strength of the product and the community model that is resonating in that market. That's also helping to fuel our business through these quarters. So it's exciting to see. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Ike. Two great questions. On the first, what's been, quite honestly, a lot of fun in the learnings from the test markets are there are a number of aspects of how the guest is interacting with the program that we're really excited to see. The 2 that come to mind that probably we didn't anticipate to be as strong in the test markets, and that are -- that is, one, the percentage of new guests to lululemon that we're first seeing through the membership program. And the second is the penetration of men's in the program.  So we kind of went in expecting, in a pilot, in these contained markets, that it would definitely appeal to our high-value guest, which it has, but to see it be another acquisition to acquire new as well as an acquisition for men's was not something we initially had anticipated and has been really encouraging among many other aspects.  As you mentioned, we launched in Chicago. We're excited to be in that market. And we're going to continue to test and learn and roll out. We're going to expand more in 2020, and then really hit our stride probably in '21. We'll share more as we confirm our rollout plans. But it's early, but very positive, and we are continuing and will continue to expand to more markets. And '20 will be bigger than '19 as will '21. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, John. I was just with Gareth and team a few weeks ago. And I would say across the management team, we're quite excited about the success of our business in Europe and what the team is executing and how the guest is responding there. We've been longest in London, and we're seeing a real healthy business driven out of that. But at the same point, the other countries we've expanded to are resonating.  In Q2, we launched sites in Germany and France, in local language. And the guests are responding well to that continued to open doors. We opened our first full line in Paris in August. And as PJ indicated, we are very close to the profitability mark. And the team is doing a wonderful job in recruiting guests, building that business. And it's going to be a region that plays a big part in our international expansion and the commitment and the goal around the power of 3 of how we're going to quadruple it. And we're seeing some of that success to date. 
Calvin McDonald: Dana, I'll just add a few points to your second question. We continue to see very healthy metrics with our loyal or high-value guest in terms of retention and engagement in the brand. Equally, our new guest acquisition remains very strong quarter-to-quarter, and they're a big part of the conversion number that you're seeing and we're celebrating across both store and on e-commerce.  And one of the areas of success is in the migration of this new guest into becoming a high-value, where a healthy portion of our growth is coming from that migration. So we're seeing very good, very healthy new guest acquisition numbers. The teams are doing a wonderful job in migrating them up through the percentage of their spend. And then our retention of our high-value guest is very high and very solid and remaining in a very strong, stable growing position.  So in general, when I look at the metrics of our guests, they are healthy across all of those 3 very important levers, and we have many initiatives through both our digital and CRM continue to improve and strengthen. And the notion of events and our vision of the Sweatlife just reinforces those. It's either how we acquire new guests as I shared, through membership events is how we equally share and acquire guests through our 10K events in London -- sorry, in Toronto and in Edmonton and in San Diego. These are great acquisitions. And then they're migrating out. So very healthy across the board. 
