Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Brooke. In terms of our excitement and optimism for growth in every market, including the U.S., it remains as strong today as it was at the beginning of this year and obviously coming off of 2023, which was a very strong year for us. In the U.S., in particular, there are a number of areas of growth that we still see that have not changed. Continuing to acquire guests. We have very low unaided brand awareness, as you know, opportunities in categories across the wear occasions as we've tested and moved deeper into performance as well as into lounge and social, our accessories business and our men's. And our store fleet, which is still early in terms of opportunity, not just in expanding as well as optimizing and creating an even better environment for our product and our guests to shop. So in terms of the U.S., nothing has changed from the last few years into 2023 into the first quarter of this year. The opportunity for us when I look at the business is men's has a number of new innovative launches that are resonating and he's responding very well to. In performance with the Zeroed In and continuing the success of the changes from last year on the Pace Breaker into some of the key categories we identified, run, golf, and train, as well into some of the new franchises in the lounge category that we launched, he is responding incredibly well to that. And we saw that in our performance around the globe as well in the U.S. and we saw that in our share performance in the U.S., where we saw outsized gains in men's. In our women's business, we had some missed opportunity, really in our color palette, in particular, in some of the key categories such as our legging business where we didn't have enough color newness. The one color and newness we did have, she responded incredibly well to, but she was looking for more, and our palette that we chose was just more limited than what she was looking for, as well as because of the success in Q4, we came into the year with some missed opportunity across our size profile, particularly our smaller sizes. All of this is within our control, all of this the teams have been chasing, and we expect much of that to be addressed in the second-half of this year, as well as a lot of the newness and innovation we did have planned for this year in our women's business was scheduled more for mid to back half of the year. We have some exciting new innovation coming in our leggings, in particular in the next few weeks. In early July, we'll be launching a new innovation in leggings with a Hudson Yards called Breeze Through. So there were some missed opportunities in women's, but in terms of the health of the brand, the strength and the potential of the growth, nothing has changed. Traffic was positive in the quarter in the U.S. We did see the opportunity in conversion and we attribute that to, as I mentioned, the known missed opportunities as it relates to some missed opportunity in color in our women's business.
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Alex. On -- in terms of the track record of the team, I agree, we have a very talented a team across the product organization in both design and merchandising. And this was just a quarter where the chosen color palette was more narrow than I think the consumer coming into this year was looking for. We know that the consumer environment remains dynamic with inflation, higher interest rates. So it's weighing on the mind of the consumer and we also know they will spend, but they're being selective. And I think with our color palette, it -- we had opportunity because where we had it, she responded incredibly well. Combined with the success we've seen in growing our guest base and broadening cross sizes, the teams have been chasing into that to determine the go-forward size profile across the sizes and the different styles in both performance, lounge, and social. So I'm confident that those opportunities have been identified. I'm confident when I look to the innovation and the pipeline as well as just how we bring newness to core in the back half of this year and forward that a lot of that learning has been addressed, and we were able to address it and control it.
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Matt. I'll start with absolutely nothing has changed in terms of the growth potential of this brand, not just internationally across all markets, but in the U.S. As you know, 2023 was a very strong market for us. Quarter four was a very strong quarter for us in the U.S. and have identified some missed opportunities in Q1. We saw success in our men's business where we did bring newness, innovation, color, and we had less of an impact on the size, status, and very pleased with that growth as well as that growth relative to the market and the outsized gains we saw in share. In the accessories business, we know that we're cycling over the success of the Everywhere Belt Bag, which is incredible. It really validates and shows what's possible for our brand in accessories in particular in bags. And although that bag continues to perform well, not quite to the levels of last year, but the team has introduced a number of new styles of bags that the guests responded incredibly well to. We just didn't have the depth of inventory to satisfy the demand that could have offset the -- some of the headwind of the Everywhere Belt Bag success last year. That is something we can control. We know the newness is resonating and the guest is moving beyond just an Everywhere Belt Bag. And we have opportunity and the teams have been chasing into that and expect to be in a better in-stock position in the back half. The Two-Tone bag is a good example of that, sold out almost immediately. We were able to chase, bring some in, offer it as an Essentials member early access. It again sold and did incredibly well and we continue to chase into that. So we have a number of exciting, very successful bags in our accessory business that we are chasing inventory in and excited to see how that will contribute -- continue to contribute to our growth. And then in the women's business, traffic, as I mentioned, was positive, engagement in the brand was positive where we had newness. She engaged incredibly well in some of the new innovation we brought. She continued to perform very well in some of the new activities that we've continued to lean in on, tennis, golf, as well as our position in yoga and train and run have seen strength. We can really attribute the missed opportunity to a handful of categories, leggings in particular, as I've mentioned, and really linked to color and less color than last year, which was a choice in the palette, more narrow and based on where the consumer is this year a missed opportunity for us. But nothing from a brand, from an opportunity to grow unaided awareness, and engagement in the brand has fundamentally shifted and changed. And I remain as optimistic and excited about our growth potential in the U.S. as I am in all of our international markets. And we see that in the performance of this quarter with fantastic growth in Mainland China, strong growth in the rest of the world, how the brand is continuing to grow, continuing to acquire guests and resonate and the uniqueness of our product. And I don't see anybody with product comparable from a from a positioning perspective. So I do believe the differentiation of the brand is the same, and we know what the opportunities are and what we can control. And that's what the teams are focused on, and definitely we'll get stronger as we as we trade through this year.
Calvin McDonald: And with the consumer, I sort of mentioned that obviously, we're monitoring the environment and it remains dynamic. But we do know that the guest is being more selective, but will spend where they choose. So we believe our product is differentiated in the marketplace, stands out in terms of quality as well as the versatility, which I think is a key element of the product of how it can be worn multiple wear occasions and use cases across either performance activities and/or through social and lounge, which these are unique positions. And the missed opportunity is really what that we did not provide her in terms of the assortment she was looking for in certain areas. Obviously, where we did, she responded incredibly well and he continued to. When I look at the overall mix, nothing really to call out. UPT and AUR, no change, no fundamental shifts and changes there. Really, traffic was positive, as I mentioned. In the quarter, it was conversion that we just saw an opportunity on with guests coming in and either not acquiring as much and/or as they didn't necessarily see the color in that product. But we believe the loyalty and the engagement with our guests over multiple years, which we've continued. And coming off of Q4, this is a very short transition as we course-correct and adjust some of these product opportunities and the teams have been in that work. So nothing that I'm concerned about long term in terms of our ability. We have a very sticky guest. We have a brand that there's a lot of love for and differentiated product. And we know where the opportunity is, and the teams have been chasing that for the back half of this year. So I'm not -- have not seen anything and I'm not concerned with any fundamental shifts in the guest or the guest loyalty or attention with this brand.
Calvin McDonald: Yes, Paul. In terms of the competitive landscape, the second part I'll address first, have not seen anything dramatically different from a promotional intensity perspective. There remains competitors in this space that use promo as a means to drive demand for their product. We've seen that increase over the last few years, but I wouldn't say in this quarter, it's either gone deeper or pulled back. It's sort of the same, which I would say is a heightened level from a few years ago, but nothing dramatic in the quarter. And competition in our space has always been there and been intense, and we've always been able to continue to perform and compete. And nothing has shifted from quarter four and 2023, where we saw our performance in the U.S. be very strong into Q1. And I really therefore point to the missed opportunities that we had versus it being a competitive impact on our business. Our men's business, and there are competitors in the men's space performed very well where we saw the outsized share gains because of the product, the innovation, the newness and the color palette was there. It resonated and very pleased with the success momentum that has continued in that business. I shared the accessories, and the excitement behind the newness, but lack of depth to satisfy the demand. And the mis opportunity in women's, which is really, we control that. It's within our control and we've been chasing it. So competition has always been there. I haven't seen anything dramatically shift and change in the quarter and definitely not from Q4 to Q1 where we had a very strong quarter. And therefore, I really do point to missed opportunities that we that we have.
Calvin McDonald: And in terms of share, in Q1, we did gain market share in both the U.S. adult apparel industry as well as the U.S. adult active wear industry. We saw outsized gains in men's where we significantly outperformed the overall market. In women's, we were flattish based on the missed opportunities that I identified.
Calvin McDonald: Hi, Dana. I'll chat with Matt. Just I'll just add in terms of the optimization of our doors around the world, including in the U.S., very excited with the results we see, the percentage of the portfolio that we still have available to be optimized, and obviously the product innovative pipeline that is creating opportunities for these additional categories within that space. And that's markets from APAC to Australia into the U.S. So very excited about how we will continue to invest, optimize, and showcase our product innovation in an even a stronger fashion. In terms of men's, men's globally is performing very strong. Interestingly, it took us a number of years to get to our penetration of the men's business in North America, and we're seeing the international markets get there a lot quicker. So it really earlier on, lululemon is a dual-gender brand in these markets and men are responding to the newness in the product and the innovation globally. In similar fashion, when we see the strength of the ABC, we see the strength of our performance franchises. Interestingly, when we see the success of the new launches, the Zeroed In franchise or the expansion of Pace Breaker are resonating around the globe in all of our markets. So excited to see the growth in men's globally as well as in the U.S.
Calvin McDonald: I think from a geography perspective, we haven't broken it out. Obviously, Mainland China, which continues to perform well for us. And we're still early in terms of the potential when we look at the number of doors we have, the potential of store locations, the success of our business online, unaided awareness internationally being as low as it is in every market we're in. So really the growth possibility is on stores. Digital, where we have a different degree of penetration of our digital channel, but I think all markets can be hitting 40%-plus on our digital channel in the years to come as a support and driver of that as we build out our store network and opportunity. The addition of new markets, but we're in the bulk of the right markets that are going to drive fundamentally the majority of that growth across EMEA, APAC, and Mainland China. And we are just so early in that growth that when I look at the performance and the adoption and the reception of the brand, where we are in unaided awareness, where we are in store penetration and growth and that potential, and then look at some competitive other brands and where their ratio is, that's where our aspiration is and see that opportunity. Obviously, not in the current Power of Three times two where, our goal is to quadruple our business again on top of quadrupling it. But there is nothing systemic that's preventing the brand from achieving a 50% international, 50% North America penetration in the future.
Meghan Frank: Yes. And thanks, Alex. From a China standpoint, we're very pleased with our business in that market. Continue to see very strong trends in Q1, so plus 52% constant currency China Mainland. And I would say from a competitive landscape, we continue to see strong business on our side. Definitely closely monitoring the environment, but we're really still early in our growth journey there, and no concerns at this point in time.
Meghan Frank: Yes, sure. So inventory, we were down 15% at the end of the quarter. So that was on the lower end of the range that we provided of high-single-digit to low-double-digit decline. And we do expect the second-half inventory will grow year-over-year relatively in line with sales. I would say at this point in time, we're very pleased with the currency and composition of our inventory outside of some of the opportunity areas that Calvin mentioned. So well-positioned there from an overall perspective. In terms of markdowns, we were up 50 basis points year-over-year in Q1. We believe Q2 will be slightly above last year as well, though less than Q1, and we are still expecting essentially flat markdowns for the year. And with that, some of the opportunity areas that Calvin described in terms of color and sizing. And we are continuing to chase into as well as some other items that are working for us for the second-half of the year and we've got some innovation teed up and believe that will drive the gas towards the full-price component of our assortment and a lot markdowns for the year.
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Michael. So in terms of U.S. product margin, I don't see that changing over the long term. We run a highly full-price business. We have no plans to change our strategy there. So I would view some of the current challenges with assortment and slightly higher markdowns as temporary. And then from a Canada to U.S. perspective, the opportunity areas that Calvin outlined in terms of color, sizing were more prominent drivers last year in the U.S. as well as the Everywhere Belt Bag was a more popular item in the U.S. as well. And so that's driving the difference in terms of trend.
Meghan Frank: Yes. Hi, Ike. So in terms of markdowns for the first quarter. So I would say the challenges we saw with assortment and color and sizing, and in addition to that, the environment, we did see gaps gravitate more towards the markdown proportion of our assortment. So we saw 50 basis points increase. We believe Q2 will be still up to last year, but lower than -- a lower increase than Q1. Q1 is a relatively small portion of our markdowns for the year. So when we think about the full year, we are maintaining that essentially flat markdown rate for the full year, but we would see some opportunity in the second-half just given some of the actions we're taking to correct those pieces of the assortment in terms of the color sizing, and then also some exciting innovation that Calvin spoke to as well as other portions of the assortment that we're chasing into that are working for us today. So feel well-positioned headed into the second-half of the year.
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Paul. I would say from a regional and country level. A little bit of feedback. [Technical Difficulty] Sorry about that. So from a regional and country-specific perspective, we have not changed our outlook materially for the balance of the year. I would say the slight Q1 overperformance would have come from international region and primarily China.
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Sharon. I would say in terms of U.S. performance, it did come in as we expected in Q1. And so I would say to that from that standpoint, it was in line with our expectations.
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Dana. I would say in terms of new store openings, we continue to see opportunity and runway across all of our geographies. In the U.S. specifically, we see sales -- very productive sales per square foot above our average, which is around $1,600 per square foot. We tend to look at new stores as ramping into their full mature volume over a two- to four-year period. I would say we're continuing to see that, and we see ample runway in both the U.S. as well as importantly, our international region.
Meghan Frank: Yes. So we haven't put a fine point on stores versus e-comm. What we shared in our current five-year plan is we expected e-comm to grow slightly ahead of our 15% CAGR and stores slightly below. And but we are remaining agile and going to where the guest wants to shop with us. As you mentioned, we've invested in omnichannel capabilities and really look at it as a seamless experience across both. And so see slightly more opportunity in e-commerce over the longer term. And -- but we'll remain agile in how we approach the business.
