Stuart Haselden: Yes. Paul, it's Stuart. So as we think about the margin improvement and the order of magnitude, we still see the potential -- we still expect to achieve the area of 300 basis points of product margin improvement versus 2014 pre-FX. But I think what we're seeing now that we're a little farther into 2015 and have more visibility on the first half of '16 that it'll likely take us into the first half of 2017 to fully achieve that level of margin recovery. But as you mentioned, we are seeing the opportunity taking shape in 2016, particularly beginning in the second quarter, and again -- but we will see improvement in margin in the first quarter but a greater inflection accelerating into the second quarter, and so we feel like the overall story is intact. We tried to lay out, in my prepared remarks, some of the primary buckets for how we'll deliver that, and I can give you a little color now on each of those. So as you look at the reductions in air freight, that's a big piece of the equation and one of the more tangible that we've been able to make, probably the most progress on -- in 2015. As I mentioned, we're seeing air freight utilization in the fourth quarter less than half of what it was in 2014. So that's going to translate into an important point of leverage for gross margins in the current quarter, in Q4. We see that extending into 2016. And to quantify it, we're looking at air utilization rates that are under 25%, where in much of the prior year, they were approaching 50%, north of 40% -- usually north of 40%. So that's a critical element that is tangible that we're seeing and meet your current benefits. The other areas, the improved logistics and duty costs, so on the logistics side, there's programs we've identified to optimize our mode utilization. All air freight isn't created equal, and there's different tiers of air that you can leverage at different levels of cost to the company. So we've identified ways to optimize that where we choose to use it. The same thing for ocean freight. It's not all created equal, and we've, again, identified where we can do a better job of flowing inventory through the supply chain, through the logistics elements of how we move product. And duty costs, there's just some pretty straightforward first sale opportunities we've identified that we're going to work on now. So again, those are, again, meaningful opportunities from a cost reduction standpoint. FOB cost improvements, this is really us getting our house in order. We've talked about this earlier in the year. Improving our demand planning, being able to look forward and have a more reliable estimate of our production requirements that we can take to our suppliers to deliver more consistent production requirements, reducing the amount of cancellations that we've seen, and as well, late stage change orders. All those things will improve our ability to lower our FOB costs. And then also, as I mentioned, the go-to-market process, more discipline around how we manage our fabric liability. We've taken some steps earlier in this year to clean up our positions. We feel like we should be in a good place to enter 2016 in that regard. And also, as our internal processes for product development improve, we can improve our development ratio, as I mentioned which, again, our -- is an important part of the liabilities that we generate to support our product process. So I mean, those are the big areas we'd like to identify and not going to break out sort of the details around each in terms of what they're worth, but each of those are meaningful and will be part of the overall recovery that we see really accelerating in Q2 of next year. 
Stuart Haselden: Great. And Brian, it's Stuart. I'll speak to the -- to your SG&A question. So SG&A did come in high for the quarter versus our prior expectations. There were a few factors that explain where we landed, a couple of which we mentioned in the prepared remarks, but these -- there's really 3 things I'll call out. First, we did see about $3.4 million of increase in FX revaluation loss versus Q3 of last year. We also had about $1 million in severance that was not incorporated in our earlier estimates. And finally, consulting fees, which in total were around $2.5 million in the quarter related to our supply chain initiatives, primarily came in above our prior estimates. A portion of that was contemplated in the guidance, but there was some portion that was above what we expected. The combination of those factors accounted for over 100 basis points of deleverage that we saw in the quarter and essentially bridge us back to our original estimates. We're comfortable that these costs are onetime in nature and do not represent a permanent increase in our cost structure and really offer us an opportunity for leverage as we lap these costs into next year. And as you -- as we think about Q4, we do anticipate a meaningful amount of SG&A deleverage in Q4, and that's implied in the guidance that we gave, but to a somewhat lesser degree than what we saw in Q3. You also heard in our prepared remarks some of the factors that we pointed to that will affect SG&A in the fourth quarter, the biggest of these being the $7 million in FX gains in Q4 last year that we are now lapping. That by itself is about 100 basis points of pressure. Otherwise, we are continuing to invest in our supply chain initiatives. That's probably the largest of the factors otherwise. But we also have important investments in website redesign and our digital marketing efforts. As we look into 2016, it's -- we'll give -- we'll certainly give more detailed guidance around 2016 on our Q4 call. We'll continue to make investments to support the supply chain initiatives, which will likely be heavier in the first half of the year as we are -- as we draw closer to completing those key investments in that time frame. So hope that's helpful. 
Stuart Haselden: It's not a great way, I think, that we would explain what's going on in our gross margin picture. I think we believe our seasonal products and our core products should both offer great margins that should lead to margin expansion from where we currently are. I guess what I would say is, we're 5, 6 weeks now into Q4, and we're excited to see that the efforts that we've been making over the course of the year are starting to get traction from a product margin standpoint. As we mentioned in the opening, we are seeing stabilizing product margins that are happening now in the fourth quarter as we begin to clear some of these port-related issues. As I just mentioned a few minutes ago, air freight is an important source of leverage for us as the utilizations are coming in line with our targets and our supply chain begins to normalize. Occupancy and depreciation will also be a big point -- big part of leverage for our gross margin into -- in Q4, and then even a greater source of sequential improvement into 2016. And just to be clear, there'll still be deleverage in Q4, but just not as much as what we've seen in the earlier parts of the year related to occupancy and depreciation. FX will continue to be a headwind. We will have some increased markdowns in the fourth quarter so that we can stay on top of the inventory movement. We are committed to and aggressive in ensuring that we get our inventories rebalanced. But coming back to your question, Sharon, on sort of core versus seasonal, we are developing a merchandise segmentation strategy that will enable us to balance the product, different elements of our assortments based on the anticipated life of those, the product life of those different parts of the assortment. And that should give us an advantage in how we build supply chains to deliver those and capture margin opportunities. So again, I guess, the punchline here is that we think we should be able to deliver great margins on both seasonal and core products, and that's how we're drawing up our plans. 
Stuart Haselden: And Oliver, it's Stuart. So the -- on the markdown question, there's a couple pieces there. Certainly, we have added activities, namely the physical warehouse sale, the online warehouse sale that we did earlier in the year and the 2 warehouse sales we now have teed up for the fourth quarter. Those certainly serve to increase the amount of markdowns that we have and are part of the guidance that we gave and the results in Q3. And otherwise, we are taking steps with regards to markdowns to make sure that we are staying on track with the clearance goals that we have to move through the inventory we have in an orderly manner. So in October, we did see -- we saw traffic slow in the final weeks of October. And there was some incremental markdown activity there to, again, stay on top of the inventory movement. We -- and the guidance that we have given for Q4 reflects the quarter-to-date activity and the -- as well our expectations at this point for the balance of the quarter in terms of actions we'll need to take to, again, stay on top of that inventory movement. 
Stuart Haselden: Hey, Matt, so let me try to sharpen what we said a little bit there. In Q1, we expect to see sequential improvement in gross margin year-over-year versus the prior quarter, meaning the Q4. So I think we're seeing -- we're going to see a nice sequential improvement in Q4 versus the quarter we just reported, but still will likely be down year-over-year. As we get into Q1 of 2016, we'll see a further sequential improvement in gross margin, again, as our work to improve our supply chain efficiency and all the things we mentioned takes -- gets farther along. I didn't say necessarily that gross margin in Q1 would be up. We'll give more specific guidance in -- on our Q4 call, but I think what we are comfortable committing to is that we will see a sequential improvement in Q1. We see greater opportunity in Q2 and beyond in 2016 to see a greater inflection in our product margin and gross margin opportunities, and that's a combination of, again, just being farther along in the initiatives that we have. The FOB cost improvements in particular are going to be more second half weighted than first half, and there will likely be some actions we'll take that will weigh on margins related to just getting our inventories aligned in the first quarter. So I'm not going to put a number on what that product margin improvement looks like in 2016 today. We'll be able to speak with more precision to that again on the Q4 call. But I guess, conceptually, we're just saying, given what we know now about inventory flows into the first half of 2016, we still feel confident about the order of magnitude of inflection that we can achieve being consistent with that 300 basis points pre-FX product margin back to 2014, but it's likely going to take us a little bit more time into 2017 -- first half of 2017 to fully achieve that. 
Stuart Haselden: That's right. I think our -- what we had laid out was 100,000 units in Q3. We came in around 90,000, so still feel good. Directionally, that keeps us on track, and we'll be able to complete that part of the plan in the fourth quarter as we had described. But again, the biggest change in the inventory outlook for Q4 is really that in-transit, the decisions we made around it, we feel strongly that those are the right calls. We think otherwise it would be shortsighted to not ensure that we're protecting our flows into the first quarter. And otherwise, not take advantage from a margin standpoint of our ability now to shift from air to ocean. The consequence of that unfortunately increases our in-transit at the end of Q4. But nonetheless, again, we feel strongly those are the right decisions. I think what we will plan to do at the end -- as part of our Q4 call, we'll break out and provide some details on our on-hand inventory levels versus the in-transit so that we can demonstrate the degree to which our on-hand inventories are coming in line, and also quantify what the impact on the -- of the in-transit increase will have been. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. So I think how I would answer that is that the next few weeks of the quarter in December are huge weeks from a volume standpoint. We're also up against a little tougher comparison in these weeks, and our comp assumption is probably just under the mid-single-digit range. So we're a little more conservative over the next few weeks in regards to the comp in that time frame, more conservative than we are for the quarter overall, if that makes sense. 
Laurent Potdevin: And Paul, this is Laurent. What I might want to add quickly is with the structural changes that we've made and -- on the product side, I mean, being design-led certainly doesn't come at the expense of great merchandising, and I've already seen much greater collaboration between design and merchandiser resulting in a much more focused approach to the assortment, which will create better experiences for our guests, but also much more efficient targeted sourcing of our product, resulting in far greater margin. So I mean, I've seen the impacts that it will have both on the guest standpoint, but also the laser focus on a more streamlined supply chain. 
Laurent Potdevin: Well, this is Laurent. I'll take the first part of the question. I mean, clearly, what we've learned and what we've known all along and where we probably lost our way the past 3 years that when we are bold and when we're innovative, our guests respond really well. And the response to the launch of the pant wall has been fantastic, so both from a fabrication, from an innovation standpoint, and we have actually seen price elasticity that was much greater than what we had originally anticipated, meaning that our guests really responded well to the value that we've provided. So when you look at the success of being bold, innovative and really delivering that kind of value, and when you look at the comp that we've had in pants and bra, it's obvious that the category that we need to be really focused on right now is tanks. And with Lee coming on as Creative Director, I mean, his first area of focus is clearly to deliver the same type of innovation both from a fabric, styling and construction standpoint that we have with the pant. So that is a very substantial opportunity for growth for us as you think about spring, summer 2016 and beyond. 
Laurent Potdevin: And Sharon, looking at it from a pure product standpoint. I mean, looking at what's coming in, in spring and summer from a print technique, from a texture or from a construction standpoint. I mean I really -- I've said that all along. I mean, there's no reason why seasonal should deliver less margin than core, especially when you compound that with our scarcity strategy around the seasonal product. So we feel very confident that there shouldn't be any margin discrepancies between seasonal and core, and I actually think that we're not even thinking about seasonal and core that way anymore. And I'd love to take this opportunity to remind all of you that Miguel Almeida, who's leading digital, is on the call with us. And over the next few calls, I'd love to expose all of you to more of the management team. So obviously, digital is a center of excellence that we're building. Miguel has got a massive experience in that area. We're very excited about it and it's obviously a great opportunity for us. So if you've got questions for Miguel, don't make him feel bad for being silent here. Just ask him some questions. 
Laurent Potdevin: So Oliver, I'll take the least amount of time to answer your question. The largest opportunity right now for us is women's tanks. And Lee and Duke on the Brighton community side have actually put a fully dedicated team to just look at that opportunity and quickly bring product to life that we're proud of and that we love. So I'll leave it at that. That's clearly the biggest opportunity, one we're focused on. 
