Laurent Potdevin: Brian, this is Laurent. Before I let Stuart dig into the gross margin question, I think that what you're seeing in Canada is really the result of the work that we've done across product innovation, guest experience and brand and community and the quality of the assortments. So we are very, very pleased about, after 12 quarters of declining comps in Canada, we're actually seeing positive comps and we are seeing the same results in Australia. So I think it's really -- we've been speaking for quite some time now about the triangle of guest experience, brand and community and product coming together, and when you think about the recent launch of our new pant wall, I mean, that was a prime example of the power of our teams collaborating and coming together and really delivering what we are known for. So -- and it's certainly paying off in our most mature market, being Canada. And before we get into the details of gross margin, I mean, I think it's -- and I'm sure we'll have a lot of questions on gross margin. I mean, it's really, really important for everybody to understand that the short-term gross margin pressure that we are experiencing is not the result of higher markdowns or quality issues. We're building a very scalable, complex platform at a time when we're growing internationally. And we've added resources to the team, and we've validated that not only we will see the margin expansion that we've committed to, but we'll see it in 2016 and beyond, as we have stated before. 
Laurent Potdevin: Well, I mean, I think I'll go back to our products used always to be at the top end of the pyramid of the market that we've created. And as we look at new categories or at innovation of our current categories, I mean, we are very much pushing our teams both from a design standpoint and from a functional standpoint with white space and in collaboration with our ambassadors to really create products that are going to drive function and design at the top end. So I mean, we're not seeing ourselves being limited by pricing at all, as long as we deliver the value for our guests both from a function and from a design standpoint. 
Laurent Potdevin: And Bob, maybe to add to that a little bit. I mean, we're very -- when it comes to our international strategy, I mean, we're very, very focused on capital cities, where we know we've got a lot of demand and we're generating a lot of traffic and transactions. And as we deal with the same topics that we're on [ph] with digital and Miguel, we're coming up with some very exciting and nimble ways to really build brand resonance and brand awareness beyond those major cities, without necessarily spreading stores very rapidly throughout many countries. So I think we've been very strategic in focusing on the major cities and leveraging digital to grow brand resonance and awareness beyond those cities. 
Laurent Potdevin: And Oliver, to Tara's point, I mean, I think that we started with -- we focused initially on the pant category and that's really the anchor of our women's business. That's what drives traffic and what ultimately drives sort of multiple purchases in the stores. So I mean, that's why we really don't see the mix changing, but actually driving higher sales in all of our categories. 
Stuart Haselden: And Brian, we remain confident in the product margin opportunities that we have identified for 2016. We continue to build out the details of our implementation plans this year. As a reminder, that opportunity we identified was a 300 basis point improvement in product margins in 2016 versus 2014. The full year amounts for those annual comparisons, that's on a pre-FX basis. And it's the same things that we've been talking about. We'll capture this through primarily the improvements in our go-to-market calendar process, improvements that will deliver lower airfreight, improved raw material management and better costing. And additionally, as you look at gross margin, the other buckets that -- and there are other things weighing heavily on gross margins this year. We'll begin to leverage our infrastructure investments that we've been making this year, but we should also see markdowns normalize. And occupancy and depreciation costs should moderate into next year. We expect it'll still be a headwind, but not to the same degree as it has been this year. It'll be more in line with what our historical experience has been. As you then think about that -- those goals and connecting that to the results we just announced for Q2, the guidance for Q3 and Q4, I think the issues that are weighing on product margins this quarter and in Q -- and that we see extending into Q3 are not structural, that we'll be able to clear the port-related items that we've seen weighing on our margins and the other factors that I just mentioned as we get into next year. In Q4 specifically, we'll clear those port-related issues. That will not be -- that will not weigh on our margins. We'll see some modest product margin recovery in Q4. That will combine with better leverage on our fixed costs in the fourth quarter just from the higher sales levels in the fourth quarter. So hopefully, that's addressing your question. 
Stuart Haselden: So on the comps, we continue to see strong trends in traffic and conversion, sequential improvements in both of those, and that's across all our regions. So I would not want you to take away anything from the guidance that our comp momentum is slowing down in any way. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes, so I'll tackle the inventory clearance question first. So we're on track to what we had talked about last quarter. So we had described, and I think we've reiterated in our prepared remarks, that we had about 1/3 of the excess identified to be pushed through our normal exit channels and about 2/3 will be the reflow into our assortments in the second half. We had a successful online warehouse sale in the second quarter that enabled us to clear a little less than half of the excess overhang that we had from Q1. We have 2 physical warehouse sales planned for the balance of the year: one in Q3, one in Q4. And we're -- we also are opening 8 additional factory outlet stores this year. So the combination of those factors gives us the bandwidth or the capability to easily work through that excess, on plan with what we had previously outlined. 
Stuart Haselden: Matt, not really. I think it was more a decision to allow a little more runway to get the website exactly where we wanted it. We also had the benefit now of having Miguel on the team, and his leadership is critical in that area. And it helps the team remain focused on optimizing business in the critical fourth quarter as well, versus trying to manage also a major website implementation. So just felt like the right decision given those circumstances, and it really isn't -- it's not weighing on the comp guidance in any way. 
Stuart Haselden: And Dana, on your question on occupancy. I think the remodels -- or the renewals are an element of the pressure we've seen. We have great landlords, great relationships and are driving, I think, good terms there. As you look at the pressure, particularly in Q2, the new store opening cadence is really a bigger factor. We opened 20 stores in the second quarter compared to 7 last year. So just the year-over-year increase in new store openings is a bigger factor. Also the international stores we're opening, we've mentioned this before, come at a little higher occupancy costs and oftentimes include key money, which gets factored into that occupancy amortization. So those are probably bigger factors for us. We've also -- we're excited about the major renovations and relocations that we've also been pursuing and that also weighs into it, but it's smaller than just the new store opening cadence. 
Stuart Haselden: Bob, on international, some very exciting new store openings. I think Laurent mentioned the ifc Centre in Hong Kong. That store is contending for the highest sales per square foot in our company. And on a four-wall basis, very attractive operating four-wall profit. And so in general, we're happy with the new stores we're opening internationally. Pleased with the results in Europe. Asia has been really off the charts, that's on a four-wall basis. We are making significant investments in terms of the management teams to drive these regional businesses, marketing to support the store openings and building the supply chain to support these businesses. So it'll take us a while to get a critical mass to be able to leverage those investments. I think what we've said earlier in the year in regards to just the operating profit profile, we believe international will weigh on the company's operating margins, at least in the near to medium term. We're expecting to, over the next few years, to return to that low to mid-20s EBIT margin range, with the North American business being more in the mid-range of that -- of the 20%, 20% to 25% range, and international averaging it down, if that makes sense. So it'll continue to weigh on it. We're excited in terms of just the four-wall profit. We're excited about that as a long-term growth strategy for the company, and we're confident that we'll be able to drive operating profit improvements into the near term. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. So we're going to do 10 of those major renovations, remodels this year. That's on top of the 3 from last year that we had mentioned. Some of the 10 that we'll do this year include the expansion of our Park Royal store here in Vancouver, the opening -- the relocation of our Union Square store in New York to a location on Fifth Avenue in the Flatiron area, expansion of our Chinook Center, and expansion of our West Edmonton stores. So those are all major remodels, expansions, where the square footage is growing by at least 50% or in that range or higher, in some cases. And the majority of those are still teed up for the second half of the year, so I can't really give a good indication on how those particular projects are performing. But I will say the ones that we've mentioned from last year, Robson, Santa Monica, Lincoln Road, all continue to exceed expectations. In fact, Robson Street is on track to become the highest grossing sales-producing store in the chain at over $20 million this year. And I might remind you that before we relocated that store, it was an $11 million store. So a pretty strong outcome in that relocation that gives us a lot of enthusiasm to continue to look for opportunities similar to that throughout the chain. We think this will be an important part of the square footage growth story of the company in a very profitable manner in the years to come, but we're excited for that. We'll be able to speak with more details around how the openings this year and the projects this year are performing on our next call. 
Stuart Haselden: Thomas, I'll tackle your direct question first. So we continue to see strength in traffic and conversion in our e-commerce business. It's really the continuation of the story that we saw from Q1. And we think a big piece of this is simply the improved inventory position that we're now in. We're able to better meet demands, and I think in the second quarter, we had some interesting product flows that supported just the conversion. As we talked about, we have a major website remodel or relaunch, I should say, teed up for next year. So we feel good about where our website is today. We think we can be better. So we're very excited to see the continued momentum in the direct business and we, by no means, think we've topped out there. We believe there's still opportunity to be had as we continue to enhance and improve not only the website capabilities, but just how we engage with our customers via digital marketing and otherwise. 
Stuart Haselden: Oliver, so yes, on the supply chain catalysts, it's the things we've been talking about in terms of how the go-to-market calendar will synchronize. Our design and sourcing activities enable us to be a better partner to our vendors, more predictable demand management and a better synchronized process, where we can ring [ph] efficiencies and reduce waste in fabric and expedited shipping costs. So those all remain the focus. Our planning continues to ramp this year and the team's -- and the capabilities to support that are the investments that we're making this year. The timing remains the 300 basis points, as I had described it earlier, over the course of 2016 in comparison to 2014. 
Stuart Haselden: Matt, so yes, I think as we look at the near to medium term, we expect to be able to see modest SG&A leverage into next year. I'm going to balance that with just the ongoing strategic investments that we're going to continue to make in the business. It will have priority to enable us to continue to drive our growth initiatives. So that -- we'll balance those two objectives for sure. But ensuring we have the resources and the capabilities to deliver on our growth goals is the primary factor to consider there. In looking at Q2 and Q3, the leverage that we saw in Q2 was affected by the FX translation. For the P&L overall, FX was neutral, as we mentioned, but there was a benefit in the second quarter there. In Q3, the slight deleverage that we're calling out is related to, again, those strategic investments. And specifically, in the third quarter, we are anniversary-ing that comp -- that incentive comp reversal from last year. So that creates some comparative pressure this year. But again, I think we'll remain focused on making the investments we need and -- as well as working to deliver modest SG&A improvements. 
Tara Poseley: And then this is Tara and I can answer about out-of-stock. We've had really good initial reads on the pant wall, but we absolutely have inventory that we are in the process of allocating to stores. So those out-of-stocks that you may have perhaps seen, we did a big push of inventory prior to Labor Day weekend and you should see those level out as we get into the coming weeks. 
Tara Poseley: Dana, it's Tara. So we're really pleased with the men's business, as you heard from Laurent's prepared remarks, a 31% comp in the men's business, and we're really seeing acceleration across all categories within men's. But a real highlight that we're excited about is the sweat category and continue to see strength in that area, which is really the foundation of our men's athletic business. And we've been introducing new fabrics this year that are reinforcing our sweat platform. We had a new fabric, Intrinsic [ph], in Q1. We have Pima tech [ph] coming in Q3, very pleased with that. As for the tank wall, just to remind everybody, we had focused on the tank wall for Q2. Due to the port strike slowdown, we didn't get our tanks styled in until the very end of Q2. We saw nice response and comp trend change when we finally got our full range of support and tanks out in the stores. You'll continue to see new styles throughout Q3 and Q4 being added to the tank wall. And we're taking all of the great learnings that we're getting right now and incorporating that into our assortment for next year in 2016. And as for pricing, as Laurent said, where it warrants, where we're adding innovation, where we feel that we have that balance of really driving something new and different to our guests, we'll be pricing it appropriately within our tank pricing structure. 
Tara Poseley: And then this is Tara and I'll take on the pricing. With -- we had an opportunity recently to just really clean up our pricing architecture within the pant classification. So you are right, there are some prices that came down and some prices that came up as we really just cleaned up the architecture to make it easier for our educators to educate against our different styles. And then obviously, you could see the innovation that we launched in the pant wall and we're very excited about that and very excited our guest response and continues to reinforce as we deliver innovation to our guest. She's excited about it and sees the value in it. As for the average unit retail for the remainder of the year, probably slight increase, but really that was not the reason for this. It was really just cleaning up our pricing architecture and really continuing to make way for us to bring in more innovation into all of our assortments. 
Tara Poseley: Oliver, so the pant wall as a percent to the mix, I don't see that changing dramatically over time. Pant wall is our first place that we really tackled and launch with new innovation, but you'll continue to see that in other categories within both men's and women's. So I'm expecting our mix to relatively stay the same between tops and bottoms and jackets, et cetera. And then the balance of, I think, you said core versus basic. Really, the balance, how we think about it is seasonal and core. I think we've struck a very nice balance that we have in the stores right now. We know with seasonal how important newness is to our guests, how important delivering new products every week and the excitement that, that drives both online and guests coming into the store. So we feel really confident that we've got a nice balance as we go forward. 
