Christopher Ladd: Thanks, Christine, and good morning, everyone. Christine, I really want to thank you and the rest of the team for inviting me to join lululemon. This is a very exciting time in the company's growth and I want to acknowledge you for asking me to lead the e-Commerce business into this exciting next phase. As Christine mentioned on the Q4 call, I joined the company in February and spent the first 60 days traveling around the U.S., working in our stores and learning the business from the ground up. This was a great way to learn about our brand, meet some of our amazing store teams around the country, have inspiring conversations with our guests and of course gain perspective on the incredible opportunity for growth in our online business. I'm going to talk to you today about some of our recent accomplishments in the channel and start to lay out some of our key areas of emphasis to take this business to the next level. Q1 saw the migration from a fully outsourced business to an in-house model with the transition of our core e-Commerce platform to ATG and the migration of our e-Commerce distribution operations in the U.S. into our internal facility in Sumner.  The transition by all accounts was an incredibly successful one and I personally want to thank Kathryn Henry, our CIO, and all the teams across the company for making such a complex project a great success. We successfully mitigated the business risk and managed the guest experience in line with our expectations while adding some key functionality like one-page  check out, merchandising and search capabilities, rich imagery enhancements and core-business-process  stabilization. Most importantly, we are now standing on solid core foundation that will enable our teams to expand and innovate our e-Commerce business. The next few months will be focused on working with the internal teams to lay out the key projects and initiatives for scale and growth. Some of the areas you'll see us focused on predominant will be in the social, global and international areas, as well as shoring up our day-to-day store operations; delivering a world-class online guest experience; impeccable customer service; and without a doubt, connecting with our guests all around the world in new and innovative ways. We have very passionate and loyal friends out there and I look forward to learning from them what they want from us, and of course, elevating the world from mediocrity to  greatness one click at a time. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to John.
Christopher Ladd: Our predominant business is based in Canada and the U.S. And then we do pretty much ship all over the world from our DC in Sumner, Washington. So we see quite a bit of business coming from Europe, Asia, Australia. It's less than 3% of the total really, sort of outside of North America today, but we certainly see it as an opportunity for growth going forward.
Christopher Ladd: Yes, we sort of look at it as the same strategy as our store roll out. If the demand is there, if the guest is looking for us and feel like we need our presence there, then that's the strategy that we'll take. We do see some indication in a couple of places in the world now where we could certainly support it, and we're looking at that as we go forward.
Christopher Ladd: No, I think -- we're looking at early 2012. We really just got the platform in-house, and I think it's too premature for us to be rolling out any additional markets. We've got some work to do to shore up the North American business before we expand outside of that.
Christopher Ladd: I do think now that we have the platform in-house, we have some unique ways to bolster our community online. And I think if you see us adding any demand-generation-type  activities, it will be focused on how we further strengthen the community and using things like mobile apps is a great opportunity to do that.
Christopher Ladd: Yes, right now our mobile sales are 7% of the total and we don't have a mobile-optimized  website. So you can probably imagine what would happen with that percentage if we actually created an experience where people could use the phone in a friendly way to navigate the site. So that's one of the initiatives we are quickly getting underway today.
Christine M. Day: Thanks, John. As always, I'd just like to thank and point out that these business results are the results of a hard-work effort and commitment and passion of all our people in the company, and I'm really proud of the results they produced for the quarter. So with that, we'll turn it over to Q&A.
Christine M. Day: We think it's one of those -- as we're seeing it kind of shape up going forward, we definitely see an opportunity in not only like road bike, which we see is big, just general cycling and people using the bicycle more for commuting and practice and the need to have cycling clothes that work into the same way that our yoga works into -- from studio to home to work and mix and match in the wardrobe. We see cycling as being another opportunity that's like that and you'll see us innovate on a broad thing from indoor spin to outdoors and test a bunch of things as we kind of hone that. But always what's most important for us is getting the technical features right first. So we believe in testing a product in to get that anchor product that we know people love, and then we grow the line from there. So we're not in a hurry to do it. It's testing it, getting the technical aspect of it right and then growing it, which is how you saw us grow the run line.
Christine M. Day: And I think the focus  Delaney and our head of store development, Wynn [Wynn Spencer], have worked on is a strong pipeline and, what does it take not only to identify all the right locations, but what does it take to get ready to open in a strong way? And I think that strong partnership that we have produces the results that you see and is a key part of our strategy. And so overlooking that, we also look at strategic sales, we look at online sales for market readiness. We have a lot of metrics, and we'll open the right number that we see the consumer demand. Where we don't want to be is opening before that demand has been created, before we have a manager we can really believe in, or before we build the relationships with the guests. So we're always after the high-quality growth because that's what allows our business model to deliver the results.
Christine M. Day: Okay. So I'll start with cycling. And I think what -- we -- right now, we believe that run and yoga are still such  big white space. And as I talked about earlier, we want to keep some innovation back for it to drive that future growth and we also don't want to be distracted from what we believe are the 2 biggest growth categories. So we view kind of testing our way into it. But we also do see it's a great white-space opportunity, just like really yoga was to do a lot around. So we'll continue to develop that, but in terms of being in a hurry to develop something or needing to develop it to drive sales, we're not in a hurry from that perspective and getting it right, getting the technical product and exploring is really what we're doing there and we'll continue to do for some time and -- so that when we are ready to go, we're ready to go there. Pricing pressure, I don't think we've really seen a lot there. We have seen some cotton coming down.
Christine M. Day: And for ivivva, we're really excited about the results that we're seeing in the ivivva model. We're already producing square foot -- sales per square foot numbers that are above the industry average in that concept. The work that we've done on the product line has strengthened the gross margin to a  strong gross margin and as we increase our buys, we'll continue to get leverage on that. So it's a healthy business model and it's growing, and I think what we've learned about the guest is there's really -- there is some white space around that. So I think if we size that price compared to traditional children's wear or traditional sportswear, you'd probably get a smaller number based on those analytics than what we believe the opportunity for that concept is, because it's a combination. And we really feel like we've hit a great spot there with that dance, gymnastics and then the fitness line and skate being the big hitters. So we're really happy with what we've seen there. What you'll see us do is take it to online in Canada first. And then time permitting, we hope to get it online for the U.S. for the holiday season, but that still will be dependent on our resources to make that happen. And if not, then we'll launch it in spring of next year in the U.S., though we do anticipate we'll get a lot of demand, because we've already gotten a lot of calls about asking us when we're going to get that concept in. This year you'll see us open a couple of new stores. We've had some pop-up stores similar to the lululemon, but in its own unique way. We've done some test stores for that concept, so -- and those have been very well received, particularly in the Toronto market.
Christine M. Day: And I think one of our -- yes, and just the only thing I'd add, Janet, is the first site you'll see us concentrate on is Australia, so we can support the local store market there.
Christine M. Day: So for Canada, our goal is to have it late summer. It's a little touch and go just to make sure that we make it. Like what I'd like to have would be early August. It might be sometime in August. So that's what we're shooting for. In worst case, early September, which would be a little later than I'd like, but we have to let the team do it well and that's always our priority, is to have something that we can be proud about there and not rush a date. But we'll certainly, at a minimum, capture the holiday season.
Christine M. Day: We were definitely inventory light in the men's category. It's held its percentage of sales even through the growth. I think with men's, we're -- I still feel like we're going through a little bit of a transition.  I think that the product quality, the color set and the focus has been right. But I think we're still looking. We feel like we've got a really strong line of shorts and bottoms and, I think, our signature tank, our tech tops. And I think what we're really finding in men's is what's our sweet spot, so that we can really grow that without it being an also-ran  to somebody else or a distraction to us, so for our women's. And what's the right amount of space in the store for that? So I really feel like we still have a lot of room to grow in that category. The guests have loved the product and once they try it they're very loyal to the product. So I think that's still an evolving concept for us, but I know -- in my mind, we still haven't got that 100% right.
Christine M. Day: Well, I think, you see a natural evolution the U.S. because the brand was introduced as the male -- female brand. You see it stronger there. In Canada, we're starting to see that shift, as more men are getting into the product and testing and trying it. So we're actually seeing healthy growth in Canada but the percentage is still less than you see in the U.S. except for the underwear. We can never keep that in-stock for the men's.
Christine M. Day: We said that's our midpoint and which we view as achievable in a couple of years. And then after that, with Chris and Sheree done deblining [ph] -- designing what the product line for that is, we do see a large opportunity to do things, like extended outerwear season, that we can't do in our stores, that we can carry product lines a little bit longer. We can bring back the classics. I mean, there's so many things that we can do. Yes, and line extensions that we don't have the opportunity to do because of our size and our stores that  also produce a healthy margin. And we're doing the work now prior to prioritizing those opportunities along with all the other projects we're giving Chris.
Christine M. Day: Every time he goes into John's office, John is taking the target up. So Chris is avoiding John's office now.
Christine M. Day: Way too much that we could ever execute. He's having a great time, really looking what's happening in the world of retail, what are the things that we could look at, everything from fabric to new concepts and he scares me every time he comes by my office with pictures of things he wants to do. And he's got a great little team that works with him that dimensional-izes these opportunities, so he's really working on that 3- to 5- to 10-year innovation pipeline and he's in his great space, which is "What's possible?" And that -- so we don't have to worry about innovation around here.
Christine M. Day: No, I just think that the reality is for us, we feel very in control of our business and the variables that we can manage. So we see the risks and the things that we can't, and I think it's where the potential is in the macro environment is what we'll lead  into but also what we create contingency plans around, so. And we see the U.S. business is really caught up to 2-years' gap  that it had I think in that '08, '09 and we see the ramp accelerating at that catch-up pace. So we feel very good about where we're at and I think it's the unknown that we're left worrying about.
Christine M. Day: I think, just to be specific, we've heard other retailers comment on Canada softness. We didn't see that, but I think it was probably masked a little bit by our inventory position. So we were performing where we expected. But since we've been back in inventory, we've seen the ramp. So I think that's not something we're seeing today. But that's part of what keeps us cautious is that out there, are we just playing catch-up for lack of inventory? I think that will play out over the second quarter.
Christine M. Day: We haven't considered a catalog. I think there's -- we put some things out there like you saw us do in the transition. We actually put a little catalog, a mini-catalog  out on Facebook so people could do a product look. And so you might see us do some things that are online and kind of reinventing what a catalog looks like, but not a traditional mailed, paper catalog. So I don't know that there's any reason for us to do that because we're so active in social media to reach those guests. I think you do see us drive a little bit of more online advertising in Runner's World and the Yoga Journal. But it's more print around our product and not brand -- traditional brand advertising in terms of a commercial aspect. We really, strongly believe in that guest experience, sharing and growing lululemon because it creates the strongest brand loyalty and emotional attachment, so you'll continue to see us stay away from traditional drive-transaction advertising,  at least in the short term, at this stage in growth for our brand.
Christine M. Day: Yes, we have a -- it's a very interesting statistic, and even though we don't have a -- don't actually have a mobile app right now, we have -- Chris, how many of our customers actually use their iPad or phone to buy off the e-Commerce site.
Christine M. Day: Sorry, I was just going to go answer that. Your question really about where do we see other guests shop, I mean, the historically, if they're a runner, they have probably been in the Nike run product and then they try our product and they still probably have a family that they -- of products that they use from Nike. And our goal is to continue to win that guest over with our technical product. We've made some great strides, I believe, in the run short in particular and if you just look at -- if you go to any race now, you'll see a well-represented fraction of lululemon and I think particularly in the men's shirt, you see us gaining a lot of share in that category for men as well as our run-response  short. So we're continuing to refine that technical product and really go after more of that marathon runner. I would say that we've really gotten the light runner and the half-marathon runners, so  continue to refine into that more technical space what's needed. In other categories such as yoga, probably the one thing that we don't have enough of in the lineup for some guests is a more light organic or cotton product. We really find that it's at our  quality standard and length that we want to have the garment last for the guest, that we're not going to be doing the filmy tops and a lot of the other things that guests get that are only going to last a season or shorter. And that's not our space, so we kind of don't look at growing market share there because of our technical product focus and our desire not to be seen as active wear, but true athletic wear. So there are some categories we opt out to which leave some white space for competitors, and that's really where we see a lot of the soft line substitution, is into those spaces.
Christine M. Day: So let me start with our manufacturing base. So our fabrics are really manufactured in just a very small handful of factories, so that we can really control the quality of the fabric. Then the fabric is shipped to several manufacturers. But we have a very small base of manufacturers that we expand with, so -- and so that we can control the quality, we're not usually their beta when they open a new factory. We wait until the sewing capacity is at the level that we can go into, which is why we're a little slower in building our factory base and our capacity than other people, to protect that quality. But while maybe the one factory is in -- one factory owner could own a factory in 4 countries, which is what you see, but it's run by the same general organization that we partner with. And that we do a multiyear capacity-planning  exercise with those factory partners to grow to that future demand in partnership together. And that allows us to ensure that we not only meet the quality but that we have a commitment to helping them grow in a way that's healthy, that meets all of the environmental standards, that meets all the labor standards, the health and safety standards, clean water standards that matter to us as we grow that factory base. So the cut-and-sew  portion could be in different countries, which is what you were seeing on the  groove pant.
Christine M. Day: Yes, as we looked at the inventory assortment and going into Q1, there was less because we buy separately and ship into 2 different DCs. The buy for Canada was a little lighter in the first quarter, so they suffered a little bit more from our inventory shortage than the U.S. market did.
Christine M. Day: Okay, we're with you now. At our rate of growth and our high sales per square footage, it's -- the amount that we've given in a pay increase does increase our payroll, but the rate of growth of sales in those stores more than offset that investment that we've made in paying back our people, which we really believe they're the ones that drive the revenue and should share in the success of the company.
Christine M. Day: At this point in time, it's not a priority for us to be able to do that. We've got some other things that are ahead of that. And I think in order to do that, you also have to be very accurate with your inventory if we try to -- and we don't have any desire to ship from store. Do we see an opportunity to have some kind of handheld or terminal that we could satisfy the demand and ship from home in the stores in the future? That's definitely something that we're considering. And there's a lot to work out from that in terms of compensating store managers and keeping all of that in line that we have to solve. It's not just a technical issue, because we want to make sure we get it in a robust solution that satisfies all the concerns with doing something like that.
Christine M. Day: I think in the first quarter it was definitely the white run shorts, which people felt it was a great crossover,  and the skirt was a great crossover  piece for a lot of things that flew out the door. So we're also finding if we do things in color and print right now, that's also a really big driver of the product.
Christine M. Day: We're definitely doing all the behind-the-scenes work on the business model, evaluating the markets, looking at feature or structure capability that we need. But in the near term, we find every resource that we have really has the opportunity to be deployed to North America and because the opportunity is just so big to continue to drive that business. So we're not in a hurry to get there because there's so much demand in front of us right here. But doing the prudent planning, to be able to turn that on in the right way, which for us is always with a healthy profit objective and not with a loss that you have to clean up later or not doing it well, we're attracting talent that has global experience in a lot of key positions to build our bench to be able to manage that business well. So you'll see us do a lot of behind-the-scene things, but -- and we'll continue to do some wholesale in those markets. You'll start to see us, the e-Commerce in those markets. And eventually, we'll do some showrooms  to test markets, but we're already beginning to develop the tracking capability, develop a pricing strategy. So those are the things that we're looking at right now.
Christine M. Day: Maybe let John take the comp one and then, Sheree, give me some notes on the prints and colors so we'll do that one.
Christine M. Day: And I think we also know that there were some pent-up demand in April that probably peaked April, and I think that's what we're looking at is, what's going to be that normalized rate? And we're still seeing, as the new product line comes in, that kind of starved-guest  effect. But once we get full into stock I expect that to normalize a little bit. And then we do from July forward start to anniversary some pretty steep comps going into like the third quarter.
Christine M. Day: So for prints and colors, I think we haven't had enough of those proportionately in the line in the first quarter and beginning in the second -- beginning of the second quarter. That increase is pretty dramatically in the end of back half of second quarter and the third quarter, fourth quarter. So we feel really good about where we are with that. I think we were a little light, I think, on prints and bright colors for the first quarter and that will something be that we address next year. And accessories, we've had a little bit more of a focused line that sold really well but we've seen the guests missing some breadth. We've got a great team in accessories now and I think you can look forward to us increasing that. On the size curve, we've improved. We don't have this big out-of-stock situation, but on the colored lines and the prints, we still see the 2, 4, 6s go faster and so we're constantly adjusting the amount of mix we have in that. That said, part of our strategy has always been that -- not to ever have enough of some those to keep the scarcity, to also have the guest be able to walk into a class and not be dressed in the same as someone else, which we believe  fairly strongly in. So within the boundaries of that, we do expect those to turn at a faster rate, and -- but we should have something new behind it. And that's what we're working on, is to increase that.
Christine M. Day: In terms of pricing, we didn't actually take any pricing. So what you'll see us do is some special edition hoodies or groove pants or jackets  that might be priced higher than the norm. But we've been pretty selective about maintaining our price points. So we haven't actually taken, like, an official pricing. It's been on the item-by-item basis from adjustments, especially with special editions. And then you had your first question, which is on the new stores, which...
Christine M. Day: We always and you see this in the spring, it's kind of a cover-up piece and kind of from that to-and-fro  yoga collection that's part of our like fun element that we always have in there in the spring. So you see us do that then. But we don't see us driving what's more of what we call kind of a culture or a casual-wear piece as a main category for us. But have an element of fun and surprise and delight, that's why we do things like that, but not as what we see a major growth driver.
Christine M. Day: Yes, and I think that we didn't do spring outerwear this year. Normally we'll do a light jacket, et cetera, but you will see that drop in August for back-to-school. So there'll be not only the traditional that we do for October, the winter, you'll also see a bit of a fall jacket assortment.
Christine M. Day: Yes, we haven't officially planned to open the London showroom yet. We've kind of held back on that, so we're really penetrating more with strategic sales and some trunk shows, et cetera, in that market, which we found is the right strategy for where we're at right now rather than a physical store. But I think we always start with technical products, which is our highest margin product, because that's what we want to seed with the guest first. So in terms of margin impact, it would be a healthier margin because it's in our core technical products.
Christine M. Day: So I apologize that we run out of time and I know there were more people with questions in the queue, so we'll try to handle those off-line in callbacks.  So thank you everybody for joining us today, and we look forward to seeing you out there and we look forward to Q2. Thank you.
John E. Currie: Yes, I mean, the 30 is our target for this year and that includes 25 lululemon stores. I mean that could change one or 2 either direction. Going forward, because of the showroom strategy, because of all the other things we're putting in place, we're setting ourselves up to be capable of more aggressive store expansion. But we don't have a number target for 2012 yet. The number will be whatever the number of markets that are ready for us.
John E. Currie: Yes, for 2012, of course, we haven't placed the buys yet so it's really too early to give much clarity, but there are indications that there is some relief in some of the inflationary pressure that we've seen through 2011.
John E. Currie: The new stores in 2010, and this was  -- I think I mentioned this on the last conference call, and it continues to be true -- that the stores we opened last year are very close. They're all in the U.S. market and they're very close to the overall U.S. average, which is obviously very strong for first-year  performance. They're at the level where we used to expect them to hit in the third year.
John E. Currie: I think the answer for this year is a little bit different that what it's going to be going forward once we're really up to speed and normalized. The shift to get away from a variable-fee  model should easily produce an additional 10 points of margin. You won't see that this year because number one, the transition is partway  through the year but we're still in build mode, so you'll see a little bit of leverage this year but not to the same extent that we expect to see going forward.
John E. Currie: Just in terms of comp, as we've been saying in the last few quarters, the rate of increase in the productivity of the U.S. stores in general is dramatically higher than what we're seeing in Canada, which is what you'd expect. We have a mature business in Canada that is still -- continues to comp positively. And we have momentum in the U.S. that, as Christine says, is seeing the U.S. catching up quickly to Canada.
John E. Currie: Maybe I'll take the first question, just trying to guesstimate what the potential could have been had we been in better inventory position. I think the best way to think about it is just looking at how the sales trended through the quarter. We came into the quarter. February was strong. And as the months progressed and towards the end of February, we sort of hit our low point in the inventory. So as expected, March, the comp was very low, low double digits. And then into April, I guess, first the second week of April, as our inventory position improved again, we saw the comp rebound. I mean, I don't give monthly comps but I think it is important to give the detail. April was around a 20% comp. So I think it's easy enough to say that had there not been in the inventory dip in the middle, 20% could have been achieved for the quarter.
John E. Currie: Yes, as you say, the guidance on the gross margin in the back half is consistent with what I've said in the past. We have placed the buy for the seasonal component of the back half of the year. Of course, there's some additional ongoing flow throughout the year, but yes, it's consistent pretty much with what we've said before.
John E. Currie: No, I mean a lot of it was accrued income tax allotted  the end of the year. It's just normal payrolls -- or payables cycle.
John E. Currie: And just to clarify, the revisions to our in-store compensation were rolled out in April. So they had some impact in Q1, but they're more of an impact Q2 and forward.
John E. Currie: Okay. Yes, as you say, we saw 20% comp in April. April we got a real surge of new inventory in. Our inventory in Q4 -- or in Q2, as we've said, isn't going to be perfect, either in terms of quantity or mix. So I don't want to assume that we'll match that surge that we had with a lot of new product in April. And so we are guiding for higher than what we saw in Q1, but I don't want to get carried away because the inventory flow is still less than optimal.
John E. Currie: Well, and in fact, last year in July, for example, we had some markdowns that drove volume. So we're also lapping against that.
John E. Currie: Yes, and of course, we don't have annualized numbers for the stores that just opened, so we just have a few weeks of average weekly sales. And similar to the store openings last year, they're opening anywhere from 80% to 100% of the average for the U.S. So continued very strong openings of these new stores, again very early days for some of these because they've only been opened a few weeks.
John E. Currie: Okay, well, the first one, the comp, and again this is similar to what we've been seeing, about 3/4  of the comp came from increased traffic and most of the balance came from increased conversion, Very little came from the basket that the guest was buying. In terms of your question on gross margin, not quite sure how much I can say other than what I said on the call. I mean, gross margin in Q1 was extremely high. Of course, a lot of what was driving that was very, very few markdowns. That's not even a healthy markdown level, as we're back to normal inventory levels. You'll just naturally see some more normalized markdowns and that will bring gross margin down. The balance of the year, we'll continue to incur air freight because we are still working hard to stay in an inventory position and that's higher than what you'd see in, if you could call anything a normal year. And the main thing offsetting those -- sorry and of course, in addition I talked about inflationary pressure on sourcing labor and materials. And then, offsetting that primarily is leverage on higher volumes on occupancy, depreciation and other fixed costs.
