Christine Day: Thanks, John. I would just like to thank again everyone on the team that produced such outstanding results for the year and set us up so well for 2012. I feel that we're better poised to execute than we ever have been before with the work that we've done on our supply chain, the innovation, our planning and merchandising teams and how they're driving product to the stores, our logistics teams, which have really built a tremendous amount of capacity to get our product to our customers on the e-Commerce side.  So I really feel starting 2012, we have more capacity to execute our plan and our future than we've ever had before and we're tremendously excited. So with that, we're going to turn it over to Q&A. 
Christine Day: I think we feel that the North American market is getting stronger for us every day, and we see more opportunity there every year than we've seen the year before. So I think buildout, we're confident with our store count number. And as far as the markets, I think the things that we're testing right now, is it better to put another store in a dense outer ring of a dense market or is it better to go into the small market? The unit economics are different. But what we've been able to see in some of the smaller markets we've gone into is very strong revenue, lower operating costs for a really strong presence. I think our question about store count isn't maybe unit economics. It's about what's that right level of brand presence and what's that right balance between e-Commerce and what's emerging there and the full potential of that business. So frankly, that's more what we're monitoring is what's the right way to drive the business to reach the guests. And the beauty is both of those channels for us are high-margin businesses. And that's really our focus is to keep the brand strong and not overbuild and create too much fixed cost while creating demand and strong unit economics. And we -- that's what we remain focused on doing. 
Christine Day: Okay. So what happens in our innovation cycle is the first introduction on the small run might be lower, but then as we take those products and move them into some of our seasonal and key items and we do larger production runs of them, of course, you get more leverage. But more importantly, what happens with those products is those innovations go into -- elements of those innovations go into other key and then ultimately core items, which is kind of like the Apple philosophy of constantly reinventing your core item. So we take pieces of those and reinvent our core, which keeps our core at a high margin and healthy. So what we're doing is a complete product management cycle and really continuing to invest at every level so that we keep our product differentiated. So this is a very important cycle. We've always talked about this is the reason why we want to keep some margin flexibility because winning for the long term is what creates the value for the brand and keeping our products at premium level. And we don't want to compete on price with average product, right? That's not where we're going, and our whole cycle is designed to do that. Regarding Men's, the sales achieved 14% currently, that's up from 12%. So we've seen strong uptick on Men's, really on what we consider still a fairly premium line but really having refocused on the basics. We've got a great merchant designer that now leads the Men's pods. We are so excited about some of the product that he's got coming out. So I'll let Sheree talk maybe about when she sees the SKU counts increasing for Men's. 
Christine Day: No. And I think on the Men's SKUs, those would be increasing in count pretty much coming into the third quarter and then the fall season. 
Christine Day: Yes. And I think probably what's bringing your numbers down a little bit, Stacy, is ivviva openings and Australia openings. So just remember, there's more than just lululemon openings in that number now. 
Christine Day: Right, so Men's. Who's the customer for Men's? We see that customer broadening tremendously. I think we used to hit a slightly younger male, which I would say -- when I say that, it's up to 35-year-old and that's the target who we see driving the brand. But we see that broadening very much across a much larger base to both younger and slightly older men. So it's the same fitness enthusiast that we see, lululemon people who work on a regular basis, who appreciate the same high functionality when they work out and crossing over into street appeal. And they really appreciate the anti-stink properties of the nylon and the Silverescent that we have versus polyester, which tends to attract and hold smell. So it's both in functionality and look of the garment is who we're appealing to. And we're really seeing people not be as sensitive to it being a women's brand. They're seeing it as a premium male's choice. So we see one guy wear it to the gym, another guy says, "I think I'll get some of that." They get it, they love it and the cycle begins. So we see more men shopping for themselves in our store every day and coming back repeatedly. And they get a favorite of something and we see them buy in bulk, which is a little different behavior than you see from our female customers. So we definitely see that we've got huge adoption rates from the product once they try it. And we see the consumer band growing and expanding. 
Christine Day: We haven't made any decisions yet whether or not we'd go to any additional showrooms in other countries. But we do definitely have some markets that we're really trending and watching. And Germany is a very attractive market for us; it allows us to have all of the layering properties that we have, like in the Canadian market, the guest is very athletic there. There's a huge yoga community in Germany so that's one of the key markets. And that halo effect of Germany goes into Switzerland and Amsterdam and the North. But what's easier for us to gauge is where we see international shopping from our e-Commerce site, which right now is based out of the U.S. and those sales come into there. And there are -- we watch the markets and top markets that we see e-Commerce sales coming from. And there are tourist stores, where we do see seasonally people come in. We see that, obviously, in our Hawaiian store. We see that at Whistler. We see that in New York City. And we do pay attention. But it's -- we don't have a tracking system, where do we see that. People coming from, but anecdotally, we do know that we're growing demand in Latin America. We're growing demand particularly from France. Huge demand still in Japan, Hong Kong. And we see it spreading across Asia now. We see a lot of tourists in our Hong Kong showrooms that are coming in from all across Southeast Asia and buying in bulk. So we are very excited to get a store -- a showroom and then ultimately a store opened in that market to begin to see where we're generating that demand, and then we follow it with e-Commerce. 
Christine Day: Great. Omar, I don't want to give away all of our secrets. So I'm probably not going to answer your question to as much as you'd like me to. But I will tell you that we have a very disciplined method of how -- and it's a very integrated market development strategy that looks at a lot of different factors, including our internal readiness with employees. We look at things like showrooms, we look at the e-Commerce sales. And then there's a few other things that we really look at to make sure that we have market readiness and we always look at it as creating desire first, whether it's domestically or internationally. And a key part of that is building our ambassador network. And that's what we're really focused on because it's about building long-term brand loyalty. And the way that a guest is introduced to the brand, regardless of whether it's the first time in a market or not, creates a long-term relationship. And that's what we're after. So internationally, we've been working in these markets for 2 to 3 years. As I've said over time, planting the seeds, building the relationships, attending things like Yoga Journal Conferences. So we create a brand awareness and we're the brand they're waiting for. And we're doing a lot of things behind the scenes here structurally to get ready. Where I don't want to be and where I've seen a lot of growth stories go bad is where you rush into these markets. You don't have the infrastructure ready. You leverage up to your fixed cost. And the next thing you know, you're having to make difficult choices about investing in your core business, whether it's renovations of stores, keeping things fresh, product margins, how you pay your people and ultimately destroy your brand. So we're very disciplined, and we do have a lot of metrics about how we go about entering markets. And the same thing is true of our renovation and renewal strategy. We're working 2, 3 years ahead of time to secure renewals on key stores to plan relocations, and finally, in store size. We feel it's very important to the brand to have what we refer to as a kitchen party or a high-energy feel inside of our stores. And so that means a smaller footprint. We want to use our labor on the floor to educate the guest, not to cover a big footprint. And we have been very adept at flowing product and improving our operations. You just have to look at a few of our Canadian stores. And the volume that we do out of what's basically 3,500, 3,300 square feet and frankly sometimes even 2,500 square feet, gives us great confidence. And we look at those stores and what we figured out for flow and we do have a renewal strategy and you've seen us execute it in Canada, which is why we had so many stores closed in Q3, where we will take an extra 300 square feet. Or maybe sometimes if the store is only 2,500 square feet, we'll take as much as 1,000 square feet. And that allows us to drive continued comps in the Canadian markets, as well as then flow all of the new goods that we have. But we feel very strongly that we don't want, even in a future concept as we develop these pods and these lines, to have stores that are bigger than 4,000, maybe slightly more. But we're doing that work now and planning for that eventual future. But over the next 3 to 5 years in North America, we've got plenty of room to grow our business without doing huge relocations or taking massive [indiscernible] of stores. 
Christine Day: So I think the main thing that we're working on right now is really 2 fronts, and it will be ultimately 3 in the short term. Buckets of SG&A, in systems, the number one is our supply-chain systems. And part of that is also the flow to the stores and localized store planning to have a much better flow of localized products per store. And so it's that bottoms-up planning from the store that allows us to fine-tune planning and allocation and get those right mix of products and differentiate each store a little bit more. So for instance, more colors and prints in Florida and more coats and layering systems in Halifax, right. So that's our model. And so the planning systems to do that to continue to grow comps are critical. And that's what we're working on, as well as capacity and flowback to our manufacturers to really control our cost of goods, who has what manufacturing capacity so that we can increase our chase and our flexibility. So the systems that allow us to do that are the first 2 priorities. We also have to work on our e-Commerce. So you're seeing us right now doing the work on the localized pages. And so the infrastructure for that, the systems, we're opening a new IT center to support that in San Francisco because that allows us to gain the talent. What we've noticed already, because the office lease is signed, we're in the hiring process, we have 10 high-qualified applicants rather than 2 that took -- and taking us 6 months to close some of those IT positions. So that's why you're seeing us gain some traction in the spend that we're doing because we're finally being able to hire the right people to drive our e-Commerce business. So that's also critical growth drivers. So the returns show up in our comps pretty quickly. But we still got a lot of -- once we get those systems up and running, but the investment period and the working period to implement those is 18 to 24 months for even just the first phases. And because flow is so critical to us, you'll see us continue to make investments there. Other investments are in our financial system to be able to take on complexity of additional channels, product lines and geography. And so those are a couple of year investments. As we said earlier in the call, we do view 2012 as a heavy investment. We're also building our bench strength, particularly in the design and the merchandise areas to allow us to again do that localized store strategy. And the comp drivers, we've spoken to some of those already, newness, flow. The big difference we see coming into this year is our ability to smooth out the flow on a weekly delivery of the product, which is giving us a much more consistent comp cadence than we've had in the past. And because we've improved our internal processes, our factories are able to be more responsive in partnership with us, so we're not -- towards the back half of the year, we won't have to carry as much inventory because our flow will be improved. So comp drivers are mainly newness, that innovation that we've talked about and just growing brand awareness and traffic in so many of our North America stores, a tremendous amount of our comp still comes from traffic. 
Christine Day: We were really pleased to calculate Q4 and actually see that our net income margin was 19%, which is pretty close to our -- about 18 months ago, operating margin target of 20%. So I'll let John talk about where he thinks the target... 
Christine Day: I think if you just look at the timing for the year, last year, we had great opportunity -- year-over-year, we have great opportunity into Q1 to anniversary that. But now we're going to be up against a 26% comp in Q4. So we definitely expect it to normalize over the back half of the year. And just the complexion of comp, it's still being driven by very little pricing increase. Pricing increase comes from adding higher-value items, especially the seasonal and the new items that we're putting through. But a large part of it is traffic, and then a little bit in mix and ticket. But the biggest driver is still traffic. 
Christine Day: We do expect it to be a little bit more in the 30s for a short period of time. And so you'll start to see us do more internationally. And then that would probably drive the number back up, but that probably won't be in 2012. So for 2012, that's the mid-30s as we kind of open, close. We are putting some in some more secondary markets, so you'll see some flurries of a couple-up. But on the whole, it will stay pretty constant to the mid-30s. 
Christine Day: We actually have a team that forecasts fabric now, which is like, as we talked about some of our SG&A investments, that we made investments in a new head of raw materials. We've made investments in the sourcing team, production team. We've brought on some additional factory capacity. So the main part is the partnership with the mills that we work with and working with them with innovation. And we've also frankly held bigger inventories of fabric, which has then allowed us to have more choice and responsiveness. 
Christine Day: Yes. I mean, I don't feel constrained by our box. I mean, if our average unit is $2,000 a square foot, we can flow a lot of through that store. So I'm not worried about our upside growth because our number one lever that we've talked about is still driving comps in existing stores. So as our U.S. store base matures, I mean, the comp growth that we produced out of Canada in Q4 was a big driver of the upside. So they're still in the low teens. So we're not, I feel, constrained by our store size to grow. The mix of e-Commerce, we're watching the consumer behaviors of like the 26, the 27-year-olds and watching what they're doing, how are they on mobile devices, et cetera, because we recognize the game is changing. And what's happening in tertiary markets with real estate and where do you have viable centers, so the whole landscape of real estate is changing as consumer behaviors change. And what we want to be is really flexible and well-poised to deal with how that consumer behavior is changing by watching, monitoring it and developing a really solid e-Commerce site. That's why we do 5-year leases, it gives us a lot of flexibility. So our goal is to be well-positioned and flexible and ahead of that game. And we feel that we are. 
Christine Day: I think what you see us doing this quarter is the perfect response to what we see occurring. I mean, I think if we started to settle and develop mediocre product and over-rely on our core or [indiscernible] product and try to gain efficiencies with big bulk buys, we'd allow competitive pressure to occur. And ultimately, we'd be competing on price. So we have clearly stated what our 4 brand pillars are and we make investments in those, which is obviously the community, the technical products, keeping our stores fresh and our people. And I think our guest experience is pretty unparalleled in the retail world, and that is a big part of our success. So it's managing those points of differentiation, continuing to deepen the competitive moats and staying on top of our product. And the 55% gross margin in product is nothing to apologize for across the retail apparel world. So I think we have a great opportunity with the rate of innovation we're doing. And we still have a lot of efficiencies to get in the supply chain. So I'm not worried about continuing to deliver a north of 25% operating margin, even as it's a more competitive environment, as long as we do the things we need to do to keep the guest excited about our product and our guest experience. 
Christine Day: Really, what we saw, if you remember last year, the cadence was under-inventoried, we chased. But when you're chasing, what you buy is what you can get available capacity factors from your manufacturers and you don't necessarily have choice in fabrics, you don't have -- so we kind of -- we felt – means you were limited guest availability. And we felt that, that slowed the Canadian business, maybe more than we anticipated. And so what we really saw in Q4 was as we really set up and grow great product innovation, great color and assortment, the rebound in the Canadian business for us, going from a mid-single-digit comp to a low double-digit comp, shows that the guests was just hungry for great product. And that's what's also fueling our U.S. business. And we believe that the pods will continue to allow us to do that same thing both in Canada and in the U.S. And we have rationalized some SKUs. And the pant wall and being a little bit tighter about that, but the guest expects us to innovate as well. We are really clear about what core product is, and making sure that we are constantly reinventing that and keeping it fresh for the guests. So we feel really good about the product line assortment. You do see more flow of newness into the stores, but at the same time, real focus on that core business. So I think we've got the balance right, right now. We feel really good about our product assortment. And a good sign is always when everybody in the office rushes up to the store on the product drop delivery days to grab the new stuff. And we see that a lot around the office these days, so we're pretty excited. 
Christine Day: Yes. Okay. I was thinking, "Wow, I don't remember those. Do we have fakes going out in those?" We have had an extremely strong reaction from guests in the Midwest and a really strong product adoption. And frankly, we were a little surprised about that in the beginning. So those showrooms, as John talked about, in Q4, we saw increased showroom sales across all the markets, which contributed to our success. So initial read in all of those markets has been very favorable. 
Christine Day: Okay. Yes. I mean, so very early in the induction. They had -- they exceeded our internal target for the fourth quarter and a strong upswing in the U.S. But we're still in the very early stages of building brand awareness. And for us, keeping it small, growing it at the right rate, really honing it to the customer, getting it right is -- continues just to be our focus there. We have so much opportunity in North America that we want to make sure we're not distracted. We give things time in the new concepts and these tests that we're doing in product, time to perc so we have the levers to pull when we want to pull a stronger growth trajectory. But we're not in a hurry. I want to be really clear about that, too. 
Christine Day: Okay. I want to thank everybody for joining us today, and we're -- as I stated earlier, I'm very excited about 2012 and the opportunity we see in front of us. The infrastructure that we've built, the people that we've added, the depth and breadth of the team, I feel more confident coming into 2012 than I think I have at any point in the company about our team's capacity to deliver. And I'm so excited about our opportunity to drive the women's athletic, technical and beautiful product category, which we believe that we're leading today. Thank you, everyone. 
John Currie: Okay. Well, as I said in my prepared comments, the revenue dollar amount is up 81%, but in terms of units, it's in the 50s. The difference in part because of cost inflation in our product cost, as well as different mix of products, product with higher fit and finish. So relative to last year or looking at going forward, it does definitely support the low 20s comp that I guided to. And we're feeling that as we did coming into Q4, we're in a good, balanced inventory position, not too heavy, not too light. 
John Currie: I don't anticipate it will be. I anticipate the product costs will remain fairly level through the year. Again, we're not as cotton-dependent as a lot of retailers who suffered more from the spike last year and therefore, they see relief this year. A lot more of our products are really oil-based. So I don't see that abating in the second half. I see the cost levels at this point probably fairly level through the year. 
John Currie: Okay. And then on the margin side, warehouse sales, the gross margin is probably roughly around a 30% level. So obviously, it has a negative impact on the overall gross margin. And don't forget the outlets in Q4 and through 2012 will also have product, whereas last year, they were -- the shelves were pretty bare because we don't make product specifically for the outlets. Gross margin for the year, I mean, there's lots of up and downs. There's currency, there's duty impact. The 2 big things, and we've talked about them, are inflation on the cost side, which took place mostly in 2011. So if you look at 2012, the first half, we're still anniversary-ing slightly lower inflation impact. And as we look back at last year, I think there was about 150 basis points impact in the first half and 250 in the second half. So if we go with the assumption that costs are level this year, there's still 100 basis points of deleverage in the first half and flat in the second half. The other one being markdowns. You saw some impact of markdowns, which is healthy in Q4. Remember, Q1 through 3 last year, we were so short on product that markdowns were just minimal. So that will continue to be an impact on our gross margin this year. Those are the big pieces. 
John Currie: Then Janet, in terms of your question on inventory increase year-over-year, by the time we get to Q4 of this year, you should see the inventory increase in line with sales because we were in a good inventory position in Q4. But prior to that, as you recall, we were under-inventoried. So you should see in Q2 and Q3 inventory increases year-over-year higher than the sales increase. But the most extreme example is this coming into Q1. 
John Currie: I don't see your numbers, but I mean, new stores -- I mean, we're thrilled with the way the new stores have been opening. The new store openings through 2011 as I look at – how's the best way to say it, if I look at the U.S. store base because that's where all the new stores are, on average, the new stores are opening somewhere in the 80% of the overall portfolio range. And we're pretty thrilled with that. 
John Currie: I don't have the dates in front of me. I think they are posted on our website. I hate to punt on it, but you can see the exact dates if you go to the website. 
John Currie: Just before we leave, I want to go back to the new store question. Because as I look at the quarter, we only opened 2 lululemon stores in the U.S. in the quarter. So the others, 4 in Australia, one in New Zealand, those are lower productivity stores at this point, as well as 2 ivviva. So if you're getting a lower new store productivity number, it's because it was just the 2 main brands, lululemon stores in the quarter. 
John Currie: Again, I've been saying for a long time, since I upped our operating margin target from that 20% that a margin profile of 55% gross margin and 25% operating margin, while we're in a heavy investment and growth stage of the company's evolution, is still valid and there's no change to that. 
John Currie: Let me start with the comp through the quarter, not that we give monthly or weekly guidance. But if you remember last year, we started the year inventory constrained, became more inventory constrained. And March was probably the low point. And then we got somewhat back in stock as April progressed. So our comp guidance and the tempo of it through the quarter is really looking at last year because the big driver this quarter is just availability of inventory and stock. 
John Currie: And the question on ivviva e-Commerce, I mean, it's doing fine, but it's not material to the overall number. 
