Meghan Frank: Thanks, Alex. We've got about 150 stores co-located. Our plans this year have ticked up slightly to 25 to 30 co-located remodels, up from 25. These are stores where we have very high traffic and sales productivity and see an opportunity to capitalize on that traffic and drive incremental volume. We tend to look over a 2- to 3-year time horizon in terms of maturation of store, and we will see a slightly lower sales productivity from those boxes, but very strong returns and healthy sales per square foot. And so pleased overall with that strategy. And you'll continue to see more of that from us. We are much further along on that in North America, and that strategy is still largely in front of us in our international business. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. Rick, so in terms of Q4 guidance, we're guiding at 13% to 14% growth. As Calvin mentioned, very pleased with the Thanksgiving weekend, still have about 2/3 of the quarter in front of us, so being prudent in our planning there. We haven't broken down specifics, but what I'd share is very strong continued double-digit growth in international and then on North America, high single digits. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. Thanks, Lorraine. Yes, I would say coming off of a strong Q3 performance, we did experience some very strong performance during our Cyber Five period. We are mindful of the macroeconomic environment as we move into the balance of Q4 and still with 2/3 of the quarter in front of us, being mindful of the pressures out there and contemplating that and how we are guiding. We are also planning the business for multiple scenarios to be able to capitalize on any potential upside. 
Meghan Frank: Brooke, in terms of guest metrics, we're still seeing growth in both spend from new and existing guests. So still really pleased, I would say, overall, and just looking out over Q4, again, 2/3 of the quarter in front of us, so planning the business prudently. But I would say, overall, really pleased with what we're seeing in terms of guest behavior. 
Meghan Frank: And then in terms of operating margin expansion, so we're up 70 basis points -- our guide of 70 basis points above 2022 on an annual basis. So we're really pleased with our performance this year, which is above our target. We remain committed to our target. We still see opportunities with scale of business and efficiencies in our cost structure, e-com penetration is a benefit to us. And then air freight that we've largely recovered the air freight spend. We still have about 20 basis points above 2019 levels. So obviously, we'll share more on '24 as we close out the year, but still remain comfortable with our long-term posture there. 
Meghan Frank: And then in terms of margin and markdowns, yes, you're correct. It was those peak Christmas week where we started to see guest behavior gravitate towards -- more towards markdown sales and more towards the more highly discounted goods that we're offering with similar in penetration to 2019. We were comparing to Q4 of 2021, which was a low point in terms of markdown rate. So in the end, Q4 was just slightly above 2019. At this point in time, just given we've got about 2/3 of the quarter in front of us, we are guiding to 90 to 120 basis points of gross margin expansion and markdowns essentially in line with last year as part of that, being mindful of the proportion of the quarter that's still ahead. 
Meghan Frank: And then in terms of inventory management, so we ended the quarter down 4% in inventory, and it was lower than our expectation of high single to low double-digit increase. That was driven by higher sales, the studio inventory write-off, some timing on receipts as well as FX. Important to keep in mind, we still have opportunity in our inventory turns relative to 2019. That is our goal over the longer term. And then looking at our inventory CAGR relative to 2019 versus our sales, we're relatively in line at the end of the quarter.  Our expectation at the end of Q4 will be inventory balance flat to slightly down on a cost basis and then flat to slightly up on a unit basis, again, still opportunity from [indiscernible] perspective, and we feel pleased with the level and currency of the inventory, both at the end of Q3 and then at the end of Q4 as well. 
Meghan Frank: Paul, so in terms of KPIs in stores and e-com, we saw similar to the start of the year, very strong traffic performance, so up 20% plus in both channels. With that traffic, we're still pleased with the absolute conversion but seeing a little bit of a comp decrease in terms of conversion and then relatively stable basket size. We haven't shared any specifics. Obviously, we'll do that at the end of the quarter in terms of store growth for '24, but we remain committed overall to our store growth target in the low double digits. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks. So right at this point in time, we're guiding to 13% to 14% for Q4. I'm just being mindful of the proportion of the quarter that's in front of us. We were really pleased with our Q3 performance in North America despite some macro challenges in North American market, still picking up share, still growing at 12%, so in line with Power of Three x2 target. We remain committed to that, I would say, for the year and as we move forward and managing from a portfolio approach perspective, any near-term pressures, but I think appropriate and prudent, given where we are in the quarter at this point. 
Calvin McDonald: The only one I'd add, Brooke, relative to when we look at the overall market is, as I mentioned, in the men's business. And that is our business internationally remains very strong, our growth well above industry average and putting on share in North America. But when we look at the macro category within North America, we do see that he is spending less in apparel in general. We continue to put on market share. But if I was to point to just one trend that we're observing and monitoring, it is that guest behavior that we're seeing in a macro condition. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Matt. I'll talk about sort of just the trends through the quarter and then share gains, and then I'll let Meghan pick up the other part of it. I think you snuck in 5 or 6 questions there, but let's take our time.  We have a little bit of -- we have some time here, Matt. But on the quarter, we dropped some new innovation to begin in August, and had some targeted campaigns, both digitally, some activations around back-to-school and the guests, both in our female and male guests responding incredibly well to that and the newness. I would say that momentum moderated a little bit in September and then accelerated again in October when once again, some newness and innovation was dropped with Wundermost. We activated with our men's campaign around the ABC franchise targeted for top-of-funnel guest acquisition. So it definitely sort of progressed through the quarter like that healthy across but with the peak sort of being in August and October and driven by either newness and our campaign to activate and go after unaided awareness.  When I think of share next year, our plans are still very much reflective of the being early innings across our business. We do expect to see our men's business continue to be strong and put on share at unaided awareness below 25%. It's 13%, in fact, in North America. We're going to continue to put on share across all of our categories and playing to our strengths in bottoms and some of our core franchises and the new franchises like Soft Jersey and Steady State, which is really resonating. We're chasing into that inventory, and we're seeing both our existing guests and new guests come in through that franchise. And then with women's and accessories, similar story. We have a lot of runway and opportunity in our bottoms business as well as tops and accessories. So there's not a specific category that we think will drive share but a very balanced approach and performance as we've experienced and really pointed to the fact that we're in early innings of growth across all of those categories in both genders. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Adrienne. In terms of our international growth and the markets that -- regions that will contribute to the quadruple, it really is balanced across all. Clearly, China has emerged as the significant region outside of North America. But every market we're in within APAC and within EMEA is growing double digit, contributing to growth and has single-digit unaided brand awareness. So I believe every market will continue to contribute next year. We are leaning in on certain markets, continue to lean on China to accelerate that growth potential.  As you know, we've opened up some markets in EMEA. We'll continue to invest behind those. As Meghan mentioned, see co-located opportunities in some of our key markets as we go back and reinvest and open stores, the ones we've done that in, be it [indiscernible] performed incredibly well. We see some opportunities in London to bring that co-located strategy to some of our proven doors there. We're seeing success both locally and with tourism and then in the APAC market.  We've opened up Thailand, but all of our key markets. Australia is an interesting one where a few years ago, we prioritized and leaned in with an optimization strategy and seeing significant benefits and gains from that and what had been our most mature international market. We've opened up a new DC that allowed us to service better, service the stores. We've optimized a number of our doors there. They're performing incredibly well and very pleased. So it really shows our ability to keep growing in our most mature but still very underdeveloped. And growth is coming from every market we're in, in the double digit, and we'll continue '24 and beyond and contribute to that quadrupling. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Abbie. I'll take the first part. We did pull some volume forward on Black Friday, making it available in early access to our central members. It was an initiative to have a membership of reward benefit. Exciting behind that was we saw a significant increase in app downloads, which was the way in which members needed to be able to access that and obviously did that at no incremental cost. So I think over 250,000 app downloads into that membership base. So it was a benefit of reward. We pulled some volume forward, which allowed our infrastructure and DCs to manage very well through the weekend.  But in terms of other than that initiative, you would have seen on our sites, the similar language, not calling out sale. You would have seen in our stores, no signage, traditional merchandising, full price product at the front of the store. I thought the stores look fantastic. The Winter Whites and the newness in the product really punched through, and we saw some very nice balance sales, as I alluded to, in terms of regular price and our markdown. And markdowns were at the back traditionally done, really didn't deploy anything more and happy with how the guests responded to both options and through the entire Cyber Five weekend. 
Calvin McDonald: The stores in China continue to exceed [indiscernible] as we open. So we're pleased with both the new stores we're opening. They are beating pro forma, both on a total revenue perspective, obviously, on a dollar per square foot, and that's across Tier 1, Tier 2, Tier 3 cities, which we continue to test into. We went back and optimized and continue to see opportunity, as Meghan alluded to, predominantly in Shanghai and Beijing to go back in and start optimizing and collating some of our locations.  We did our Kerry Center store in Shanghai, and the results have been very, very strong. So we know that our business there is growing. And in a lot of these locations, we've hit that productivity level where it's time to go back and invest and expand the assortment and continue to drive the overall results in those stores. But the openings of these new stores continue to sort of exceed and beat plan, which is very encouraging and excited to see the ability to go back and optimize some of the locations. 
Calvin McDonald: And I'll just chat a little bit about the competitiveness and the guest behavior. We have not seen a dramatic shift as it relates to our product and our assortment. I've mentioned the men's behavior from a macro perspective within the category within North America. But within our assortment, our guests, we continue to see very healthy full price, continue to see very healthy reaction to newness and innovation. I think those are both very positive signs that indicate if the guest is trading down to value, they are equally trading up or holding onto purchases that I think play to the strength of our product, which is versatility, quality and innovation.  When you purchase our product, you get multiple wear occasions, multiple uses out of it. That's the versatility and the quality and the innovation behind it and still is resonating. And he and she is still responding very well to the newness that we drop, be it the new franchises in men's, which we're chasing into far exceeded our expectations, launch of new initiatives like Wundermost or just how we are assembling and bringing product of our core, be it through our Winter Whites or other initiatives, responding very well. So encouraged, we'll continue to monitor and be agile, but not seeing a behavioral shift within our assortment mix with our guests. 
Calvin McDonald: All right. Thanks, Dana. In terms of market share gains, by the very nature of where we are in our product innovation and creation and unneeded awareness, we really do continue to grow across both men's and women's across all categories in all markets, including North America and especially internationally. Now market share data internationally in certain markets, it's harder to get than in North America, but our growth when we compare it to other peers that report, we know is definitely above and therefore, putting on both through our guest acquisition market share gains.  So feel very encouraged by that continuation, the balanced nature of we're growing market share. A couple of call-outs. I don't see any shift in change within men's and women's and the core strengths that the brand has, be it bottoms and in our performance activities. And there are a lot of categories, as you mentioned, where we have below market share when I compare some of those strengths to us. Accessories is one good example. It's a $110 billion global category. We have less than 1% share. And what we're proving and continuing to see through newness and innovation is it's more than just the Everywhere Belt Bag. That is a core item that is resonated, has and continues to perform incredibly well for us. But we're building out a very solid bag business with a lot of opportunity of growth moving forward.  And we think other players have 2% to 3% in that category. So we see that as being a nice contributor and driver of growth. And our other categories, be it lounge. And you mentioned outerwear, we have a very sizable outerwear business as we look across all, not just cold weather, but activity based, rain. We don't report the category specifically, but if we were to, we are a significant player in outerwear and see a lot of opportunity to continue to develop into those across the performance needs of our guests, rain as an opportunity and then building upon our growing credibility and success in cold weather with the Wunder Puff, which we're seeing very good success internationally, in China in particular right now. I'm very pleased how we're set up in North America with success. And obviously, climate has been slightly different, but we're not pointing to that and we're excited where we see opportunity to grow that business. So outerwear will be another key growth driver for us [indiscernible] but look to the core to continue to grow, continue to put our market share.  Operator, We'll take one more question. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Jay. In terms of competitiveness in the marketplace, what I saw was a lot of discounting. I saw a lot of discounting early. I saw deeper discounts. And I saw some early and young players in this space discount consistently in days, weeks leading into and over the Cyber Five weekend. That's what I observed. We didn't change our approach or strategy, as I mentioned. We didn't use sale language. We led with an early access, which had great value in the downloads of the app, which we know delivers a much greater value with our guests.  We're excited to be able to use a benefit to drive that strategy within our essential membership base. And we continue to sell and see very good regular price sales. So I definitely saw a more dynamic promotionally driven environment by some of our peers, by some of the new entries into this category. We didn't deviate. We didn't change. And our results I talked to, I was very pleased with and indicated we didn't need to. Guest still responds to innovative products and that's what our pipeline is full.  It's what we continue to deliver, and we'll continue to drive our growth into the oncoming quarters and through our Power of Three x2 strategy. And then relative to footwear, we're early and we're pleased where we are in our footwear journey. It's a small category for us, especially in our Power of Three x2 growth plan in terms of the role that it plays in our growth targets. I'm glad we're in footwear. I'm excited with what we're learning and how we're seeing and some of the early successes as we continue to test and learn.  We updated Blissfeel and Chargefeel this year. We continue to see success with our Restfeel across both men's and women's. We're trying an [indiscernible] on Restfeel in additional locations, seeing great response this holiday period. So we continue to be excited about footwear and the newness that the team has in the category that we'll be bringing forward and our current plans are to launch men's in quarter 1 of 2024. We'll continue to test and learn. But we're seeing enough positive signals in response from the guests that we have an opportunity in this category, and we're going to take a long-term view and build it, but excited about what we're seeing so far. 
