Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Matthew. Well, I think it -- as you know, and you've heard me say before, we're in early innings of growth, and we continue to experience balanced growth across all of our levers, gender, activity, category, channel and markets. And Q1 was no different. And it plays to our product innovation, plays to where we are in the opportunity and penetration across all of those levers and how we still have room to grow women's while we're working to double our men's business, similar in our physical retail store footprint as we double digital and internationally with our momentum and growth in North America.   So it's the narrative that we've been sharing and working towards continues to play out. And as we look forward to future quarters into the future years and doubling our business, it's where we gain the confidence in our ability, knowing what we can continue to create and see that balance across all levers inside the organization. And when I do look forward in the product pipeline, I feel very good that we continue to bring innovation into our own categories of run, train and yoga. We saw a lot of success.   We just launched SenseKnit, as you might have seen in the last few days, which is a wonderful new innovation and fabric to help further our strength and run. And the launch of our play activities in the last quarter with the golf and tennis, one, achieved the goal of driving credibility in those activities as well as lifting the core. So I'm very excited about how product is resonating in the pipeline for new innovation and have a lot of confidence that we'll continue to see those growth opportunities as we move forward. 
Calvin McDonald: Alex, it's Calvin. In terms of the question on health of guest and how we're seeing their spending behavior, I think I got part of my answer out, so I'm going to take it from the beginning. We feel very good about the health of our guests. New guest acquisition has been very strong, current guest spending has been strong, both contributing to the momentum and the growth of the company. We shared with you our traffic numbers, both in-store and online, very healthy.  Again, another good indicator of a very engaged guest. We did not experience any real benefit from the stimulus checks last year. And hence, we did not see any material impact as we cycled over that earlier this spring. So as we look forward, we continue to monitor the macroeconomic conditions, but Q1, beginning Q2, see very healthy guest metrics and remain optimistic how our guest is engaging in this category, the versatility of this product and where it prioritizes in their spend and their needs for every day. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Brooke. I think the most important factor is core to our product assortment is versatile performance apparel where, although used at times for versatility around the house, our gear is designed for activity-based use. And that we saw an uptick through the pandemic. It has continued as that behavior of activity, outdoor sweats, lifestyle has continued. So that is the essence of the brand and what drives our innovation through our key categories of yoga, run and train as well as our play activities. And that continues as strong now as it was through the pandemic.  And with the innovation we have in the pipeline and what I shared and what we've seen through Q1 into Q2, we feel very confident in our ability to continue to grow the assortments in our sales as a result of that. In men's, we have a very strong OTM business, which starts to factor into that lifestyle between to and from the studio. And we're excited about the opportunity to grow that within our women's assortment.  But we're seeing strong performance in those categories as well as they do play to trends that have happened in general of how people are choosing versatile functional apparel for every day. But I think the core is we are a performance-based athletic brand. We are supporting our guests in their sweat activities and that is driving the momentum and growth of the business during the pandemic and post and continues to be the biggest fuel of our momentum. 
Calvin McDonald: And on our online performance, I think it's a number of factors. As you said, the growth continues to be very strong, cycling over some very large numbers. I'll start by just talking about our store performance and the productivity in our stores were above 2019 levels. So the benefit is the success in e-commerce is incremental and not coming at the expense of our store productivity numbers. And we are seeing our stores perform back to and above where they were in 2019 as guests continue to come in. And as I mentioned, traffic in both stores and online were very healthy and continue to be very strong moving forward.  Specifically online, I think there are a couple of factors. One, as you know, we pulled forward some investments. That was a combination of foundational as well as guest experience initiatives, both in how we merchandise some of our shops. The team has done a lot of good work around just basic efficiency, on checkout efficiency, reducing friction, a lot of the guest-facing initiatives like the online concierge and educator.  And it boils down to also product. We saw a very strong engagement on our footwear category through our online channel. Newness around golf and tennis traditionally performs very well in the channel. And we've spent a lot of time in building an omni guest relationship. And I think they are shopping both store and online and when online, they're really diving into the newness early, quickly to ensure they secure it, yet still engaging in our store channel.  So it's a combination of a lot of initiatives that we've been building, the team has been utilizing and product is definitely the primary or one of the key drivers of it. But it's boiling down to that behavior and that omni-guest relationship that we've been nurturing and building for the last few years. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Adrienne. A couple of things, and I'll start with footwear and then I'll move into some of the play capsules that we launched. With footwear, as we've shared, it's a test-and-learn category for us. We're excited about it. We think it's an exciting opportunity for the brand moving forward, and we're going to take a test-and-learn approach, which meant we sort of went in knowing that demand would be in excess of supply and it far exceeded our expectations.  And we definitely had a lot more demand than we anticipated. Encouraging, but definitely impacted supply quicker than we would have wanted in an ideal scenario, but it all points to an incredible product that was well received both in the industry and with the guest. And the team is focused on learning and adapting. What's challenged that a little bit is the global supply chain challenges, and we're not going to pay to fly in footwear. So we're going to build the category and we're going to learn as we go.  But we'll be back in stock on Blissfeel this month. But we expect that we'll be going through these periods as we have some incredible colors coming that we expect the guests will resonate with. We have our slides in both men's and women's that dropped this week, and we've already seen a very positive response to that. And then Chargefeel and Strongfeel will launch later this summer and fall. So we're excited about how the guest is responding and the teams are learning, and I think it's a very positive indication of our ability and the elasticity of our brand to extend into categories, really offer a head-to-toe solution and when we deliver on unmet needs.  And golf and tennis really fit into that where we design a small percentage of products that are designed specifically for those activities. And then we also leverage our core assortment to drive versatile opportunity and solutions as well as activities, and both performed incredibly well, as you indicated. I mean having Leylah Fernandez as our ambassador on our tennis has been fantastic. And leveraging golf during both the Masters and the PGA Championships in the future is a wonderful opportunity to put a spotlight on our product and our assortment, and in hike.  So team's learning. It's one of those indications where I think Meghan said we wish we had more, but it's delivering both sales in those products and lifting our core, which is the strategy, and it's resonating, and it's working well in both guest acquisition and expanding share of wallet with our existing guests. So we're excited about how the guests responded and with newness happening in this quarter and the rest of the year. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Omar. I think we've shared that even with the challenges that you alluded to, our year-over-year growth was still double digit in China and our 3-year CAGR is 60%. So there's definitely strong momentum behind the brand and very excited about the rest of this year and moving forward. These are short-term operational challenges. We've lived this in North America and other markets. We continue to support our teams as we did around the globe in these markets through pay protection, investing in the culture and that's important because that to me is one of the big pillars that's driving the success of the brand.  We have incredibly engaged educators and talent at our SSC in Shanghai. We're investing in people and talent. We're investing in relationships with the community and our ambassador community within that market. And the product, like it is in other regions, is resonating. It's uniquely positioned. It's differentiated as a premium product.  When you get a chance to go to the market, you'll see we're positioned differently in malls. We're positioned differently in terms of how the guest is interacting with the product. And similar to other markets, the same activity strategy is working. The innovation is working. The dual gender is working. So we definitely are excited about -- do agree there's been an inflection in the brand that's been building for the last few years. And this is just a short-term operational challenge that many of us are faced with, but the health of the brand is very strong and bodes well for our future growth plans. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Tom. Focusing on storytelling and bringing the guests along with our product innovation journey is definitely a key focus of Nikki and the team, both the merchants, how we tell the story online and how we tell it through the brand, through our relationships that we build with our ambassadors. So it is absolutely a key focus.  I'm not worried for a few reasons. One, it is minimal in SKU proliferation, which is designed and deliberate because we know we have highly productive stores, versatile product and we want to continue that. It is a big differentiator of our brand versus most others in this space. And we selectively target a small number of innovative products designed for these activities as a means to grow the overall core.  So in many cases, it's how our guests are already sweating and using our product. We are just putting a brand story on it with a small number of design for products that validates, brings credibility already to the product and lifts it. Second, we focused on categories because we know it's how our guests sweat in our product, and it is their primary and secondary go-to activities. So we are delivering them innovative products that through our approach, Science of Feel and unmet needs in the activities that they are sweating and we're just extending the relationship for a brand that they have affinity and trust and confidence in, in delivering products that satisfies how they're choosing to sweat.  So we're not stepping outside of the relationship we already have with guests. We are not stepping outside of how they're already sweating in our product, and we're designing specifically into that and leveraging our overall core. And then finally, what I'd say is the immediate response to all this incremental key activities or categories or items, be it footwear, tennis and golf were incredibly strong, which to me just validates the need, the immediate response and reaction, and I'm excited, encouraged with hiking.  We know when we bring innovative product that delivers on an unmet need that's focused on these core activities that are the strength of the relationship that he and she has with the brand, it resonates. And I think the results -- well, I know the results validated that. It's a strategy we're going to continue to roll out in the coming quarters. 
Meghan Frank: And Matt, I'd just add to that in terms of May, I think we're pleased with the continued momentum in our business as reflected in our 26% 3-year CAGR guide for Q2. And then in terms of inventory relationship to the sales as the year progresses, we feel really comfortable with our inventory position as we move into Q2. The team has done a nice job pulling forward inventory to meet our demand. And we are guiding to 24% to 25% for the full year, a little bit more conservative in the second half, given we have more of a line of sight clearly to Q2 and some of the macro uncertainty in front of us. I feel well positioned overall. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. Thanks, Mark. So in terms of our guide for the second quarter, we obviously have line of sight to the second quarter at this point in time, 26% 3-year CAGR and then it's a little more conservative for the second half of the year, but feeling like our Q1 momentum is flowing into Q2, so comfortable flowing through some upside there. As I mentioned, we do have a little bit of incremental air freight pressure for the year, which we've reported in our guidance. And overall EPS raise also reflects some benefit from tax rate.   In terms of leverage, as we move throughout the year, as we've been employing over the last couple of years, we're running multiple scenarios to ensure we're able to meet guest demand as it comes and remaining flexible, pushing in on air freight, but also being flexible there and matching that with demand as well. So certainly using that muscle that we developed throughout the last couple of years in terms of how agile we are in meeting our guest demand. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. In terms of China, we have approximately 20% of our close -- of our stores closed currently. So 15 out of 71, primarily in Shanghai and Beijing. We've taken that into account in our guidance. We did have 8 of our 10 stores in Beijing reopen this week, and we're also seeing restrictions begin to ease in Shanghai. And the overall impact of that revenue in Q1 was more than made up by strength in other regions. And we're seeing, I would say, overall, the situation improve there. Also keeping a close eye, I would say, on sourcing. A small percentage of our total unit volume comes out of China, but continue to monitor closely there. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. Thanks, Ike. So in terms of inventory, I'd say we feel well positioned. If anything, there might be some pockets of inventory where we wish we had a little bit more just given the dynamic nature of the environment and certainly have been where possible pushing into core inventory, which is about 45% of our assortment and doesn't come with attached markdown liability. As I mentioned, Q1, so markdowns were relatively flat year-over-year and then 40 basis points down to 2019. We don't -- we feel confident in our top line trend going into Q2 at a 26% 3-year CAGR and well aligned with our inventory growth when adjusting for the in-transit piece on a unit basis and have no plans to change the markdown cadence of our business as we look throughout the year. 
Meghan Frank: Lorraine, so in terms of gross margin, we're guiding to 200 basis points of pressure in Q2 and then approximately 100 to 150 basis point decline for the full year. The second quarter does include 150 basis points of air freight pressure year-over-year. And then we also have increased our outlook for the year in terms of air freight pressure to 30 basis points. We previously had that as flat. When we look at -- just I would note the operating margin for the full year, it's modestly under 2019, even inclusive of a 300 basis point impact from air freight pressure.  So as you say, I think we see that moderating over the long term and certainly see opportunity to recoup that. But at this point in time, I think the supply chain pressures will be with us for the balance of 2022. We'll continue to keep you updated and obviously closely monitoring the environment, and the team continues to balance those decisions, as Calvin mentioned, with our revenue momentum. 
Meghan Frank: Paul, so in terms of AUC, if I put air freight aside, we're seeing modest increases in raw material prices. So no material change in our underlying AUC and continue to closely monitor those impacts, closely working with our suppliers and as we look into 2023. In terms of pricing, we're taking modest price increases on about 10% of our assortment. As we said before, we strategically look at prices in terms of quality and make of our goods and the competitive landscape, and we'll continue to use that as a strategy as we move forward.  In terms of occupancy, I think overall, our top line trend, obviously, very strong at the 27% 3-year sales CAGR. And leveraging occupancy to a large degree, given our outperformance on top line as well as the strength of our e-commerce business. We haven't broken out the leverage point, but continue to see opportunity on that line item as we move throughout 2022. 
Meghan Frank: Michael, I'll take the first part of that question. So in terms of air freight, we are up against some increases last year as we move into the second half of the year. So expect the air freight impact to be a leverage point in Q4 when we look on a 1-year basis. But I would say in terms of how we're looking at the future, I think coming off of the full year air freight, I think too early to say on '23 how we see that moderating, but do expect to have a leverage point as we lap the high water line in Q4 of last year. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. So I'd say there, to date, we've seen modest increases in terms of raw material prices. And we have started taking some price increases in Q1, as I said, modest and will be less than 10% of our assortment. We haven't seen any price resistance to date. And we'll continue to have a few actions as we roll throughout the year there. So we'll continue to look at that as a lever. I think when we look at our operating margin overall, we are modestly for the year under 2019, even with that 300 basis point pressure of air freight. So I feel as that environment moderates, we should have some opportunity in front of us in terms of recouping the air freight pressure. And we continue to look across our business in terms of opportunities to deliver on our 5-year average target of modest operating margin expansion, obviously, navigating those near-term challenges with air freight and ensuring importantly that we continue to drive the momentum in our business through key investments as well. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. So I think when we look at our inventory on a 1-year basis, the rate -- the growth rate includes air freight impacts and then also higher in-transit with those longer ocean durations. And then also, we're comparing to periods of being under inventory last year. So that would have been relevant for Q1 of 2021. We feel the most relevant way to look at inventory as we navigate these supply chain disruptions and the comparisons to the pandemic period is to look at the 3-year unit CAGR. And that is really consistent with how we're looking at planning our business. So that 3-year unit CAGR for us at the end of Q1 was up 36%, 5 points impact included in that for longer in-transit time. So adjusting for that 31% unit increase, we think, is well aligned with our top line momentum. So when we look at that 3-year revenue CAGR, it's 27% in Q1 and then 26% in terms of our Q2 guide. And then I'd say, still really pleased with full price momentum. Our markdowns in Q1 were relatively flat year-over-year, still 40 basis points below 2019.  So really looking at leveraging also the core and nonseasonal nature of our business, which is about 45% of our assortment as well. We tend to have low markdowns overall and don't see a change to that posture as we move throughout the year. 
