Calvin McDonald: Thanks, PJ and Sun, for providing these insights in our business and performance.  Before we take your questions, I'd like to express my sincere gratitude to our teams around the world. I believe that one of our greatest assets is the direct and authentic connection we have with our guests. This connection is created and nurtured by the educators in our stores, guest education centers and our teams and our distribution in store support centers. I'm constantly inspired by the passion of our teams around the world, and I want to thank each and every member of the lululemon organization, which drives the performance we're sharing with you today.  Operator, we can now open it up for questions. 
Calvin McDonald: Absolutely. Thanks, Ike, for the questions. And I'll answer the second, sort of teeing up my sort of view of Q3 where I'll sort of touch on our men's business. Our men's business continues to be very strong. In fact, in the quarter, we saw an acceleration of the growth incoming, so we're very happy with how that continues to grow. And as I've mentioned before, we're just getting started on our product assortment as well as our activations to drive both awareness and consideration, where we see a significant amount of opportunity.  In terms of the guidance we gave for Q4, I'll first start with a quick view of what the growth drivers were in Q3. And as we look at the power of 3, we're very pleased with the balance across all of those 3 strategic pillars under product innovation. As I mentioned, we saw an acceleration in our men's business and a very strong continuation of growth in our women's on our omni guest experience. Our digital performance continued at a very strong rate, and we saw an acceleration of our growth in our stores. And across market expansion, we saw an acceleration of our international business, and North America continued its very strong performance. So very, very happy with the balance of growth in Q3, and I'm super excited with the start of Q4. This momentum has extended into the quarter. We had record performance over the Thanksgiving weekend, and we're happy the way that the holiday season has begun.  We've always given guidance that we believe is realistic and appropriate, and our guidance for the full year has always contemplated the comps in this range, and our view hasn't changed. Obviously, what I'd want to draw everyone's attention to is the majority of the quarter is still ahead. There are 6 fewer shopping days between Thanksgiving and Christmas this year, which is a unique calendar shift and is reflected in our Q4 comp guidance. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Matt. Great question. And I'm excited about the potential. But I would start with reminding all of us that we have some very tenured, strong leaders in place that are running these regions: Gareth, who's been running our European and Middle East markets for the past 3 years; Ken, who's been running APAC, has been with us for 6 years, 4.5 in RoW; and Shenyang, who's been running our Mainland China market, has been with us 2 years. So very strong leadership, and they will continue to drive these businesses as they have. And I have huge respect and confidence in their ability. And this will give us an opportunity to bring in an executive that has an added experience in these markets, in particular in APAC where we can just build upon the talent and the strength we have, but build and bring a unique perspective that they've been in the market and can contribute to our continued growth story.  So for me, we're going to make sure that we select -- we're in no rush. We're going to select the right executive talent that has in-market experience and add to the very strong bench that we have already that have been and will continue to drive the markets for us. 
Calvin McDonald: Absolutely. Thanks, Erinn, for the question. So as you know, we've extended the test into the Chicago market, which was our most recent in September, and that provided us with a unique learning opportunity in that it's a much larger market for us. Up to that point, we had been in Edmonton, Denver and Austin. In addition, we had our experiential store, so we could understand the connection with that strategy. And I would tell you the results equal to in the other markets proved to be very strong. We sold and hit our numbers within the first 4 weeks, and we continue to see very, very positive results across all metrics. And those are, one, the engagement of our high-value guests. The amount of new guests we're seeing through this program continues to be very strong. And we over-indexed on men relative to our share of sales of men within our business. So it's proving to be a great loyalty and engagement with our high-value loyal guests, but also an acquisition of new and building our men's guests in a very positive way.  And what we learned in Chicago was just the connection to the experiential store and having the sweat studio in place just strengthens the engagement that the guests have. Overall, they -- the guest metrics across most levers have been very, very positive on this, and we are very encouraged. And as we look towards 2020, we are planning on a broader rollout for next year, and we'll share more of that in the coming months. But our intention is to take these learnings and develop the program and expand it into more cities next year. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes, absolutely, Sam. I would tell you -- and I was in market, I had the opportunity to visit a number of our stores across cities, both what was exciting that week obviously with us opening up in Mall Of America, our second experiential store and our Fifth location in New York. And the -- there is no change to our execution. We did take opportunity to utilize markdowns that we have as a means to make those available to the guests. But interestingly over the weekend, although our markdown performed well, our core growth was greater than our growth in markdowns. So we continue -- even though we had a very strong weekend, as I mentioned earlier, record-setting, it was still driven by core, leveraging markdowns as an opportunity to clear through some inventory and really put our innovation front and center, which responded well and no change in strategy. And the guests responded in a very positive fashion to that strategy. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. It fits -- if this notion of line in the sand is, is there a hurdle or number we need to hit before we decide to go or not go, I would tell you, there isn't a metric in the markets we've been in that hasn't exceeded our expectations in showing a high engagement with the guests. We're just being responsibly cautious as we tweak the program and our ability to make sure that we delight the guests. There are a lot of different types of membership loyalty programs out there, and the majority of them are very easy to operate and execute. And the reason I think the guest is responding so well to ours is it fits with who we are as a brand being experiential. They are joining a cohort of other guests and joining the community, which brings them both event experiences, access to product and access to the Sweatlife, which is very unique and different. And they're responding in a very favorable way, and we're very excited about it. And we just want to make sure that as we scale it, that knowing that we are offering a product to our high-value guests that we're delivering on the commitment and the expectation they have.  So it really is us being cautious in scaling as we do, which is right and prudent on something that I think is so unique, special, that we're not -- we're not rushing. We have no need to rush, and the metrics are very positive. So there's no line in the sand in that regard. And our incentive plan next year is to broaden it. And we will move forward in, I think, a responsible fashion. But there's no line that would indicate a metric. They're all very, very positive and encouraging and exciting. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes, there's an element to the role that the educators play. But in fact, one of the strengths to our brand is we have a long history of our educators being connected in the community. And that's one of the big sources of how we grow and build our ambassador base. So that's actually not a factor that would cause us to just go at a pace. It really is our decision and control.  Big part of the membership program and the benefits is we like to host local sweat opportunities in the community with studio partners. And so there's an element of us wanting to make sure that we source the right that we are able to host these events and these parties, if you like, and then bring our cohorts together. And therefore, it's just a unique aspect of the program that we've been doing in the 4 cities. And we want to make sure that as we scale it, we're doing it in the right effective manner that's going to deliver the right experience for our guests. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, John. Appreciate that. I think the -- there are really 3 key elements to the benefit of experiential stores that I'll touch on. And the first is they really are the pinnacle expression of our vision of the guests living the Sweatlife. Second is they create a positive impact across the market. There really is a halo impact. And third would be the brand strength. So if I take those each individually from living in and creating our vision, we know through the Lincoln Park and early indication on Mall Of America is that our high-value guest interacts and frequents these stores on a more frequent basis, that they spend more time, that they are both coming back to participate in the sweat activity and/or stay and hang with others at the fuel. And that's also translating into shopping as we're seeing very healthy conversion and growing of share of wallet as well as attracting and building new guests. So in terms of the general metrics, they're very positive, and we just purely look at it through the operational lens of what you'd want from the KPIs.  Equally and the second being the positive impact within the market, in Chicago, and we're anticipating the same within Minneapolis, is that we do see the overall market lift, and that's a factor of the ambassador community. These are hubs for them where they are spending time in building out both their influence as well as how they influence lululemon and the Sweatlife community, and overall, just brand awareness and consideration in both online and physical. So we're very, very pleased with that.  And third is the brand strength. So if you think of what I believe is truly our unique approach to this loyalty, if you like, it starts with our stores, be it colocated, our current base or in these pinnacle expressions, the experiential. Then you factor in our ambassador community. Then you layer in our membership. Then you layer in our events. It really is creating a layered halo that's impacting not just loyalty engagement, but our strength within these marketplaces. And these experiential stores are really helping to create a hub to drive that.  And I'll reiterate what I said on Analyst Day, which is that experiential stores could represent approximately 10% of our store base in the future. We're excited about the early indication. We're equally excited about how our store base factors into that loyalty equation that I just shared with you with the multiple layers of connecting with ambassador membership and events. But experiential will play a key role in tier cities, and we're going to test and learn and see, but they are performing well out of the gate. 
Calvin McDonald: Absolutely. Thanks for the question, Mark. So as you mentioned, the pop-up or the seasonal stores serve a variety of really interesting strategies for us. One, they allow us to go in, in a very low-cost manner to test either new real estate locations within a market and/or a new market altogether. So we've been using that for a number of years, and it's proven to be very effective where we can either determine the risk or no risk of cannibalization, the opportunity of concentration of multiple stores or to really test the opportunity of a new market. And in that, not only are we seeing current guests being able to shop and interact more with us, but it is proving to be a very, very cost-effective way to acquiring a new guest. And then either we turn that seasonal store into a permanent location and we continue to nurture that relationship, or in some cases, we may not sustain it throughout the year but continue to come back into the market at an ad hoc basis. But we do maintain the relationships with those guests and then try to transition them into becoming an omni guest where they would shop with us online. And mainly, we would capture that through our e-mail file growth.  And obviously in seasonal, our educators know that one of the key metrics when we go in is e-mail capture. So although we monitor that across our network of stores, in particular in seasonal with it being such an important part of the strategy, that is one of those really important metrics that we work with our educators and our teams to make sure that we're capturing. Once we have it, depending upon the outcome of the location, we would determine to utilize that information relationship with the guests in a variety of ways.  2018, we operated 63. This year, we have 74. That's sort of the run rate we're seeing. I think about 1/3 transitioned to mainline stores, so that's sort of our going-in rate. So it's -- I think it's a really exciting strategy, and as alluded, our new guest acquisition and validation of markets. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Mark. I think the first thing is to recognize that one of the beauties of this brand is that we host a ton of events globally on an annual basis. Now the size of that event is very different from what a local store may do on a Sunday bringing in guests to the pinnacle event at SeaWheeze or what we're starting to do with our run events to the Sweatlife festival that are happening in Europe and events in Asia. So there has always been rooted in this brand and the community is hosting of events.  The opportunity with membership is to build upon that. We know that the guests love the ability to connect with one another, the ability to connect with our educators and our ambassadors within a community either through sweat or through grow, which is another aspect of the Sweatlife. And membership just allows us to create even more events. We do see creating more of these pinnacle events, the 10k event in San Diego. I was down there for the weekend. It was so incredibly powerful. And when you're there and you visit the stores, and all 3 stores in city over the weekend had fantastic results, vibrant. The ambassadors who are in the community, 5,000 people running. I was surprised, pleasantly surprised with the number that are running in our gear. So we are attracting our guests that are really engaged in the essence of what we're creating around the brand, and it's so energetic and electric.  Membership will have some unique events. They will have easy and quicker access to other events. And some of the local sweat studio classes that we host will be exclusive for them or they can bring a friend, too. So it's not going to be an exclusive, but there will be unique opportunities. But events is an area that we continue to see an opportunity to strengthen the relationship with the guests and drive that loyalty in a very unique way for this brand and in our community that we're really excited and energized about. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thank you. I'll first just mention on the small investment that we made into Mirror and why I'm excited about that and working with Brynn, the CEO of that business, who some of you may or may not know is actually -- is a legacy ambassador. She was an ambassador of lululemon a few years ago.  I'm very interested in the space of in-home fitness and that experience. What Mirror provided, which is interesting for us, is the opportunity to learn how the guests are interacting with the content. That is very similar to a lot of how our guests are choosing to sweat, be it through high-impact meditation, yoga or other train activities in home. So it really is an opportunity for us to learn both the balance of how the hardware works and then potentially app and other opportunities down the road. So it's really a front row to work with a wonderful person, being Brynn, that we have a lot of strong relationship with and seek.  And I do think when I look at membership and the opportunity that we have, there is in this area of content. What we know the guest is responding to is our curation of content in the physical sweat space, and that is really exciting. And experiential and events allow us to curate other physical opportunities for those cohorts to come together.  But equally interesting is how we can provide content in a unique way in the digital space. We ran SeaWheeze. 10,000 runners participated. But 6,000 runners globally ran SeaWheeze virtually around the world.  So there's this beautiful and very exciting balance between physical and virtual that we're interested in and exploring. And membership brings it to life both in the physical, and we are leaning in and learning and seeing white space opportunity around the digital/virtual opportunities in which how that content can equally translate into the membership program and beyond. So it's an interesting opportunity to learn in an area that I am excited about and we are paying attention to. 
Patrick Guido: Yes. Matt, it's PJ. So yes, project -- product margin was up 120 basis points. That drove the gross margin increase, and that's on continued lower product costs. We had a slight benefit from product mix. Lower markdowns drove roughly 20 basis points of that improvement. I'd say going forward, the opportunity still remains for us on the product margin side. We'll continue to expand through scale, segmenting the supply chain, better cost visibility, greater efficiency across the distribution network. So happy with Q3 and where gross margin shake out. We were able to leverage occupancy on higher volume. And at the same time, we continue to make investments in product development, bras, accessories, outerwear.  So I mean the way to think about it in Q4, we're guiding to, again, modest gross margin expansion. That will be -- we continue to see the tailwind in product cost, but we're also going to continue to invest in product development to keep the top line fuel. So again, the guidance modest expansion tailwinds of product margin. If there's already headwinds, it's the additional investment we're making again to fuel top line. 
Patrick Guido: Yes, sure. So the puts and takes in SG&A -- the puts -- this quarter and throughout the year, we're leveraging our overhead. So we're picking up leverage there. The -- we're picking up a benefit from channel mix. Regional mix is a little bit of a headwind or take.  The key investments that we are making, we're expanding testing in new growth vehicles such as loyalty. We're going to continue to invest in our North American online guest experience, which has been driving conversion. We'll put incremental investment behind our power of 3, particularly our men's business. And we'll continue to invest in our omni platform. So that will continue into Q4 and probably beyond. 
Patrick Guido: Yes. Thanks for the question, Matt. So first, I would just reiterate that lower markdowns have been a tailwind all year and contributed to gross margin expansion in Q3. I would also call out that our inventory was in great shape at the end of the quarter and heading into Q4 with a good balance of core and seasonal products and very low age stock.  So with that, with regards to markdown activity, I think it's important to know that our omni capabilities, such as shift from store and our RFID technology, allows us to pool the markdown product in stores, in outlets, in DCs on our website for full availability to the guests. So this, combined with a growing assortment, it does result in a breadth of styles on markdown online, but there's just not much depth for units behind. In fact, we have the ability to clear markdowns faster and at better sell-through rates by offering a digitally consolidated pool of inventory. So you can't really conclude that we're more promotional by scraping the website when in reality we're creating better value for the guests. While clearing what little markdown inventory, we have more efficiency. 
