Stuart Haselden: Courtney, it's Stuart. Sure. On raw materials, we are seeing the benefits from our go-to-market calendar accrued to the cost that we're seeing for raw materials. We're also seeing some of the costs related to raw materials are continuing to be consistent with what we've seen previously. I'm going to invite Tara to add anything to that, if there is anything. 
Stuart Haselden: So I think the bigger point really is just as we continue to make progress on the go-to-market calendar and the strategies related there, we should see benefits in the input costs really more from how we are able to better synchronize our supply chain activities and generate better leverage and how we are able to engage and negotiate with our vendors, and that will benefit a number of different areas, raw materials included. On your -- on the question on mobile, I'm going to let Laurent speak to that one. 
Stuart Haselden: Matt, so yes, on the comp -- in Q1, so we saw it track closely with our inventory positions, and obviously, that was related -- or is impacted by what happened with the West Coast port issues. What we saw since the -- since we last spoke in the March earnings call, we did see our comps improve as our spring and summer product landed in April. It's worth mentioning that when we did give guidance, the expectation was that we would see our spring and summer goods land closer to the beginning of April. They actually landed more into the middle of April. But what we were surprised was -- what we were surprised by was the fact that our winter and holiday goods that we had in the first part of April to a higher mix as a result of the delays in the spring, summer timing, the winter and holiday product performed better than expected from a sell-through standpoint. That product does have a lower product margin inherently, and so that weighed on the overall margin outcome and explains part of the miss to the margin guidance that we had given. The other thing we were surprised by in the last part of the quarter was the airfreight costs came in about 30% to 40% higher than expected. And that also weighed on margins in the quarter and was -- that cost was above what we originally expected when we gave guidance. But for the comp specifically, we did see a nice acceleration as our in-stock positions improved. That acceleration was more or less a reflection of an increase in conversion. The traffic over the course of the quarter was relatively consistent, and we saw as in-stock positions improved, conversion improved, comps improved. We saw that continue into the first part of the second quarter as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, and it's a similar story. We are seeing some continued acceleration in our Canadian traffic, and specifically, along with the improved conversion. So it's an improving picture. It's very closely connected to the improving in-stock positions that we have. 
Stuart Haselden: Sure. I think as we look at the second half of the year from a margin standpoint, the guidance that we gave around the improved sales really relates to that 1/3 of the inventory -- the elevated inventory levels that we'll be looking to exit in the balance of the year. We have assumed that those sales will essentially have -- from an exit standpoint, the cost to exit those sales will essentially wash with the incremental margin that they'll generate. There may be some upside to that assumption, but we're not ready to call it at this point. So if I was to try to point to margin opportunities in the second half, it's probably just how effective we can be in moving through that elevated inventory position. And from a gross margin expansion standpoint, I think your question is more getting at the outlook into next year and the benefits of the activities and investments that we're making this year, particularly in Tara's group. I think, as we had said previously, we expect the go-to-market calendar to be able to help us reduce our fabric liability cost as we get more efficient in how we actually are able to synchronize the supply chain we'll have less waste effectively. And that will reduce the amount of fabric liability that we'll need to have in order to deliver the same amount of product. Additionally -- and that's probably the first and foremost part of the gross margin opportunity as we think about that go-to-market calendar strategy. We also have a fair amount of expedited airfreight costs both into the production cycle to help us stay on track with our calendar, and then we have expedited airfreight costs out of the production cycle with finished goods to help us stay on track with our inventory flow cycle. So again, as our calendar becomes more synchronized, we'll be able to eliminate and reduce -- or at least materially reduce this airfreight cost. So I'd say those are the top parts of that go-to-market calendar margin opportunity. Certainly, there are other things that we're doing that will benefit just the flow and how we're able to -- from a fast turn standpoint, be able to respond to trends that we see in the market. That's a smaller part of the equation today that we're investing in to try to grow that and make it more meaningful. 
Stuart Haselden: And Ed, on your second question on the cash flow, we were more aggressive in the quarter with the share repurchase program, which that tipped us negative, as you pointed out. But we still feel very good about the cash flow generation in this business and feel that we'll be in a good liquidity position going forward. 
Stuart Haselden: Matt, yes. So the guidance in the second half, from a comp sales standpoint, as you look under the covers, the range, we essentially -- the forecast that we used for the basis of the guidance showed that the comp results would increase into the top end of that range. So we're essentially, in our model, on the cusp of a mid to beginning to close in on a high single digit. So it's really just a question of where we fell in that range of mid-single digit comps. We aren't ready yet to call more upside for the second half. So internally, we feel like the data points connect, and it doesn't necessarily suggest deceleration. It's just the current view in Q2, we have more clarity given where we are right now, and we're more comfortable calling that. But it's really, I would say, from where we were in the March call, we're just higher into that -- the upper end of that mid-single-digit range on the comps. 
Stuart Haselden: Paul, so yes, the -- we're very pleased with the e-com sales growth that we saw in Q1. I'd say there's a couple of factors we'd point to. Certainly, weather was an issue in the early part of Q1, which likely benefited the e-commerce results. I'd also say that we began the quarter in e-commerce with a stronger inventory position, and we were able to accelerate -- or able to flow, I should say, inventory to the e-commerce business faster than we could the stores. There's an additional step in the supply chain for getting the inventory from our distribution centers to our stores, which takes a little bit of time, that in e-commerce, you don't have that step. So we're able to have a better inventory position in e-commerce, which I think drove the upside. And from a -- the comp guidance that we gave for Q2 certainly reflects an ongoing strength in our e-commerce business as well as the improvement in the store comps. So there's nothing that we would look at from a direct standpoint that would suggest that the increases that we saw in the first quarter is not sustainable. We wouldn't necessarily plan it at that level, but there's nothing structural that would prevent us from delivering that type of an outcome going forward. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes, Jim. So the strategy at this point in the early store openings is focused on capital cities in those geographies, in Western Europe and in Asia. So these are some of the most productive retail centers or retail areas in the world, and so these initial store locations are -- they're rivaling some of the best stores in North America, from a sales standpoint, from a sales per square foot standpoint and also from a 4-wall profit. The -- obviously, the rent dynamics are different. We're seeing higher rents. We're having to pay key money in certain markets, but these are sort of the -- some of the most productive locations you can imagine. So we're really -- we're picking the cherries, so to speak, in the initial phase to establish the brand. It's important to have a very visible location in these key areas, these key cities in the shopping areas within them so that you establish the brand in a manner that's consistent with how we want it to be established. So we need to build that presence and that brand recognition with the store footprint. But we're -- it's not a marketing activity. These stores are very profitable and on a 4-wall basis, very attractive. Obviously, you have the cost -- the overhead cost of investing in the teams, in the marketing, in the supply chain to get into those markets, so it takes you a while to reach the scale to really be able to leverage those investments. And we're in the early days of the strategy, but we're very excited by the results that we're seeing both in Asia and Europe and feel like it's going to be a great part of the overall growth story for years to come. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. Sure, Janet. So yes, buying and occupancy, we're seeing elevated pressure from that into this -- into Q1, as we had in Q4. No surprise there. We expect that will be the story for the balance of the year. We expect that to moderate next year. We really -- if you look over the last few years, we haven't seen this level of occupancy pressure. We expect that to normalize into 2016. So on a year-over-year basis, that should be a benefit. But the -- at this point, I would say, it's attributable to just some of the discrete activities that we have ongoing this year from a real estate standpoint. And that's the combination of some of the higher rents for these big international flagships, some of the relocations and expansions that we've done in North America, and just the opening cadence that we have is higher than the company has ever had. And so for every store you open, you have a certain amount of preopening costs that are a drag from an occupancy standpoint, sort of the initial rent before the store is opened. So we've got more of that, that will moderate as well as we go forward. So I mean, those are the factors that are part of that story. I think over the long term, we'd expect to leverage our buying and occupancy in that high single-digit to low double-digit range just given the growth profile of the company. We're not quite there right now, but that's how we would envision the long-term model. 
Laurent Potdevin: So on the mobile, maybe I mentioned that in our earlier script, we're doing a full global web redesign that obviously is going to be mostly driven by -- the development is driven by mobile and will be adapted to all sort of devices. We are seeing tremendous momentum with our mobile performance, and so it will be an integral part of our growth, doing with -- the web redesign. And we are adding tremendous talent to the digital team. So we are very excited with what we are seeing. Combined with our new account capture and our CRM efforts, we've got a very large collective that's building very quickly. So mobile is a very integral part of our strategy and how we are not only transacting, but also doing our storytelling with our ambassadors. 
Laurent Potdevin: On the men's side of the business, I mean, we've obviously been very, very excited with playing with different formats, whether it's stand-alone store, whether it's increased square footage in some of our current stores or some expanded format. I mean the one format that we are most excited right now about is expanded store where both men's and women's are co-located as our female guest still shops a lot for him. I mean he does -- our male guest does have a lot more permission to come into the lululemon collective, but she still shops a lot for him. So the expanded format, co-located format is one that we're seeing tremendous results with. And we'll continue in the right geographies, right cities, we'll continue to play with potential stand-alone stores as we see fit, as long as it's in very close proximity to the women's location, such as what you can experience in SoHo. 
Laurent Potdevin: And Paul, especially when you consider all the enhancements from a CRM account and checkout standpoint that we're putting into the global web redesign and our educators at the store level have done an outstanding job, but we've done a good job training them, and they've done an outstanding job using our bag backroom app [ph], which has really been able to leverage our online inventory when we haven't had inventory in stores. So that's really sort of our strategy coming together from that standpoint. 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes. We're very -- we've been very focused on Canada as one of our -- as our first market, and it's been really coming across the 3 sort of key pillars of what we do, right? I mean, we focus a lot on educator training. We very much focus on the buy, how wide the buy is and the depth of the buy, and we're seeing tremendous results with that. And our brand community groups have really focused on how to have a campaign that is very -- I mean, I hate the word campaign, but programs that were very much dedicated to Canada. And we've seen tremendous impact there. I think another interesting market to look at where we have been challenged is Australia. And I was in Australia a month ago, spending time with our team there. And we've seen the same type of return to very healthy comps simply by focusing on those markets; the buy, the training and brand and community efforts that are locally relevant, but especially in the context of Australia, really focusing on ambassadors that are relevant to Australia. So we think about triathletes, surfers that are training in environments that are hotter, more humid, obviously they have to deal with a lot more sun than we do here in Vancouver, and using this market as testing ground for new product. So just really product, buy, brand and community and training focused on those markets has really paid off in a very significant way. 
Laurent Potdevin: And on the international side -- sorry, I knew there was a second part to that question. On the international side, I mean, we're very much on track. I mean, like, we're exceeding our expectations both in Asia and in Europe. As I mentioned, we're on track opening Dubai in September. We're probably seeing -- we're exceeding to a greater extent in Asia than in Europe. So that's probably suggest the ability to maybe accelerate a little bit our expansion in Europe, and we've just opened a showroom in Seoul that is performing extremely, extremely well. So an opportunity to do more in Asia with an awesome team, and in Europe, like, keeping the course but yet still very much exceeding our expectations. So opening a showroom in France. We've just opened a showroom in Stockholm. We've relocated a showroom in Germany in Berlin. That's now performing at a level that sort of suggests a store rollout. So very, very happy with the pace and the success of the international expansion so far. 
Laurent Potdevin: And Jim, all the work that we're doing with multi-store format in North America, whether it's a smaller store like the one in Vail, or whether it's a men's-only in SoHo or the expanded format in Miami, Santa Monica or Robson, I mean, are really sort of informing the type of model that we can roll out in parts of the world where we might have to play with different real estates. 
Laurent Potdevin: I think in Asia, we still have a fair amount of runway, probably a couple of years, before we start exploring the cities that are not a "when" but that are an "if." In the U.K., we'll probably start exploring a couple of those locations next year, and then in the rest of Europe, we'll still be in the capital cities for the midterm. So we have tremendous runway ahead of us in leveraging the brand awareness that we've got in those capital cities, and to Stuart's point, really sort of planting our flag and claiming the market as we created. So a lot of runway in those cities that are a "when". 
Tara Poseley: So what we -- obviously, the spring goods didn't get in until April, but we saw really strong positive response from the guests. Particularly, the bottom trend continues and bodes well for our pant wall relaunch in Q3. Our efforts against tanks, we'll start seeing lot of the new styles and new work there begins to get into stores starting the end of Q2. So we'll have more to come on that, that we can talk to. It's a little too early on that. And we've been very pleased with swim. We have more opportunity to add additional coverage offers -- offerings in swim. So we've had some good [indiscernible] in spring, but the guest response has been really positive, and we can see more upside opportunity as we move into designing next year for swim in '16. 
Tara Poseley: Okay. Yes, the composition of the 2/3 product, what the buying teams have done is we've reflowed the spring product into summer and then looked at the summer product that we could flow into fall. And the teams are really excited actually with the product they want flow into fall. Plus that the addition of the color in August, which is really still high summer, into our fall merchandise was a good choice. Our fourth quarter product hasn't been placed yet, so it gives us a lot of movement to shift some of the core receipts that we needed to reflow from Q2 to Q3 to Q4. So I'm feeling really good about composition of that 2/3. We did have -- we had an online warehouse sale last year in October. We're actually going to move that forward into Q2 to clear through the holiday inventory. Stuart did mention that we actually saw good guest response to the holiday inventory that we had kept up at regular price in our stores in February and March. And we'll be using our warehouse sales to clear through that, probably that 1/3 that we're talking about. And then we will then make choices through the remainder of the year if we do some additional pop-ups to warehouse or just use our regular outlets to move through that inventory. 
Tara Poseley: Sorry, okay. You cut off for a second there. So we have established a fast-turn team that can turn goods in about -- depending on if we have taken position on the fabric or we have liable fabric, that team can turn products around in roughly 2.5 months. So it's a great mechanism for us to leverage as we see where sales are and be able to chase them into core products or as well into seasonal fashion ideas as well. 
Tara Poseley: What we are really focused on is driving innovation in our bottoms category from fabrics and fit, and we will price accordingly as we continue to drive forward in those innovations. So again, we're always looking forward. We want to be the -- we are the leaders in driving innovation in the bottoms category, and we'll price accordingly. 
