Stuart Haselden: Brian, it's Stuart. So absolutely. On the first question you have there on the gross margin recovery, first, we're really pleased with what we've seen in the quarter. The most recent quarter exceeded our expectations. As we've looked at the original goal that we had, of recovering the 300 basis points of product margin from 2014, and I'll remind you that was excluding the impact of FX, we are in the third quarter now in that range of recovery. And we expect to see that extend certainly into the fourth quarter and into, I would say, the greatest degree of inflection will occur in the second half of this year and into the first half of next year. And I think that's consistent with how we have framed it previously for folks. So we're pleased to be on track for that level of gross margin recovery. We believe that beyond the middle of next year, it becomes a structural element of our business model. We will see more modest improvements from that point forward and it connects to our broader 5-year goal that we'd outlined back in March of achieving a $4 billion business by 2020 with our gross margin starting with a 5 and our EBIT margin starting with a 2. And so I think this is an important milestone for the company and an important step in achieving that level of profitability and affirming very positively the progress against those goals. So and then on to your other question regarding pricing. We have really, over the last, I would say 12 to 18 months, built a new muscle within the company within our merchandising team around pricing. And it started with a very important project that BCG led for us. It actually helped us step from that project away from not just understanding where our pricing architecture fits within the industry, but also helping us build the internal processes so that we can have a more sophisticated approach to how we price our goods. I would say we've certainly benefited from that over the last, call it, 12 months. But as we look forward, the AUR improvements that we will see are not simply just raising prices. It becomes just a more robust process where we look for opportunities from a mix standpoint that will improve AURs, not just this year, but going forward. So where we see opportunities to evolve the mix of our business, those can and often will bring with them AUR upside, and it doesn't necessarily mean a price increase. So I think that's an important part of the business model that we need to help folks understand. From an elasticity standpoint, we're very pleased with what we saw from some of the more meaningful price moves that we made end of last year into this year. We made more measured moves in other regions, including Canada. And we're still collecting and evaluating those additional pricing moves. So overall, very pleased with the results of the specific moves. But even more importantly, pleased with the new capabilities regarding pricing that we've developed within the company. 
Stuart Haselden: Matt, it's Stuart. So we certainly feel like that level of comp is sustainable. And that's how we think about our top line picture over the next 5 years. And as we had shared, we see our men's business growing in penetration somewhere in the ballpark of 25% of the total by 2020. That implies a faster growth pace for men's. The double-digit comps that we've seen in men's, we feel like we're just getting started. And we're thrilled with the momentum that we have in men's, but we see a tremendous amount of opportunities in front of us in that business. We've also been really pleased with the momentum that we've seen in women's pants. We had a very successful pant launch, pant wall launch last Q3. I think Laurent mentioned in his prepared remarks, we posted double-digit comp in women's pants in the third quarter of this year. We're seeing really strong momentum in women's pants into Q4, which really speaks to our ability to comp that business and drive innovation into our products consistently. And there's -- and Laurent mentioned some of the new fabrics and new designs that we have in women's pants. Maybe I'll pause there and let -- give the floor to Lee maybe speak a little bit more about some of the innovation in our product strategy that will drive that mid-single-digit comp. 
Stuart Haselden: So Matt, on the square footage question, I think what you're seeing in 2016 is the pace of square footage growth we would expect to see going forward over the next few years. The mix of how we will deliver that will evolve, obviously. We're really pleased with the progress in China, in particular. And that will become a growing and more important part of the square footage growth story. Maybe I'll let Laurent speak to the international strategy. 
Stuart Haselden: Sure.  Yes, and on the -- and Oliver, on the We Made Too Much, so we're going to continue to leverage the various levers that we have to clear inventory that you're aware of. And we're just -- we're really pleased to have this new capability with ship from store that enables us to move this inventory, these slower-moving styles just more efficiently at a higher margin with a great guest experience. So this is -- I think in the quarter and what's been written, I think this is one of the most misunderstood parts of our business model right now. And so you simply -- you can't simply look at the style count on the clearance page on the website. It's not an apples-to-apples comparison to last year or even last week. As we are continuing to add new stores into the program, we're up to over 80 stores that participate in that today. And we'll obviously continue to evaluate what the most effective presentation of that page is and balance that with the overall experience for the guest on the website. But again, really, really pleased with the results. And I think it is reflected in the margin results and certainly the markdown results that we just reported. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. On traffic, first, as we've said, we've been pleased with our comps and how we drove them over the course of the full year, not just Q3. And this has really also supported our margin outcome. And our focus with regard to traffic is in driving quality traffic to support a premium full price business. We're not simply going after every last bit of traffic possible. We're driving comps with higher AURs in a very healthy way for our brand. That said, while our store traffic is slightly negative, it is consistent with the trends that we've seen throughout the year and is substantially better than most of what we see reported in the industry broadly. And this -- the traffic that is out there today tends to be more serious about making purchases and not just window shopping. So we are still seeing healthy traffic from these guests. And as we look into Q4, there's really no reason that the Q4 traffic or the composition of our comps should be -- should really be that much different than it has been all year. So I think that's -- those are the headlines on traffic and why we remain confident in our comp trends. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes, Ike, so on the -- your first question. The number of stores that will participate in the ship-from-store is still a moving target. I would not necessarily expect that every store would necessarily participate in it. As we look at the size of the stores, the density of inventory and we set the parameters for what makes sense in terms of how we will be able to tap that inventory reliably to support web sales, we're still landing the exact algorithm for which stores are going to be good candidates to participate. So certainly, suffice it to say, we like it to be as many as possible. There's not a set timing other than I would expect it'll likely unfold probably over the next 18 months will land what the full penetration of store participation could look like, but that's something we can certainly continue to keep you abreast of. The -- on your second question with regard to brand marketing. It's -- we have a, as Laurent mentioned, we have a powerful and disruptive community marketing model. And that's something we're continuing to invest in aggressively. And so it's the elements of the model that you're familiar with in terms of how we get our educators into our communities to make those connections with our guests and our ambassadors, just continuing to evolve that model. And but then there's also investments that we're making from a brand standpoint to continue to explore are there new ways that we can maybe be louder in how we communicate the brand outside of the stand as well time-tested community model strategies. Are there other ways we can leverage a brand marketing voice. So that's -- we've invested into that into the second half of the year with the team here, led by Duke Stump. And so that's something that we'll be looking to expand and test in different ways into next year. So more to follow on that likely on the Q4 call, but that's something that's really coming together as we speak. 
Stuart Haselden: So Jessica, yes, the competitive environment is -- it's crowded. It's a crowded space. And certainly, on one hand, we believe that it's growing the overall size of the pie, if you will. And I think, as Laurent had mentioned on previous calls, we view athleisure as a trend. And like all trends, it will come to an end, at some point. And those competitors who are not in the business in a high-quality manner are going to -- they're going to go away. So we view ourselves as, in many ways, a technology company that is investing in innovation to drive our business. And the pant wall launch last year and the continued investments in innovation that we have this year to continue to drive the business in that regard exemplifies when we invest in innovation, we win. 
Laurent Potdevin: And Brian, I would remind everybody that a lot of our pricing strategy and the transition that we've made are being driven by innovation. So when you look at us launching the Nulu fabric and the alignment last year or the Nulux fabric, I mean, when we deliver innovation to our guests, I mean, we actually -- and where you see the value, we actually see very little resistance. So I mean, those pricing -- the pricing strategy has been driven for the vast majority of the product by innovation. 
Laurent Potdevin: I mean, as far as international, I mean, we talked in the remarks about the acceleration in China and the densification in Shanghai and Beijing. So I'm really, really excited about that and really excited about the location that the team has been able to secure. So and I'll see that. I'm flying there tonight. And so we said that by 2017, we'll have about 20 stores both in Europe and in Asia, and we'll be breaking even by the end of 2017. I think that what you're going to -- that statement is totally relevant. You're going to see an acceleration in Asia we've had a lot of momentum and a greater level of profitability. In Europe, we're going to be a little bit more patient, but the overall international picture really remains the same. 
Laurent Potdevin: So thanks, Oliver. I mean, I'd love to answer the question on tops. But I think Lee is going to do that much better than I will, so I'll let him speak to that. But quickly on your question on the We Made Too Much. I mean, our strategy is really clear. I mean, we're not making product for that section. We're not planning with that section in mind. And I think actually what we've seen recently, with being able to leverage the store -- the ship-from-store is actually allowing us to use that section to really clean up our inventory at a higher margin so I'm really, really pleased with that. So it's a matter of being really agile and using it as a really efficient tool and certainly, not building that as a category that -- or as section that we rely on. So that's on the why We Made Too Much. I mean, maybe Stuart can chime in on -- yes, second part of your question and then Lee can talk about tops. 
Laurent Potdevin: Well, the only thing that I would say from a Q4 standpoint in Canada is that I just recently visited a number of stores, and I think we've done – first of all, our people are incredibly energized. I mean, the store looked great and we've had a real focus on continuing to really engage with the communities and a real focus on digital merchandising and some of the windows. So I think that, as I said earlier, I mean, like the holiday season is what we gear up and the energy that I've seen in the stores and how good the stores look really give me a lot of confidence in our people's ability to really maximize the season that we love the most. 
Laurent Potdevin: And when you think about traffic, I mean, obviously, I mean, the macro environment is what it is and we think it will stabilize. It's interesting to see the balance of online and brick-and-mortar and how it's happening. When you think about Amazon Go just launching their third grocery store, right? So I mean, we think it will stabilize and we're not waiting for it to stabilize. I think that's why we are really thrilled to continue to really push the colocated expanded format basically as we grow the men's business and we see the acceleration and as we grow the assortment. So those colocated stores, I mean, we know we've got highly qualified traffic, they are very vibrant communities. So that's really, really powerful. And then on the flip side, the locals, where we can be very nimble and very agile in entering some communities and leveraging our digital ecosystem to continue to drive traffic. So I think we've got -- we're not waiting for the macro environment to change. We think it will stabilize and we're taking steps. And then I would add that on game day and during the holiday season, I mean, we know how to drive traffic and our people are the best. On Black Friday, we had a plus 16% comp in the U.S. and on Cyber Monday, a plus 29% comp. And I think what's more exciting in those comps is that the full price comps were very similar to the overall comps. So that really speaks to not only our ability to drive traffic, but also our ability to continue to be the leading brand that sells merchandise at full price. 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes, you know what, I mean, we're actually really excited about ivivva. Actually, one thing that I did not mention on the call is Kristy Maynes, who was running Europe and who has been with us for quite a few years and is a very strong operator who was running Europe, recently relocated back in Vancouver and is leading the charge at ivivva. So for the first time, ivivva is actually looked as a standalone brand with a General Manager. And I'm thrilled to have her run this brand reporting into Celeste, and that's why we have Gareth coming in Europe. And so I think that the goal in 2017 is really to accelerate both the growth and also the profitability of ivivva by being a separate brand and being a guest that we've got between the ages of 8 and 12, is do we maximize the 4 years that we've got with these young guests and really looking at disrupting the model a little bit. So continuing to have those amazing experience, but how do we do that differently and more profitably? So really continuing to push what we do best with ivivva, which is engaging with that demographic, but really also having permission to disrupt the model and potentially look at the different distributions in different categories. So you'll see accelerated profitability in '17 and probably some evolution of the business model. 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes, I think it's really important to sort of differentiate from the athleisure trend and from how people want to live their lives. And I think that lululemon is the only brand out there that is truly a metaphor for how people want to live their lives and how they want to move. And that's true across gender, that's true globally. And we really actually don't see that lifestyle changing anytime soon. So I mean, you could argue that either the space is really crowded and we have a lot of competitors, or we have very few. And as long as we focus on function and innovation, and delivering value to our guests, I mean, we really don't see any risk to the market that we've created and the market that we continue to lead. So I'm really excited when I look at the runway of innovation, the categories that we can get into and the global sort of footprint that we're building. 
Lee Holman: Yes, I think it's just really exciting as you see Q3 come to fruition, there's been a pipeline of fabric innovation that's coming to our guests. I think this is just the start of the journey. You can see that we're bringing it to our women's pants business from 12 months ago with Nulu, then Nulux come in. And you can see that being see scale maximizing 2017. But then as Stuart said, just getting into the men's business, you'll see really leveraging our franchises around ABC, the Metal Vent and also our technical shorts and other innovation as we go through the year. So I'm very excited about the team's work and how we're bringing that together. And I think on the men's line [ph], just recently recruiting Ben Stubbington into the men's Senior Vice President job, just really actually elevates our talent across the leadership in design and merchandising. So really excited about the future and this is just the starting point of our -- how we land innovation to our guests. 
Lee Holman: Yes, and Oliver, on the tops, thank you for recognizing the shift that we've made. It's really had a focused team cross functionally to work on our tops business. And it really came down to leading with sweat with innovation and having a balanced assortment from shelf to shelfless tanks. We're leading with, obviously, our sculpt tank. But as you can see in the comps in our bras, really going back to some of our key franchises, from Free To Be -- the Free To Be Zen that we introduced and then Tranquil. And then how then are our guests wearing our tops together. So having really a diverse portfolio of fabrics from Pima cottons some of our silver innovation platforms. But really getting to -- close to our guests, understanding how people are sweating and transition through their day, as people are leaving more from a -- kind of a moving more in their lifestyle. So really tapping into that, but really around a balanced assortment. So I'm really happy about where we are and also the future opportunity around tops. 
Lee Holman: Yes, and also, Jessica, I think just at the moment, I mean, you'll see actually as you go through the upcoming season just really heightened focus on building a pipeline in innovation. And I believe lululemon is very unique in a sense of our innovation team from the Whitespace but also Advanced Concept, and also we have different avenues of how we're building innovation from our lab strategy, also how we're gathering information from our ambassadors constantly and just really building out our pipeline. And I think you're going to see it come to fruition and really [indiscernible] scale and maximize. And I think the Nulu fabric is a good example of that being 12 months ago being launched and now being our #1 pant product, and I see that from Nulux as well, really building around at that sensation of naked and how you can build out in different areas of our business going forward. So I'm really excited about leading with innovation that really separates ourselves from the market. 
