Stuart Haselden: Yes, Matt. The e-mail file trajectory has really been exciting and important. The mix of that is largely weighted towards North America. And the reason we've seen an inflection in it is we implemented new applications within our POS system in the third quarter of last year with new training for our store educators to be able to be armed in a better way with technology and training to capture guest e-mails at point-of-sale. And so that has been a big part of the inflection in how we have increased the e-mail capture rate. That has then been complemented by the improvements in the website that were a part of the relaunch at the end of the third quarter last year. So the combination of the improvements in the website and the improvements in the point-of-sale execution in-store has really been what's been driving that inflection and acceleration in the e-mail capture rate. So we'll lap that, some of those changes really as we get into the fourth quarter of this year, and we have initiatives beyond that to continue to fuel increases in how we're capturing e-mails with our guests. 
Stuart Haselden: Well, the performance across Asia has been really strong. We have some really strong store locations in other markets, including Hong Kong and Singapore, Tokyo. But certainly, we have the greatest number of stores now in China with the greatest amount of new store openings happening in China. So we're seeing strong comp performance across all those regions in Asia. The store locations in Seoul that we opened, we're very excited to reach additional guests in that particular market. We think it's an important market across Asia and important for us to show up strong in Seoul. Similarly, as we look at Europe, Berlin is an important city in Germany. As we think about the countries where we're focused in Europe, certainly, Germany, France and the U.K. are on top of the list, and so it's important for us to have a good foot forward and have some locations there that represent the brand and help build brand awareness. So I'm pleased with how all those stores have opened and the trajectory that they're on. And as we've mentioned, the Asia stores have been off to a faster start in general, but we're pleased with the progress we're making in Europe. 
Stuart Haselden: Absolutely. We are very excited at the progress we're making against those 2020 goals that we had laid out. I would say that overall, we're on track, if not a little bit ahead, versus those plans. And you might recall, we set those goals over 2 years ago. And as you might expect, we're farther ahead in certain areas than others. Right now, what I would say is in our -- within our men's business and within e-commerce, we are running ahead of schedule, and I think that's reflected in the most recent performance that we just announced. International, I would say it's taking a little longer than planned. Asia specifically is accelerating ahead of plan and ahead of schedule, but Europe is taking a little bit longer. And we are assuming a very deliberate approach in Europe, but we're pleased with the double-digit comps that exceeded our budget in the first quarter for Europe. So we're pleased with the trajectory overall, and that we're confident that we're going achieve that $4 billion number as we had set it out. But the pieces and parts of how we get there might be a little different than we had originally envisioned. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes, we see a lot of opportunity in North America. And in 2018, we'll actually execute more real estate projects than in any other prior year. We mentioned in the prepared remarks, we're going to see a 14% increase in global square footage. We're going to see a healthy number of new store projects in North America. What's more exciting is some of the innovation that we've seen from our North American store team. Specifically, the co-located strategy has been very important success, not only for extending the square footage runway that we have in North America, but also creating an important expansion of the retail guest experience that makes space for us to grow our men's business, to add new categories potentially such as shoes. So those new categories, we couldn't fit into a 3,000-square-foot box. And so that co-located strategy becomes really important more than just growing square footage, but creating that opportunity to expand the vision of our -- of what product categories we're able to execute in a physical environment. Beyond that, the seasonal store strategy has been a very strong success story for us. We did 24 of those in 2017. Nine of those locations we kept into this year and are pursuing for permanent -- as permanent locations, and we're seeing really strong performance out of those locations. So we continue to find ways to innovate our store model in North America. We really can't think of the business in that regard. It's just a static store count number off of a sort of a uniformed store layout. It's very dynamic, and we're exploring even now and into next year new experiential strategies as part of that physical experience for our guests. So we're really excited at what's -- what the team has been able to bring to the table. And in many ways, we feel like we're just getting started. 
Stuart Haselden: Sure. On the footwear, Brian, it's, I guess, premature to call that as the major growth opportunity for us. We've been pleased with the tests that we've done with APL, and I think we've learned a lot from it. We learned that our guest is interested in buying shoes from us. That's one of the things we learned. We've also been able to develop an understanding of how to sell shoes in our stores, and in particular, where we don't carry inventory, how to execute the showrooming model. So we feel like that's a learning we can take into other categories that will make -- that will open the door for us to accomplish different things from an inventory management standpoint across a number of categories. So we've learned a lot from footwear. We're pleased with how it's performing. We're looking for opportunities to expand it even with our relationship with APL. And it's an open strategy for us to explore as we step into the future. And then on your second question with regard to the gross margin outlook for the second half, we're really pleased with the results that we've seen. The beat that we saw in the first quarter really came from the outperformance in mix and the lower markdowns. So we feel confident with the gross margin and product margin outlook that we offered. To the extent that mix and markdowns come in more favorably, there is an opportunity for us to do better. But we believe that the guidance that we provided is appropriate based on what we know at this point. And more broadly, I'm really pleased with just the journey we've seen with product margins. Much of the low-hanging fruit that we had talked about back in 2015 has been captured. We now focus on driving our segment and supply chain strategy, which will continue to help us capture AUC improvements. And we're now also shifting our attention from a supply chain standpoint to speed and to how do we reduce -- how we can reduce lead times and create new strategic flexibility in our business from a supply chain standpoint. And we're also exploring new exciting efforts to capture cost efficiencies in our distribution network, specifically how we fulfill e-com orders in North America. So we're really looking at our supply chain end-to-end and finding opportunities. And the combination of all this really connects to a multi-year road map for gross margin improvement that we see extending at least until 2020 and is contemplated in our long-range guidance that we shared previously. 
Stuart Haselden: Adrienne, it's Stuart. Why don't I address the first 2 questions that you directed my way? Then what we can -- we can have Glenn join us for the next part of it. But the international market entry, we certainly do research for each trade area, for each market. And the showroom model that we execute follows that market research. One of the key indicators that we look at is the e-commerce penetration that we see, that gives us an indication of the overall brand awareness and latent demand within each market. And so that's an important data point for us. But certainly, there are other factors that we consider, not only in international markets, but any market we enter. And so the showrooming model gives us an opportunity to feed demand, to build awareness, to develop those communities in a proven way that has proved -- that has, in fact, proven very resilient and a good indicator of where we are ready to open a store. So that model, we continue to execute. And from a product standpoint, tailoring products for the international markets, for the most part, it is a global assortment. Our regional merchants help tailor just the shape of the buy, if you will, for regional taste. We are exploring a limited number of Asia-only fits, that's a very small initial step. But as I said, for the most part, it's a global assortment. Let me pause there and see if Glenn would like to respond to your second question. 
Stuart Haselden: Oliver, thank you. It's -- the lower markdown part of the story in Q1 was really great to see. The level of full-priced markdowns, I  think, reflects the health of the business and the success that we're having executing, not only on the product side, but just in our channel execution as well. So that is putting us in a great place where we can continue to drive a very healthy full-priced business. We see that continuing into Q2 and to the balance of the year, and that's reflected in the guidance that we offered. From an inventory standpoint, very comfortable with the inventory position, the composition of it. It's very current. As we had mentioned on the Q4 call, we do expect to see some higher inventory balances in the first half of the year and in Q1 and Q2 before seeing it moderate into the second half of the year. Even with that, we're very comfortable with the inventory balances that we currently are seeing. And from a product innovation standpoint and the product innovation pipeline, that is a critical part of our broader strategy. That is something that we remain focused on as an organization, our Whitespace team, our design team, bringing newness and innovation to market that matters to our guests. And so you've seen some of that innovation from several key programs last year that we have yet to lap into this year with the ABC pant new style introductions in Q3, with the Everlux fabric introduction in the second half of last year. The ever -- and the Enlite Bra success that we've seen and continue to ramp that opportunity into 2018 and complement it with additional styles. The bra category in particular is one where we see a lot of opportunity. You're going to see new styles into the second half of the year as well as new in-store execution that -- and we view bras as a strategic part of our women's business and how we'll grow the penetration of our tops -- women's tops business. So that's certainly a focus for us. And the other things that we mentioned in the prepared remarks in terms of the zone compression is another product area that we see a lot of potential, and we're excited to introduce that later in the fall. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. We're really happy with how the men's business is performing, Paul. I think that's reflected in a number of the stats that we quoted. We're seeing, on a regional basis, the men's and women's business are kind of accelerating proportionately in the same manner. We're not seeing regional differences by gender or within genders. What I would say is we saw a really strong performance in Q1 in the Southeast in particular. And that's probably related to weather, but that was a standout region across North America. Otherwise, there was -- there weren't noteworthy regional differences. We still have seen somewhat of a headwind in Alberta, in Canada versus B.C. and Ontario. But that's a continuation of a prior trend. In terms of the percentage of new guests, we did see -- the new guests that we have acquired in the first quarter, about 30% of them were men. So that was higher than the overall level of increase, a little bit higher than the number of women that we're attracting. So again, we're really pleased with our men's trajectory. And as I mentioned earlier, we feel like we're in probably a little ahead of schedule with men's in terms of our 2020 goals. 
Stuart Haselden: It's -- we're a little higher in Asia and a little lower in Europe. And there's nothing that we would feel is alarming about that. I think it is -- I wouldn't necessarily draw any big conclusions from that strategically. That's how the business is trending now. But we still see both areas having deep opportunities for our men's business as we are able to gain success in driving awareness for it. 
Stuart Haselden: Omar, it's Stuart. So there's a couple of things we would point to. The first is the success we're finding with our digital marketing strategy. So we have -- we had just a more robust approach across a number of different elements of that digital strategy, which includes the e-mail, the success we're finding with e-mail. And I mentioned -- I described some of the factors that are giving rise to the acceleration in the e-mail capture, which is a part of the broader guest acquisition strategy. But I think it's a combination of success in digital marketing and the success broadly of the business. As we're attracting -- as we're presenting more compelling product assortments, we're attracting more guests to the brand, and we're being more efficient in how we're engaging with them once we have attracted them either to our stores or to our website. And that's a function of some of the improvements that we've made, both on the website, through the relaunch as well as what I described in terms of the POS improvements in capturing e-mail. So it's the combination of a few things. I do think it's just one thing in particular. And it just reflects the broad momentum that we're seeing across the business. 
Stuart Haselden: Sure, Sharon. And as I mentioned, the mix of gender, it's about 30% of the new guests are men or male. And so that's a little more than what is in the base business. So we're pleased to see a little higher percentage of guys being attracted to the brand. And otherwise, it's not a remarkable distinction versus our existing shareholder -- existing customer base or guest base, I should say, in terms of their demographic profile. And then to your other question regarding the office travel products that we've been exploring, the first thing I'd say there is we remain focused on solving problems for athletes. And we are a performance-oriented apparel business. So the opportunity that we have identified to leverage the technical functionality, fabrics and construction that we see in our performance products into more multi-use products, and there's a few good examples. The ABC pant in men's is probably one of the best. It's clear that our guests have an appetite for this. We're being pulled into these categories versus pushing our way into them, if you will. And it's not really new. This has been a part of our assortments, both in men's and women's, for quite some time. But we are identifying places where we can expand this. And again, it's where we're being pulled into. Our guests are asking for these types of products. And it's been, I think, an interesting or a good part of how we're evolving our product assortments. But suffice it to say, we remain focused on extending our position as a performance apparel business, and the multi-use products that we're exploring are a nice extension of those core technical capabilities that we have. 
