Christine Day: Thanks, John. And we are very excited to be in our new office, so we apologize for being a bit late on the call today, because you had executives trying to figure out how to turn on the lights in the new building, which wasn't easy for us.  I'd also like to thank everyone for joining us today, and in closing, I want to state how devastated we are, as a leadership team and a company, over the events that happened in our Bethesda store over the weekend. And the senior team flew to the market and took care of our people, the families, and we made sure that we did everything that we could to ensure that the police could cooperate with them to have effective investigation. And I'm very proud of the way our company responded to the event though horrified [indiscernible] had to. So with that, we'll turn it over to Q&A.
Christine Day: So we can take pricing on things like our special edition hoodies, and so we have deployed a strategy of doing that while keeping the core basics in line. And it's something that we'll always take a look at, but right now, we want to make sure that we have the discipline as an organization of really being efficient and effective at what we do.
Christine Day: So, on the architecture, you did see some costs come through in the fourth quarter for the new E-commerce launch, as we're getting to the final stages of that project. We had people running around the office yesterday wearing the product, they had received from all the test shipping. So we are in the soft launch stage. We feel really good about where we are for that launch. You'll also see soft mix investments in our people and store labor, and mainly in pay rates for our educators and staff team so that we'll continue to attract the best. And we are heavily focused on our supply chain systems. Now with Kathryn Henry on board, everybody here at the office is eagerly awaiting her time to get their project up next. But our main focus is on the whole supply chain end-to-end and allocations to the stores, and really getting those systems to be best-of-class. So those are the primary areas that you'll continue to see us make our investments. And then Sheree? Newness...
Christine Day: We're rebuilding, starting Q2, as the really more significant deliveries come in, and then we'll keep building. I mean, Janet, I'm ready to sell my personal closet. I mean, you can't get enough.
Christine Day: With that said, I think you will really like the line that we were just previewing yesterday. So, yes, we do see us actually introduce a lot more fabrics in the tanks that come from our other technology lines. And there's a beautiful collection of yoga tanks that Sheree and her team have designed, which were based off of the running tanks. So yes, we will be doing that. And E-Commerce percentages, I mentioned in my script, we see a midterm target of 15% as being very achievable. I will call out that we did purchase a significant amount more for the E-Commerce channel starting in Q2. And we're trying to transition the product down in a very lululemon way, so there's a very fun campaign around that. And then we'll bring it back up a little bit slowly just to make sure we don't overwhelm the site. But we have purchased more significantly for that channel starting a little earlier in the year.
Christine Day: So one of the strategies that we're working on as a company with the new E-commerce launch, and that will be the first half of the year is really just getting the platform up, making sure it's stable, introducing international, just some additional features on that, and then working on some integration and -- some, basically, just so you can keep it on the site. And then in the back half of the year, you'll see us do a lot more with an integrated digital strategy. So we'll be working on things like mobile apps and a lot more integrated guest experience. And I don't want to say anymore than that, because it's kind of fun at this time, and we want to have a little confidentiality about what we're doing. But you'll see us take a lot more of our -- community strategy online will be the basic premise of our mobile and digital strategy. And let's see, what else are we doing? The other things that we are doing, we are starting to heat up our international ad placement strategy. It's the only thing, as you know, we do is in the back of Runner's World and Yoga Journal. You will see us expand that to a more global footprint to drive those E-commerce sales as well.
Christine Day: It's not an increase overall. It probably doesn't even run total with sales growth. But, just naturally, as a percentage of sales, you've got more money in that bucket, even though it's a lower, probably, overall percentage of the sales growth rate.
Christine Day: No. We feel very good about where ivivva is. As you know, the one store that's addressing that specifically, that we closed, was one of the test stores we took over from oqoqo in Victoria. And we built it there as we were closing out that store and using the remainder of the lease period. We knew it wasn't an ideal market for the concept, but we wanted the site close by so we could work with it. And we're now relocating that store to Eastern Canada, and you'll see us open two this coming year. And we're very pleased with the sales per square foot we're seeing out of that concept now. We've really refined it into a dance, ice skating and gymnastics line, plus active wear for young women. And the response has just been incredible. So we do see, in the back half of the year, introducing E-commerce potentially for that site. Our timing will really depend on the progress we make on our main lululemon site, and we don't want to disrupt that. And if we can't make it by the back-to-school on ivivva, we would push that to the next year.
Christine Day: I would say you will really like the new short line for men's shorts that we have that's coming out for summer. I mean, we've got some really great new shorts, yes. And so I think it's just a continued focus on the basics and getting the profiles of the basics right. And we've seen a really strong response already to the men's short line that we dropped for spring. And so we'll just continue to focus on basics.
Christine Day: I think it's a pretty unsettled sourcing climate, so I think that's one thing that keeps us cautious from saying that. But as we go back to what our growth strategy is, it's very high volume, fewer stores and then reach with E-commerce, both of which giving you high-margin businesses. I think competition is the other thing that could potentially disrupt that model if we go a little bit deeper maybe in stores to make sure that we protect our reach to guests. And then as you expand into international, typically you have a little bit lower margin profile because of higher occupancy costs than labor costs. So I think overtime, as we utilize different growth strategies, you might see some different operating margin pressures from those. But we do believe that this can be a best-of-class operating margin business.
Christine Day: I'd say we still have to place our Q4 buy, and we're still trying to make sure that we have the right target and amount to anniversary that strong comp we did in Q4 of this year. So the overall number was obviously expected by the base -- the strong base that we just occurred. So that's our planning work that we're doing right now to make sure that we make sure we have enough for Q4 this year and enough going into Q1 of next year. So that's a really important short-term decision that we're making. And so we'll be able to, I think, next quarter give a little more guidance on that.
Christine Day: We were actually looking at that yesterday, and we kind of had to laugh, because they were so strong. And the smaller markets like the Tennessees just decided -- they've opened up at some of the best levels that we saw. We're really, really pleased with the 2010 store openings and the average sales that they opened. Our showroom strategy is working without exception, and every store was just a stellar opening. So Delaney and her team just did a fantastic job.
Christine Day: We definitely see our product beginning to penetrate. We just recently had somebody from the team who was in Paris and was absolutely surprised at the amount of lululemon they saw on the street. So we know that our reach is expanding internationally and the demand is really growing, which is why it's one of our first priorities on the website to convert, to have the ease of shipping internationally, including the duty tax, et cetera. So that'll be the first priority that we do, as well as in beginning local pages, in strategically following the markets that we've planned out. So right now, I can't remember the exact total off of E-commerce as a percentage of sales, but it is growing international shipments.
Christine Day: Our strategy is much more -- is kind of an in-the-know strategy as opposed to anything that's discounting. So our really loyal guests, whether it's on the social media -- that we will give them heads up for -- and since we had a special edition hoodie online, that we invited certain guests to know. We thought that product would last, what, a couple of weeks, Sheree? And it lasted a day and a half. So things are selling out very quickly online, and we know that, that's our job to bring the products in. We're a little bit short-term constrained because of the transition. We made the decision not to ship in the summer product line and bring that down so that we had it ready to go here, and with the new DC, as opposed to trying to transition all of that product. So we've learned a lot about what the guest wants online. And we've really fine-tuned the product assortment. You'll actually see us doing some broader and special online-only categories. And we see it as a real tool in the future to bring back things like classics that the guests have been asking for that we maybe don't have room in our stores. Something like the Deep V or the athletic tanks that we had. We have a lot of demand for that, but we would bring something like that back online.
Christine Day: We have substantially bought -- I don't have the number off the tip of my fingers, but we're planning for significant growth in the E-commerce channel this year. And as I've said, our midterm target is to that 15%. And we believe it's only an inventory constraint together.
Christine Day: Well, mainly, the new stores, the base of new customers, particularly if it's a market that we've just had a showroom that you're really tracking. Now they might be familiar with the brand from shopping in either online or in other cities in close proximity when they travel. So that's mainly a new guest that we would be attracting in those locations. And for the stores that we don't do a showroom, it's typically part of an expanded market strategy. So it could be the opening, the fourth or fifth store, maybe, in a city. So we wouldn't do a one-for-one with the showrooms, because those guests are already familiar. And it's through the design meetings we do and our E-commerce sales. It's rather an -- we have an integrated market strategy that we look at, that we then know that we have a lot of guest demand in a certain trade area, and so then we'll open a store as soon as we have the management team ready. So we have a very deep working list of locations for the build out that we've stated of the over 300 stores. So it's always just, for us, a proofing-out that those are the right locations. And that's the process that we follow.
Christine Day: We don't really track that data. We only have overall transactions. But just anecdotally, we know that we have a very loyal guest following that stops into the store two or three days a week. They know exactly when a product notification goes out. They know exactly when the key shipments of new products come in. It's a very interactive guest. And then we have another guest that shops in the stores but looks online and checks everything out. So we actually have put together a Facebook catalog where people can click in, that will go, as part of our digital strategy during the launch transition, to make it really easy for that guest to identify what she wants and get it at the location that she wants.
Christine Day: No and no. So it was pretty much -- we see it across -- we're actually fairly in-stock in Grooves and Astro Pants and the basics. So it's more did we order enough of the new? And that's a little more complicated to chase than the basics. So that's why it's taking us a little bit more time to get back in-stock than it would if it was just the basics that we were chasing. And then as far as regional performance, no. I mean, we've seen some areas just really taking off, such as DC and Texas in particular, and really loyal guests building in those markets. So those would be outstanding. But there wasn't any market that didn't benefit from guest demand.
Christine Day: Yes. We were closer to 60%. And with the strategies that Sheree's putting in place right now, we did just hire a tremendous new individual to join our sourcing team that brings us a lot of experience from the Adidas organization. And we also hired our General Merchandise Manager, our GMM candidate, Ruth Rosenthal [ph], who comes to us with a lot of experience from Nike. So very pleased to have those two joining our team, which will specifically target right product to right stores and increasing our manufacturing capacity.
Christine Day: Well, maybe I'll deal with the last one first, because we really look at our target list, and our goal is to have a pipeline that's 150% of the target of stores that we actually want to open. That gives us a position to only do the sites that are on the terms that we want to be on. And it's a very -- real estate costs are one of the core costs of your business model. So we take a great care. If we're only going to have 300 stores or 400 stores, they've got to be the right place, the right deal and the right terms for the long term. And we hold very firm with that, and we believe that we're a very attractive tenant that brings in a lot of traffic to the centers that we're a part of. And the landlords recognize that, so we feel very good about the deals that we've been able to cut on very favorable terms. That allowed us to have a lot of security for the long term in the business model. So on the margin, John would take that.
Christine Day: So I think there were some other follow-on effects. We had a very, very limited January holiday sale because there was no product to markdown, so that's another thing that kind of affects Q1 revenue numbers, though obviously then, margins will be stronger. We don't have enough product for a warehouse sale, so we won't be doing one of those in the near future. And showrooms are slightly different. The run rate of those, Chris, is, what, for this year right now? 47%, 48%? And those are an ongoing concern. We'll open a few -- transition a few over the year, but pretty close to that run rate of about [indiscernible].
Christine Day: We aren't really in any secondary or tertiary markets. Our strategy is to only be in kind of the primary.
Christine Day: Yes. So we're very strong demand there. Tennessee, Cleveland -- and because we operate on a little bit of a scarcity model, and we're going into the best real estate centers and real estate in those markets, there still really is a strong consumer demand at the tier of the market. If we were penetrating into BNT locations with a high density, I think we would, maybe potentially, be affected, but with our low store penetration, there's certainly enough guests in our income and demographic to support those stores.
Christine Day: Yes. We've got a lot of chased product and additional incremental that's coming in. So it's definitely building.
Christine Day: It's a little combination of both. When you don't forecast a really huge demand, you can't book the factory space. So a little bit of that was we're catching up and truing up on the forecasting. The other critical part is forecasting your fabric. On the luon, we're fine, and we actually now have brought on a second manufacturer of the luon. It's more the specialty fabrics like the Silverescent. We now have -- what is it, Sheree, 47 key fabrics instead of the original seven. So making sure we have enough fabric to bring it in. And then it's more, honestly, a short-term issue of the number of factories that shut down for what used to be a two-week -- and now, between the ramp-down and the ramp back up, you're seeing -- it almost would be a four-week impact. So it's a little bit of timing. We had a lot of product on the water and not in the air for the spring launch post-holiday. So even though we're air freighting some of the product in, it just takes a little bit longer to catch up. So we see this as a pretty short-term issue, not a longer-term, and not a manufacturing past issue. We've been on boarding new factories. They're just starting to come into play and increasing theirs. And certainly with -- the new person that we just hired is experienced. She's already brought a tremendous number of new factories that we've already begun production with.
Christine Day: But I think you will see us put effort on opening an increased number of stores over time, especially if we see them performing. And there, we always want to make sure we get it right with engagement in the local community and our people. And that's the first priority. And when we have a really great management team ready to go, you'll see us accelerating the stores.
Christine Day: Obviously, the biggest one in the short term is this E-commerce transition, which -- the first phase of cold launch will happen on April 15. And then there's a phase of stabilization, and then we'll be adding new capability and technology, including our digital strategy, to that platform. Our next biggest focus is the end-to-end supply chain. We've been undergoing a business process project with KSA, which is not only identified current state but future state of our supply chain, and the end-to-end systems that we need to really manage and be best-in-class in supply chain. And so that will be a significant portion of our investment and time. We've been working on a PLM, which is a product life cycle management system. And so that will be one of the first priorities that go in, as well as the planning and forecasting and the allocation down to the stores. Systems are things that we're continually refining. When the original systems were put in place almost three years ago now, the vision of the company, prior to my arrival, was that it would be a North American-only retail company. We're obviously now multi-channel, multi-concept, multi-geography. So there will be increased investment in just even our core and basic financial systems to go into multi-currency. So that would be probably the next set, as well as things like business intelligence, data warehouse management, just the things that you need as you get to be a bigger company. And I forgot, we have our new HRS system going live in April. So our new HR system, which gives us complete online management. Up to now, we've basically had a payroll system, and now we will have a complete people management system effective April.
Christine Day: I think we're obviously going to be smart about the decisions that we make. And if cotton continues to have poor crops, then it's a constant demand issue, we're obviously, in a longer-term situation, going to have to address what we think that is. Right now, what I want to be really careful of is that we don't build a culture of relying on pricing to solve issues. And obviously, when you have tremendous raw materials and labor costs, we're going to have to do something at some point. But right now, we still have a lot of room for efficiency, effectiveness. We have a lot small inefficiencies across the company. So keeping a discipline of working on those issues first, and then being smart in pricing, as Sheree said, to the value of the garment. And we also -- we do look at what happens in our competitors, and what are they pricing garments at, what qualities that they're pricing at, and we have a lot of people trying to come into this space. And the one thing that I'm very, very confident of is the quality of garment and construction design and value to the guest at the price we offer is exceptional. And by just continuing to take price increases, we leave a lot of room for competition. So we look at it from a very holistic perspective. And we also can distort the line, as I said earlier, by doing special edition hoodies, and, as Sheree said, increasing the value and construction of some garments. We will higher-price those, but keep our basic quality goods at a price that's very attractive.
Christine Day: Again, just thank you, everyone, for joining us for the quarter. And we're looking forward to a great 2011. So thank you, everyone.
John Currie: Let me start, and then maybe Sheree can kick in. To put it into perspective, as I said, our inventory is up 30% year-over-year. But if you go back two years, last year was actually down 15% from the prior year. So we're coming into this year only 15% higher in inventory than we were two years ago. We have a cleaner inventory position, so our inventory turns are stronger, but we're still significantly under-inventoried on a historical basis. In terms of getting back in stock, our ability, as I said, there's some ability to accelerate deliveries into April. To a large extent, that's taken from Q2. So we'll continue to be inventory-constrained through the first half of the year. We've placed deeper buys into Q3, and we still have an opportunity to place a deeper buy again into Q4, which we will.
John Currie: Yes. We do traffic counts in about -- a little under 1/3 of the stores. So it's fairly representative. About 3/4 of the comp increase came from traffic, about 20% from conversion, and the balance by slightly higher average dollar per transaction.
John Currie: Overall, and going back to the comments we've made on calls before, for the first half of the year, we see about 150 basis points of gross margin compression coming from inflationary costs, like labor in China, et cetera, and in cotton as well as nylon and other. We expect that to be somewhat higher for the third quarter where we placed the buy. It's probably closer to 200 to 225 basis points of gross margin compression. We're not quite there on Q4, but I'd expect something similar for Q4.
John Currie: Well, as I said, in total, it's five lululemon stores in North America plus one ivivva in Q1. The number for Q2 will be similar, possibly one or two more, with the weighting and the openings primarily Q3. So there's obviously some shift between -- quarter-to-quarter, but that's our target for the first couple of quarters.
John Currie: Starting with SG&A. I see the leverage coming more in the second half. As I said, some of it comes from the shift in the model from E-commerce, which happens the end of Q1, that will really ramp up, again, in the second half, and then more leverage as our volumes increase from new stores and comp sales increases in the second half. Sorry, your question on gross margin, probably it was 150 basis points that we're seeing right now. Looking at -- that's the unmitigated.
John Currie: The pluses and minuses -- 150 basis points of sourcing pressure in the first half, as I said, maybe more like 225 basis points in the second half -- occupancy and depreciation and some efficiency partially offsetting that.
John Currie: Yes. We came in a little over 25% this year. We like to, as I said, we're looking at staying relatively flat with that this year. And I think, with our business model, we should be able to continue to invest in growth and deliver an operating margin somewhere in that range. It might be a little bit lumpy up and down, but that's a great new target, I think.
John Currie: No. I mean, there's a lot of moving pieces in the revenue for the year, so I just gave revenue guidance.
John Currie: Again, there's lots of offsetting pluses and minuses, and our crystal ball for the full year is still kind of foggy. Part of it is additional air freight will be incurred this year to get back into stock. So our air freight expense will be higher than it was in 2010. And, again, the main driver offsetting those pressures is efficiency coming from our new DC and leverage on occupancy and depreciation.
John Currie: Yes, let me take that. I mean, on the margin, a couple of things. Q4 is always a little bit lower because there's higher outerwear component that carries a lower margin. But in general, and as I said, even in Q4, we were starting to be impacted by the inflationary pressures on sourcing. The things that offset that and put us into the positive are more some efficiencies, and because of our strong sell-through. So markdowns, for example, were very low. We started the quarter in a better inventory position than compared to a year ago, so even air freight was lower in Q4. And then because we sold-through so strongly, being left with low inventory positions -- reserves for things like obsolescence didn't need to be as high as they have been in the past. So it's those types of efficiencies in the supply chain that drove the higher margin.
John Currie: I will, because it's a tough one this year. February, we still had a reasonable short-term inventory position, so the demand continued until we were basically selling fumes. And so March, we've really had the shortness in inventory. And then we're hoping that April gets back to the trend that we were seeing back in February. So it started strong. March has been weak, understandably, and we're expecting some rebound when inventory comes in.
John Currie: Boy, what would our comp be if we had inventory? That's a dangerous question to try to answer. But I think your suggestion of 20% would be realistic. Then again, I don't give monthly guidance, but that's what we were seeing in February. Regarding E-commerce, under the present platform, which is outsourced and therefore there's a variable fee based on revenue, that entire fee goes through SG&A, and there's no leverage on it. So as volumes increase, we get a big hit coming through SG&A. That will change with the transition in the middle of April. Overall, E-commerce is a stronger operating margin than the rest of the business by up to 10%.
John Currie: Yes. We're in the fortunate position of not really being constrained by capital. I think our constraint is just how many initiatives can a management team and the rest of our staff really handle effectively at any point in time? I don't know how best to answer that other than that.
John Currie: Well, no. Even that, I'm not sure how it's broken out. I mean, there's a very high gross margin, in part because, obviously, there's no occupancy and depreciation. Then down on SG&A. As I said, we have the key to the third-party provider, but we avoid store-based compensation, et cetera. So I think it's a matter of walking you through the details in the 10-K, and we can do that on a follow-up call.
Sheree Waterson: Sure. We are taking measures, and have been, to increase our safety stock overseas and to create a cushion that's even more significant than we have in the past. We're doing this by going deeper with our current manufacturing partners, as well as adding new ones with more flexible capacity that will allow us to sell different types of goods, knits, wovens and some very complex designs that we produce.
Sheree Waterson: Obviously, we always look at our price architecture. But our bias is to actually hold on all of our core items and all of our key items. When we design a line, there is so much newness created, and with that, many times complexity and technical details, and so on and so forth. And we have always had a philosophy of pricing for the value of the garment, and we will continue to do so.
Sheree Waterson: Sure. We're going to continue to focus on diversifying yoga. So you will see our focus on hot yoga as well as other forms of flow and so forth. We also have a little capsule of yoga surf coming up, and we will continue to explore capsules, to look at different technologies and different technical design features and garments. In terms of our run line, we are introducing a new run short, which we are really excited about, as well as, again, focusing on UV as we did last year. And those are our big ones.
Sheree Waterson: This is Sheree. Our Men's business was introduced to lululemon to create an amazing atmosphere for our guests. And currently, Men's hovers around 12% to 15% of the business. We are nurturing the Men's business and fine-tuning the assortments. And as we're doing that, we can see the demand increasing. The future of Men's is -- since we always are thinking in the possibility there, there are things that we could do. But currently, Men's is part of who we are at lululemon.
