Christine Day: Thank you, John. In closing, we want to wish you all a happy holiday season and thank our store managers and hard working design, merchandising, supply chain and SSE teams for their contributions to our successful quarter.  With that, we'll turn it over to questions. 
Christine Day: We put her to work right away. So really the first project that she's focusing on are really, are whole e-commerce transitions because she's really making sure that that platform is going to be ready to go for us, making sure that we work through any security business processes as well as profitable organizations. So she's really been tightening up our risk management, I guess all the professional systems that you need but really the other big project that we have underway is our PLM project, which is really critical to vendor management in the supply chain and really tracking everything from our fabric manufacturing forecasting base, final that together so that we can get even more efficient in our supply chain. And support Sheree with the information that she needs to continue to make great product decisions. So those are the first ones.  We're also working on; the next pieces will be business intelligence so that we're really just getting more accurate data across our organization as we grow. We can't do everything by spreadsheets anymore. So that's another key focus of hers will be on that and ultimately gearing up for the next level of our financial systems and then we also launch our HR IS system early next year as well so we have a lot of your basic infrastructure systems still being built.
Christine Day: We're not yet. We're really just focused on serving the customer's that come in to our e-commerce line which right now counts for about 6%, 7% of sales. Kind of split between, top markets are U.K., Germany, Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan are really kind of the top market for us. And so right now because our existing platform really doesn't facilitate very easy sales for those guests, with the new platform when we're ready to start handling orders in a way that I think will satisfy the guest and until we have that in place it doesn't do much good to us to simulate a bad guest experience in our minds so we'll wait until we have that platform in a little more robust form and then we'll work on local pages and currencies by targeted markets as we go forward with the e-commerce platform.  As far as showrooms, we are very pleased with the Hong Kong showroom performance. It tells us there's a lot of market demand in that market but we're not ready yet to take it to a full store rollout. And we really have just a very small presence in the U.K. with one primary wholesale account that we have there and we're just opening a few more wholesale accounts in that market. That's really about it right now. 
Christine Day: I think we're always interested in changing our game. I think we've begun a planning team for what we call stores of the future. I mean we're really looking at future lines, will have and how many square feet to carry everything but that's so, just basically the beginning of a concept team so it's going to be a couple of years before you see us do anything as we work through everything from the supply chain because it's not just about a store design, it's about how do you evolve your business. And that takes a lot more time to plan so (inaudible) but we are working on a short-term fixturing and other things as we kind of incorporate new lines.  We've hired a very talented designer who works in house with us as well. And he's working on things like unique storefront. We do outsource the majority of the construction documents so we don't do that part of it but we definitely have increased our support for that future.
Christine Day: If you've been on it you've noticed that we did post a new skin and we did a (inaudible) testing on the existing site to make sure we survived the Oprah onslaught that we got with a lot of visitors. So we did some testing, put a new skin on there. You can see already that we have a lot of new photography on the site because we've taken that in-house so we can really control the quality. The models are more like our models and in terms of how we want to project the brand and the products shows up so much better. So we're really happy with either some short-term changes and then have more planned once we launch the new site. So we follow an, execute what you can well strategy, so we'll phase in some of the changes rather than try to go live with a big bang. 
Christine Day: I think in terms of your questions on key members of the management team, we are just taking off a search for a head of e-commerce and we want to bring in somebody with some global experience in that position. We've done it to protect the brand and grow it from the brand base with our internal talent and with that move Deanne, who has been heading that has moved to head our global brand and we're very excited about that because she knows it. And we don't, as you know do marketing in the traditional way, so we need somebody who understands how to do that internally. And then we'll continue, we really feel like we've built a lot of our supply chain, came out this year but we do have a head of R&D coming in and a creative person in Sheree, so that we're continuing to really create the vision for the future and have innovation as a regular part.  As you get bigger and the process part takes up a lot of your management time, you need to make sure that you have those centered innovations for the future. So definitely a slow down in terms of any kind of key positions at the executive level but you will see IT investments because we don't have a lot of the robust systems yet for the level of growth that we see coming in the complexity of the business and so those will be the major investments.
Christine Day: Well as you know we've got currently 48 showrooms out there right now and what we really do is watch them and we've got a very strong pipeline for next year, for the majority, like about 50% of over 605 of the deals are in the pipeline but we actually wait and vette them until the strongest of the showrooms. We then execute but you'll see about half of them will be from those new showrooms and about half will be in sale in existing markets. So kind of continuing with the strategy that you've seen us execute this year. 
Christine Day: I would say that core is really where our guests were responding and just to echo what John was saying, our new guests that are adopting us particularly in the United States tend to love our core jackets and pants, like a groove pant, or designed jacket and so on and so forth and so it's just a natural mix shift, actually that's responding to demand and the great news is it's a very healthy shift for the business. 
Christine Day: Well, I would just maybe call out our Nashville store opening which some people would consider, and second market probably one of our record store openings for the year. So having a showroom there, community response was fantastic. We just got a tremendous amount of loyalty in those smaller markets that make those stores for us very, very productive. 
Christine Day: Yes, we are. We're holding our retail strategies constant. We, our strategy is to maintain optimal value to our guests so that's what we're executing right now.
Christine Day: Last quarter we did have some overrun costs. We had costs but in the last quarter but this quarter would have been straight savings. 
Christine Day: There is, typically about because it's an earlier stage market growth story, they're very much following the same curve as we saw in the U.S. market and we've really focused this last year on addressing the counter seasonal issue, improving their seasonal color and assortment and related fabric and that's really give them the ability to drive sales and once they've gotten to a certain level of sales they've also now focused much more on their community initiatives which are also really driving that so it's a great market, it' a very athletic women's market and we just had a recent visit there and very, very pleased with our operation there. 
Christine Day: Definitely roll out wholesale. I think that each market has particular circumstances where you use a different model and our preference would be to be at least in a majority ownership, operator role in key market and then there are other markets where I would prefer to have a licensed relationship with the right partner. That's the due diligence that we're working on now in terms of prioritizing markets, looking to the underlying business models but you know we haven't made the decision to go yet, but the decision that our board will make after we give them our roadmap and strategy. And the reality is we still have tremendous growth in the U.S. to focus on and that delivers the most short-term value to the shareholders so we want to make sure we protect and execute that in our e-commerce strategy first before we get distracted by the complexity of managing international. 
Christine Day: Very little Oprah direct, you saw a little bit of a bump in our e-commerce channel during that week but we already had a pretty strong ramp so I think it was hard to track the individual. We certainly did sell more of the relaxed fit pants during that week but we also saw sales of all pants go up so I think it had a halo effect. But we also then had an equally strong week the next week so I think it's just part of the overall holiday ramp. We of course only knew a few weeks in advance that we would be selected so we weren't able to certainly bring in any big product and she typically doesn’t' like it if you promote off of that which we didn't do and really honored the relationship we have with her which is important. So it was nice but the reality was it was a very smooth growing sales ramp so healthy, profitable quarter.
Christine Day: Regarding the product onsite it is all of the core product and it does receive all of the seasonal products as well. The buys are separate so it goes through it at a different rate than we see in the stores. There is a small and if (inaudible) mix shift a little more core product on that channel than we see in the overall stores which we feel very good. And we do some, occasionally some special things on the e-commerce site for that guest. We did a unique hoodie for them that went really well and then we do carry some shoulder items a little bit longer, are available on those after we pull them out of the stores. Some of the outerwear garments would be an example of that so there's minor differences but from time to time but the reality is it's probably about 98% of the core stock. 
Christine Day: So it's a very, as we said earlier in my comments, a very strong contributor to gross margin and operating margin for the business.
Christine Day: I think the number one thing I'd say is it a great product but it's also the great guest experience that happens in our stores. You know the community outreach that our managers do, our educators, they're so involved. And I think if you go into our stores you really experience a different experience as a guest and very friendly, happy, animated educators teaching you about the products and creating a great guest experience. And people are looking for that and I think that's another big part of what's driving our business.
Christine Day: Sheree's favorite topic. We don't have enough time to talk about it as much as I'd love to but anyway Silverescent is, Silverescent is a fantastic fabric for us. I fabric for us really understands the value of it and we are developing extensions of that line. Some of which you are seeing in the store right now so if you go over to our Lincoln Square store, in the front on the left you can see we have a new Silverescent line, jackets, pants, tank tops, et cetera, which are unbelievable performance garments and so we definitely see the possibilities there for Silverescent and other extensions to follow which we'll be able to announce in the future. But the price elasticity there, depending on what fabric it is, it obviously carries a premium. And so it's a very special yarn. Its yarn that is produced by a manufacturer that does hospital grade items highest and so it's of the very highest quality, which is why it's so difficult to find it. We're the only people that actually carry this yarn.Jennifer Black – Jennifer Black & Associates: Oh. Okay. It is a fantastic line and then I wondered if you could just speak to your limited edition product and special edition product? Are you happy with that? Will you be doing more of that throughout the year? Just any comments.
Christine Day: We will in our hoodie’s for sure and there's other core items that we're going to be doing special edition on. One of them was in the store if you could have gotten it in time which would have been, we have a cool razor back tank with ruffles on the back and it has been superb and really the fine jacket with ruffles and they, and one of our other jackets which also has been pretty unbelievable and has pretty much sold out.Jennifer Black – Jennifer Black & Associates: Okay, fantastic. I think that's it for my questions. Good luck.
Christine Day: I just want to thank everyone for joining us today and again to thank everyone who contributed to our success for the quarter and wish you all a happy holiday season. Thank you. Happy Holidays.
John Currie: Actually, our outlook is still pretty similar to what we talked about at the end of the Q2. For 2011, we see compression of our gross margin of about 150 basis points coming from various inflationary pressures, whether it's fabric pricing, labor in China, et cetera and that's still our outlook for next year. A little bit of that, we will start to see that in Q4, didn't impact us very much in Q3 of this year though.
John Currie: Okay. Well looking at the comps, again this quarter it was driven by traffic and conversion. With the limited counting that we have traffic was up in the low 20s, conversion was up below 10%. That's what's driving the comp. It was not driven by pricing. The average transaction is about the same as it's been recently. Units per transaction up just slightly. I think that's maybe because we're a little better stocked on accessories, which are adding to but not the overall. 
John Currie: The average transaction is slightly higher on e-commerce. In terms of product mix, we tend to sell more of our core technical product online. I think because on e-commerce people are discovering the brand and establishing their wardrobe as opposed to adding their wardrobe. 
John Currie: Think about it as the unmitigated impact of inflation and yes we continue to see opportunities for efficiency improvements. I mean, not material enough to call it in the comments but we do have our new U.S. DC in place now, which is delivering some savings. So that's the maximum impact and of course leverage on occupancy and depreciation and other fixed costs, dependent on what our comp store sales are going to be next year, hopefully we'll largely offset that inflationary impact. 
John Currie: Let me take the gross margin question and then maybe Sheree can answer your other question. In fourth quarter because of the seasonality we expect the leverage unfixed cost to give us versus stronger gross margin than Q3 and sourcing cost pressures again, they're impacting some of the inventory buys now but because it's taking an inventory turn for those to really come through the 150 basis points that we're talking about for next year, it might be a third of that that impacts Q4. 
John Currie: I'd say we're closer to having caught up on the underfunded areas that were the result of cutbacks in 2008 and 2009. But with the additions in 2010, just the run rate the new members of the team will increase SG&A next year and beyond that as I said, we're into the more discretionary investments and expenditures, discretionary but necessary to continue to grow the platform for the future. And again we're just at the point of working on and finalizing our budget for next year so I don't want a too specific guidance for SG&A levels next year but that's what we're dealing with. We're trying to continue to leverage the business model but make the right investments to make sure that the growth continues. 
John Currie: Yes. Sorry let me just clarify. Yes, up slightly over last year. I mean we're getting into precision that's beyond the guidance that I want to give. 
John Currie: Okay and as I said on the last call coming into Q3 we were comfortable with our inventory levels of forward sales. I'd say the same thing coming into Q4. That would, this kind of relationship between inventory and forward sales we'd like to continue, of course it depends on whether we have outperformed. We could end up somewhat short but we're pretty happy with the inventory position coming into this quarter. 
John Currie: Okay. Yes, the mix shift, I wouldn't say it was deliberate but we like it not just because it was a shift towards our highest margin products but it was a shift towards our core technical products. The real foundation of the company and as I said earlier I think it reflects the fact that we're attracting new guests. The shift in outerwear again, not anything dramatic or deliberate. It's just the drop of our outerwear which is again, this year for a brief period of time, came a little bit later so some of it was Q3 and some of it will be Q4 and the outerwear being a higher price point, slightly lower gross margin. 
John Currie: Again, we're moving from a third party, DC so we're comparing a per item per touch, the arrangement to our own operation. 
John Currie: Okay, on your first question and again, I haven’t done the math to check my answer but of course e-commerce is a growing impact on the non-store part of our sales increase. Australia is now in there where it wasn't last year. Those are the big things that would, my answer without having a chance to think more about your question.  
John Currie: And in terms of comparison to last year, we were expecting month to month within the quarter to be, we were lapping more challenging comps because last year Q3 the sales ramped up each quarter. What we found in the end though was that our comp was fairly level throughout the quarter. 
John Currie: Maybe I can start with the logistics question. Currently we're working with a fully out service model although we do keep the inventory and do our own distribution out of our Canadian EC for the Canadian market. In the U.S. it's a separate inventory held in the third party DC so it's as a result, more so in Q2 than Q3 you saw stock outs on line because we really couldn't shift inventory between channels very easily. That will be addressed as we shift to more of an in-house, e-commerce model, which as Christine mentioned we'll be doing in Q1 of next year and so the inventory for e-commerce, although we'll buy for it separately it will be held within the same EC as our inventory for store fulfillments so transfer between channels will become easier.
John Currie: I think it's really goes beyond what's happening in the macro economy. I think it's driven by more and more guests discovering the brand. It's driven by great products that keep getting better and it's very difficult to predict. 
Sheree Waterson: We just finished summer buy second quarter and we'll be placing third quarter in December and January. 
Sheree Waterson: So to your running question, Liz. I think your friends are sort of describing what's happening with run overall. We're very happy welcome to the run penetration at 20%. What we currently have in stores has been very successful. The power of Cozy is winning so the running we want tops the EC has been extremely strong at retail because of their working capability and because they're so comfortable to wear. And that's both in men’s and in women’s and then the layering systems that our design team has created so there's a layer close to the body that's generally Silverescent so looking anti (inaudible) wear with a mid layer and also outerwear has proven to really satisfy our running guests needs. We also have running tights and son on and are running accessories to match for cold weather, caps, gloves, neck warmers, et cetera. and so the guest is really responding to have the whole layered look and that's for, it functions best that way and I think that our serious running customer is really responding very well. And the wool layer is fantastic if you haven't tried that yet, Liz.  
Sheree Waterson: Last year was when we were, hi, this is Sheree. Last year was when we rolled out to all stores so we have been maintaining it at about 20% and the guests are responding in a very healthy way. Right now we're happy with that mix because yoga is still the core of our business and at any rate we're going to hold steady for the time being.
Sheree Waterson: Hi, this is Sheree. Men's is about, between 10 and 12% of the business. Men's is ramping at a slightly higher rate than women's currently but is on much lower base and some of that is due to our Canadian guests as opting at a more rapid rate than they have in the past. The mix, typically the technical mix in Men's has improved considerably and will continue to improve going forward and we'll base our judgment on our performance going forward. I would have to say though that men's is, men's although there is opportunity we are primarily a retailer to women at this point in time and we can look at other opportunities for the future for that gender.
