Christine Day: Thank you, John. As always, we have deep appreciation to our educators and people in our stores, our guests and the team here at the Support Centre that make all of this possible. We feel very fortunate to be in a position to reinvest our leverage into future growth opportunities, creating great value for our shareholders.  With that, we'll open it up for questions. 
Christine Day: Great. I think to answer your other question, I want to be really, really clear that our first thing that we always do is put the beautiful details into our core basics and technical athletic apparel, and it's that ability to then cross over into the active wear, casual wear and out that we're always looking to do. It's transformable clothing. So I want to be really clear that we aren't shifting the brand to fashion. We -- it's always technical apparel first, and what we believe we do better than anyone in the world is create such beautiful athletic products that it can be used for multipurpose. And it's always that transformability, whether we're doing it in cycling or we're doing it commuting or anything else. What we're always exploring is the way that you make function with beautiful detailing become fashion. 
Christine Day: Great. Thanks, Omar. Our focus on -- has been primarily on consistent great inventory flow. And when we talk about innovation, I want to be really clear that the first innovation that we focus on is in the existing product. And then we do, do other innovation that we're testing, but that's for us, for future growth and concepts, and it's not our primary growth lever. It's even innovation in core and basic product, and it's also the ability to innovate, which we've really been focusing on this last year. And part of the reason we made the decision with chase, not to do as much chase, was we moved from a 10-month calendar to a 9-month calendar, which allows us to time perfectly, bringing the fashion detailing and elements that we see on the runway and the new trends into our stores on a very quick cycle that we believe is a competitive advantage. So that focus and getting that right is part of what we mean when we talk about the word "innovation," used in the general term. So we don't feel like we need to invent new aspects of our business to continue our growth. I want to be really clear about that. What we do and spending our time doing it best in the world is our biggest growth lever. So that and flowing that great product faster and more effectively into our stores has been our #1 focus. So rather than reacting and trying to just get more stuff to meet sales demand, which we believe would be a short-term strategy, that would not position us where strategically we want to be for a brand, long term. There's a cost when you have more stuff, and if you get -- buy the wrong stuff or too much stuff and you tire out the guests where you have to mark it down, that's the cycle we always want to be in a position of avoiding by focusing on reinventing our core product and putting the best product out in the market every season. And that's the difference between what we were doing before, which was a little bit of just chasing stuff, which we could do. But I think long term, that's not the right strategy. 
Christine Day: Yes. And our factories because -- I also just want to be clear: We have not opened any new mills. Our current mills are growing with us. And that means they do have new lines and new equipment, and so there's investments that they're making, and they have new employees. And so we want -- we've always been very careful about where their investments are to keep pace with us. And that partnership is really important, and we always forecast, and the numbers that we give are based on their capability and our capability, delivering quality at every step of the way. 
Christine Day: Well, you saw us recently open 5 showrooms in the U.S., and pleased to say they're all doing very well. Very excited about the prospects of ivivva. We're seeing very strong sales per square foot in the concept. But for us, it's still let it perk and grow it. We're not quite ready to pull the trigger because we have some other things that we want to focus on first to grow it, but very, very pleased with where it's coming along. And guest demand is growing, e-commerce sales are growing. So everything is where it should be, and we feel great. The product is really great for fall, by the way, too. 
Christine Day: It was such a mistake to ease out the Still Pant; we've heard that loud and clear. So the Still Pant will be coming back. And reinvented Still Pant will be coming back, Sheree is saying to me. So I think our guests can rest assured we've heard their feedback, and that will be back in the lineup. We are not planning on introducing larger sizes. If you took all of our colors and styles in our size of store and added additional sizes, we just physically cannot put the product in the size stores that we have today. And so that's, for us, the primary reason because there are so many other categories and things that we can focus on with our core guests, that, that's going to continue to be our focus. 
Christine Day: Boy, I'll tell you, we are just continuing to be so pleased at the response to that just basic core yoga business, and it also includes, obviously, the gym fitness studio. From a guest perspective and a consumer perspective, those markets are still growing. And we've been able to grow with them or even drive the growth of those segments based on the product. And we still see, particularly in the States, it is a very technical athletic guest that is purchasing the product. In Canada, because we have a more mature market state, you probably see a little bit more mix with that. There's -- we're still performing very well in both markets, but I'll let John give you the breakdown. 
Christine Day: What I think is important, too, is it's not just the comps. The dollar in average sales per square foot increase year-over-year in a store is very huge, which -- and it's driven by transactions, which is more purchases. So guest demand is growing in a very real way. And that's our continued focus is to really drive our core lines of yoga and run with that consumer because that's where the demand is. 
Christine Day: So we're doing -- maybe I'll start with the second question. We definitely see a strong correlation to our grassroots marketing in driving e-commerce sales. And Australia, where we turned the website on live last quarter, localized to the market to match localized assortment, pricing, has been growing -- matches the same growth rate we saw early on in our U.S. conversion to the website. So very pleased with the results there and how we really were able to sync local pricing, local product with great consumer response in the market. The same thing will be occurring in Hong Kong. We're timing the opening of the second showroom to match the launch of the localized website, so that all of our pricing and offering can match as well. So very excited about that, seeing great demand. We're ready for a store in Hong Kong, to be honest. It's about getting the team ready with the second showroom so that we have enough staff so that we can open. And we'll -- we anticipate being able to talk about that for next year. So great progress in Hong Kong. London, we had both the showroom and we had an athlete's house during the Olympics. We had a lot of activity going on there. We do anticipate planning additional showrooms in the London market. So seeing great response and great crossover to the e-commerce sites. The other things, we are seeding additional markets, which I won't name right now. But we do have activity going on with ambassadors, with yoga events, Yoga Journal conferences in far more markets than that, where we're building our relationships in advance of going in with showrooms. So we feel very confident about our international future and creating desire in these markets. We've had great response from guests, and we do see some classic favorites starting to emerge even in the international markets. So I believe that the product translates beautifully internationally. And we've had to make far fewer adjustments even in Hong Kong to size and other layering systems or fabrics. We seem to be able to do it beautifully with the product that we have. 
Christine Day: So when you say process constraints, you mean because we oversold when we were catching up in the quarter... 
Christine Day: Yes. I think what you're seeing is a much more -- so I think the focus was really for the back half of the year in terms of getting back to really investing in product. The first half of the year, you saw us do more color, but probably not as much detailing and style innovation as we would really have liked to have done in the line. And you'll see that really coming out in the fall and winter drops that are just coming up. So it takes a while for that to get to the markets, so just to talk about those expectations. So yes, you did see more color coming through throughout the first half of the year and particularly into fall. We've got some great color in the store right now. So what you also saw was better flow of product and less airfreight, so we are being able to, on a more normalized basis, drop the product to our desired cadence. We're still not all the way to where want to be. We still believe that we can optimize that and continue to improve it, but we've made a lot of progress in the stores, in smoothing deliveries with using things like late-night drops and early morning. So we're getting more flexibility from our supply chains, that the stores can get the product to the floor faster, which has been a focus of ours, getting ourselves ready for the holiday season and for next year. So we've learned a lot this year about how to do it within normal kind of daily process. So I think we've made good process -- progress. Some of the systems implementations we've done have also helped to make the work of our merchants and allocators easier, and we'll continue to do work in that space as well. So I think I've answered your first 2. I'll let John do direct to consumer and Sheree do accessories. 
Christine Day: And as usual, we've also worked very strongly to make sure we have a strong entry point into Q1, which gives us a little bit of flexibility. But we're very cautious not to oversell Q4 and set up Q1 for a disappointment. So it's that right cadence that we can execute consistently that we're looking to deliver. 
Christine Day: We just were looking at the prototypes yesterday. So be prepared to shop in January. That's all I can say... 
Christine Day: Primarily for us, it was the bright neons, which are very difficult to put on fabric, and we pushed the color limits pretty intently. So we did have bleeding with Paris Pink and a couple of small isolated issues, which were very hard for us to track down, in a couple of other colors that were also bright neons that came in the second quarter. So because we want to strategically continue to push the envelope with bright colors, we did bring in a color expert who's done an amazing job, and we've learned a lot of great new tricks from him, so we're actually very excited about even new capabilities. So the silver lining in having an issue with Paris Pink was that it created actually more opportunity for us. And so by changing some simple rinse agents and a couple of other things that we've worked on with the manufacturers and the mills, we feel very comfortable now with the product and being able to do our strategic intent, which is push colors and maintain quality. 
Christine Day: I think our focus is -- we don't do gift-giving and we don't do, like, special promotions, discounts, whatever. That's not our MO, and we don't do big advertising. What we need to do better than any anyone else in the world is get our product into our stores. And what I'm so excited about in looking at the protos of the line that's coming in for holiday and beyond is we have some incredible outerwear layering system crossover pieces that will be really delivered for the holiday season, so these great running pants that can also be used for cross-country skiing. These -- Sheree mentioned the names, but if you saw the style and detailing behind the "what the fluff?" jackets and how they can be used for running, outerwear, things like cross-country skiing or active outerwear, just being out and about. These -- they're beautiful. They're incredible. The amount of transformability, which is what we always focus on, it's the best I've seen. Chip said this was the best line he's ever seen us do. So we are very excited about the product that we have dropping and our effort to innovate and bring beautiful style into function. And that's our holiday plan. 
Christine Day: And I just want to supplement one thing in the mall versus street from a strategy perspective. We have focused on only being in very strong malls. We've had a real estate strategy of not bundling or taking weaker malls, and we go to life centers or streets, which allow us to really drive our business through community. So I think compared to other retailers, we don't see the variability when you have either low occupancy or vacancies in malls or lower traffic drops in B malls. Because we're only in those stronger malls, we tend to perform very consistently there, and we can do a lot more in our own street and community business to drive traffic in local communities. So the strength of our real estate strategy drives the strength of our business. 
Christine Day: Definitely as we become more sophisticated in our planning and allocation, getting the right product to the right store is always a focus, particularly seasonally. And I think that, really, you'll see our efforts in that really kick in for next year, making sure that we use our advanced allocation system that will help us get right product at the right time, plus time the drops and adjust for weather a little better than we have in the current year and years past. 
Christine Day: Well, I'm just answering the second one first is, I don't know that I believe -- our e-comm levels of inventory are great. We definitely see, as we've had more color, they're intended to drop for a week only. So if you don't -- or like 3 weeks only. If you don't buy pretty quickly, then you're not going to get them, and that's actually by design. So that's not an inventory level issue. That's a strategy, as part of our scarcity, so that we aren't putting everybody in the same outfit, that there is a limited availability of certain styles and colors. And that's our model. So those aren't inventory challenges. That's the model at work and working beautifully to sell the majority of our products at full price. And that's how our model works. So I wouldn't want to be -- I wouldn't call those inventory problems. That's brand strategy. And your second one for ivivva, what are we looking for? It's really about building the team. We just had the leader of the team go on leave. And so we've had Paul Zaengle, our head of e-commerce, take over the team, and he's doing a great job. He's rolled out the showrooms and brought even, I think, a better leadership and business discipline to the business. So really pleased with how that transition has gone. And we just need to give him some time to get the brand and the business and know it, so that he can lead it into the future expansion. So it's really just the timing for us. From an economics perspective, we're very pleased from a growing brand desire. But it's always our desire to grow organically and be pulled into the market rather than do things that would push. And so it's the more authentic, true belonging that we're looking for with our consumer, even our young woman that purchases at ivivva. We're seeing great product loyalty, and we're going to continue to work on getting those great pieces. And we've seen some feedback over the line people want us to bring back. We got very dance-focused, which has been great. But we've had a lot of people come and ask us for the product that was more broader in use, and so you'll see us bring a little bit more of that back in into the next few seasons because the demand is really there. 
Christine Day: I want to thank everyone for joining us and hope you have a great fall. And we'll talk to you soon. Thank you. 
John Currie: Inventory flow continues to be what seems to drive our sales. At the start of the quarter, it was a bit choppy, in early May, ticked up and ebbed and flowed through the quarter. In the quarter, July was our strongest month because inventory flow was stronger. And that will always continue to be a very short-term factor within each quarter. 
John Currie: No, I'm sorry, I should clarify. This adjustment is ongoing long term. So yes, and I'd only quantify it by saying there's other factors that cause minor fluctuations in our tax rate. Next year -- not that I'm giving next year guidance yet, but income will shift a little bit more towards the U.S., so that 29.5% next year is likely to be more like 30%. But the benefit that we're seeing is ongoing. 
John Currie: Yes. As we've seen through most of 2011, Canada is solidly comp-ing mid-single digits, which is good for a mature business; the U.S., comp-ing in the mid-20s; Australia actually coming along a little higher than that, about 30%. In terms of transaction metrics, I mean, our comp came pretty much entirely from transactions, a combination of mostly traffic and higher conversion. 
John Currie: Yes, I mean, technology investments, we have one of the busiest IT departments of anyone, probably [ph]. And a lot of the investments we're making are behind the scenes, new data center. We're implementing a new financial system, et cetera. E-commerce sites going live, so very broad-based IT investments. As well, we are investing heavily in supply chain systems. We're in the process of implementing our PLM system, et cetera. But you won't see any near-term impact on gross margin. That's a longer-term benefit that you'll see by 2014. 
John Currie: Yes. And in terms of direct to consumer, as I said, it's about 12.5% of revenue in Q2, which was right in line with our expectations. Q2 and, to some extent, Q3 tend to be the lowest penetration. It's difficult comparing to last year because remember, the end of Q1 last year, we did the transition away from a third-party site, so looking at year-over-year trends is very difficult to find meaningful. So going forward, Q4 will be the strongest in terms of e-commerce penetration. And we're still looking at e-commerce rising from -- last year overall for the year, we were about 11%. We expect it to be between 14% and 15% of overall revenue this year. 
John Currie: Yes, and we do feel like we'll have the right amount of product, whatever that is. There's never the perfect answer. As we've said, we're not chasing even into Q4, so we should have lower airfreight. And we're trying to strike the right balance between ending up with not enough inventory, which is not a good answer, versus what a lot of retailers do is go big and end up with too much and then there's markdowns, et cetera. So we may be leaving some demand on the table through this year, but we'd rather do that than end up being over-inventoried going into next year. 
John Currie: Okay. I mean, I don't have a detailed breakdown of the year in front of me. But just looking at Q2, the increase, as I said -- it was about $8 million to $10 million -- is simply store-based labor and operating cost based on new stores, higher volumes, et cetera. Investments in our e-commerce platform -- again, we brought the platform in-house last year. We've actually hired -- we've got our own ATG development office that we've opened down in the San Francisco area. So we're internally doing the work to upgrade that system to go live with new international sites, et cetera. The investment, even during Q2, was between $4 million and $5 million in that area. And then the rest, I mean, there's a lot of -- as I mentioned earlier, there's numerous IT initiatives going on, everything from a new data center to various systems going live, et cetera. 
John Currie: POS upgrade, et cetera. And that's the biggest part of that -- the bucket of increased spend in the Store Support Centre. And then a lot of -- probably spend a couple million in -- just in terms of the background work in preparing for international expansion, whether it's setting up our legal structure, distribution networks, making sure we're compliant, et cetera. A lot of stuff going on in the background there. And that will continue. 
John Currie: And in terms of regional performance, in terms of comps, I mean, I'm looking at a breakdown throughout the regions in the U.S., and the numbers are all strong. I'd say the only standouts are some of the newer markets, the Tennessees, the Southeast, where we are newer to the market, and the comps there are, as you'd expect, even higher than the overall average. But again, U.S., we comp-ed about 25%. Canada, fairly consistent, the standout there being Eastern Canada, where again we're a little bit newer to that market than the rest of the country. But generally, comps across the board, pretty strong without any real regional differences. 
John Currie: Okay. Street versus mall, I assume you're -- I don't know if you're talking about existing stores' performance or new stores. 
John Currie: Yes, again, there's not really a difference in terms of trend and comp in street versus mall. And as we look at new stores, again, I don't have the exact breakdown, but we're going into a lot of new markets and a lot of them are more street-based markets. So there's... 
John Currie: Yes, there's a bit of a shift towards more street and lifestyle versus mall. But that's just the evolution of how we build out markets. In terms of average order value online versus stores, actually the average order value is a little higher online. It's somewhere close to about 130 this quarter, whereas in the stores it's low 100s. And I think your last question was cash. And it's true. We do -- with a strong business model, we're -- we continue to accumulate cash. We have been selectively, as I've mentioned, investing. And we bought the head office building last year, which was a great thing because it gives us certainty in terms of where we're going to live for a while. Opportunistically, we will buy store locations where it's a great location, where we know we want to be forever. So as I said, we bought the Newbury Street store, and there's a couple of other possibles coming up. But that really doesn't address your question because we still are accumulating cash. And as I've said before, we're a high-growth company. There's still lots of opportunity to be using that cash to fuel our ongoing growth, especially as we go international, in addition to making sure that we always have a strong cushion in the event of any economic downturn. But longer term, there's certainly no aversion to returning cash to shareholders at the right time. 
John Currie: Okay. Yes, that is both reported and cash tax. I mean, there's always some minor variations, but this adjustment and the ongoing impact is both cash and reported. In terms of new store performance, as I've been saying the last few quarters, we're opening a lot of new stores in new markets and thrilled that we're opening them, over the last year, at about 1,100 a square foot. I think this quarter, as we looked at stores open less than a year, tracked them against the comp base, they're tracking the equivalent of about 1,150 a square foot. So new stores continue to perform very strong and then comp up strongly after that. 
John Currie: There are no other implications across the P&L because it really is just internal. It's the way we transfer inventory from one of our subsidiaries to others. So it's really just a tax impact from an income statement point of view. 
Sheree Waterson: Okay. And now to accessories, the fun part. Accessories is a focus and our focus here is to create the most beautiful, functional products in this area. So I'm going to start with underwear first because underwear is an important part of the functional layering system. And we're looking at better construction technologies to have invisible undergarments that are completely non-chafing, wicking and so on and so forth. So that business is actually -- we're focusing on that in terms of technologies. And that's in both men's and women's, by the way. Headwear, we noted that there is an opportunity for share in caps and so on, and we continued to see women's headwear just outperform our plans. So there's a lot of demand there for things that are functional and beautiful again. And in terms of bags, I don't know if you've seen our women's bags on the floor right now, but I think they're the best that we've ever done there. The details... 
Sheree Waterson: Yes, it blows me away. I owe -- I own all 3 of the women's bags on the floor right now. But in terms of what we're doing with that category going forward, we're innovating in terms of construction -- some fantastic construction that you're going to see going forward that's no-sew. And we're also innovating in men's bags. So we have a new head of our men's creative who has -- who's an athlete himself with a fantastic taste level. So one thing that you're going to be looking at is men's bags that women want, too. Great crossover. So real vibrant in terms of our innovation and our focus on accessories. 
Sheree Waterson: Right. And then the final note here is in terms of the ultimate piece of equipment for yoga, which is our mat. Our mat architecture, we're continuing to innovate. And it will be fully expressed by Q1 of 2013. There's a couple of new mats that we're going to be introducing that are killer. 
Sheree Waterson: I'll answer the last one first because it's the one I can remember. The men's business is great. In fact, the growth is slightly outpacing women's. It's on a much smaller base, however. Right now, with the men's team that we have, you'll notice that the ethos of the line is changing to be more modern, and there's a greater variety of fit in the bottoms. And you will continue to see more innovation in technical tops that don't look technical. So we're very bullish and looking forward to a great men's business that we're growing. The 9-month calendar, is it the optimal? It's part of the optimal answer. So we went from 10.5 months to 9 months, and the reason that we did that is so that we can completely hindsight a season before we begin the next. And obviously, common sense would tell you that the wisdom that we gain by hindsight-ing a quarter greatly gives us an advantage as we design into the following year. But true success is really predicated by multiple supply chains, and it's our ability to be able to service our core business, which is something that we'll be carrying locker stock on with our vendors overseas, so that we are always prepared to deliver in a couple weeks' notice to a quick response model. That is something that we will be planning certain base clause [ph] that we can respond to, and our 9.5-month calendar. So it's really the aggregate of several supply chains that gives us a competitive advantage. 
Sheree Waterson: For Q4, what we'll be seeing is we're capitalizing on some of the success that we had last year. So we'll be going into a category that's lightweight tuffies [ph], which we called "what the fluff?" And for men, it will be "fluff off [ph]." And yes, just thought I'd give you that little preview there. And we're also capitalizing on some of the warm wear business that we have with running luon and our tech fleece and so on and so forth. So those categories will be, you'll see, will be very strong. 
