Calvin McDonald: Right. Thanks, Ike. I mean we continue to be strategic with our pricing strategy as we have been in the past. We are taking modest selective price increases over the course of the year. Some will go in place in Q2. And as we look forward, into additional quarters. As I mentioned, it's a very small portion of our styles that are impacted, about 10%. And this will help offset some of the pressure we're seeing on AUC. But we are constantly looking at multiple factors, such as the value of innovation, our range within our own product categories as well as in the marketplace and making sure that the performance of our apparel is always at a higher index than our pricing is relative to competitive options in the marketplace. So we are taking selective, but it's not a drastic move. And then from a pricing on footwear, we definitely as you saw with the introduction of Blissfeel opened in a competitive position. We will apply the same approach to our footwear as we have our entire lineup, meaning very little discounting. We priced it effectively based on the innovation. Immediate response has been incredible. So we feel well priced. I don't plan to take any additional actions on footwear this year, and we'll manage the category as we look forward with additional innovation as well as evolution of the category over the years ahead. 
Calvin McDonald: Sure. Thanks, Brooke. Majority of our growth will continue to come from core. As you've heard me say before, we're early innings of growth across all of our growth levers. That starts with product and that's core within men's. That's core within women's that includes, obviously, the strength in our bottoms business and our core activities that we've identified, Run, Yoga, Train and OTM, where we still have opportunity to keep innovating and developing and bringing new innovation to the guests. Then you factor in the growth potential across our channels, be it digital stores and then our regions. These are the drivers of the business, and it is rooted in core in the key categories and activities that we're known for. We're excited about not just the pipeline behind those and how we'll continue to expand, but our ability to reach and extend into new categories as we're pulled into them with our guests and what their sweat needs are. Very excited with the introduction of footwear, and we're taking a very disciplined long-term approach to building that category. And as you've heard me reference before, we have a number of play activities, which we know are the secondary sweat activities of our core loyal guests. Tennis, golf, hike are some of those. And we're excited to be able to bring, again, some innovation that delivers on unmet needs. Now in these activities, the versatility of our product is where we really play to our strength. There are a lot of golfers out there in ABC pants and ABC shorts, metal event shirts.  And we see a select opportunity to bring some very distinct innovation to that activity, in particular, builds credibility and it will lift both the activity, our credibility in the activity as well as the core versatile product that we have. So that's been the strategy, and we're just further down the development of it in this year and excited about the newness that we're going. But the majority of the growth is still coming from core where we have a significant opportunity to continue to bring innovation behind those key activities. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Adrienne. There's no change in our store expansion strategy, and that includes both the addition of new stores, testing new markets and new opportunities through our seasonal store initiative as well as expanding existing stores where we go in. We validate the market through seasonal. We move to a permanent location. And as we grow the business, we look to expand it, all within a moderate range relative to others, but very much within the square footage that we know can continue to prove, deliver on the productivity numbers, the economics that we're looking for as well as show up and represent the brand in the way we want between men's, women's, in particular, and we're seeing great success in doing that. So we still see for that strategy, significant opportunity in North America. Predominantly driven by the U.S. with some select opportunity in Canada, but reinvesting in our fleet for the expansion, as I mentioned as well, is very much the balanced approach. And then on Analyst Day, we'll be able to share more over the next 5 years how we see. But we still have a lot of opportunity for growth in all markets, including North America, across stores as well as digital. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Matthew, and that's -- I'll try to share some of my excitement and make sure that I hold enough for us celebrating in a few weeks when we come together on Analyst Day. But clearly, we know that product fuels our business and our momentum, and it has and it will continue to. And we are early innings on that product development opportunity. And there has been no fundamental change in the strategy of the key categories of Run, Train, Yoga and OTM and some of the key play activities, as I mentioned. What has driven our momentum in the business is really the continual introduction of those activities, gaining credibility behind those activities as well as color and flow. We have continued to work through the logistical challenges, saw a greater disruption in the fourth quarter, although still very pleased with our results. And the team continues to get better. So flow is better, core solid and the new innovation in either franchise supporting activities or in the new innovation that I alluded to. Both men's and women's saw very strong double-digit growth. Every category within men's and women's, very strong outerwear second layer and technical shorts were some of the standout in fourth quarter. Obviously, COC, the Canadian Olympic Committee gear performed very well, introduction of footwear is off to a great start. These are small in relative terms, but we know our position to create brand awareness, consideration, drive loyalty with our existing guests and attract new guests and very encouraged with how well they're performing in those metrics as well. And then as I look forward into '22, we have some exciting additions to existing powerful franchises, scuba, our Define, OTM, as our guests go back to work. The team has been working and building that out. We see men's is -- we're more developed than OTM for him and the team has been working on building out the assortment for her in terms of the versatility functionality of our gear. It really is a completely open space and opportunity for us. And then some of the play categories that are fun. But more importantly, and I alluded to them before, is they build credibility in these activities and 80% of the assortment of these activities is our core product. So this is all geared and designed around remaining narrow and focused on assortment, driving consideration awareness and the key activities that we focused on and using both core and newness to drive that credibility and ultimately, the sales back to core. The formula is working and continues to build momentum, and we're excited, and we'll share a lot more on Analyst Day, but that gives you a little bit of flavor for the start of this year, at least until we get into the longer play. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. I'll quickly touch on both loyalty and reCommerce. Again, we'll probably sound, I apologize to the group, a bit of a broken record, but there are a lot of exciting initiatives that we've been testing and piloting and learning from and they play into our 5-year vision. And I do want to save for our time together in New York. But on loyalty, clearly, this brand has very strong loyalty with our guests. And uniquely and interestingly, it's been built the way we'd want it to through relationships, incredible product. We tested a loyalty program that extended that relationship into sweat and strengthened our position of community in our stores. And that led to our confidence around the MIRROR acquisition, which is really an opportunity for us to position it in that membership base as a means to drive loyalty and retention with the lululemon guests. And that's what we'll be sharing is the opportunity of further driving that through synergy and integration and we see a very unique and exciting proposition there. So more on loyalty to come. And then on reCommerce, we're excited with the test that we did this year. We were in 2 states, California and Texas. We had 80 stores participating. Basic program is gently used, guests can bring in product. They get a gift card on a predetermined dollar rate for the items they bring in. Those go to a third party. Those items, they get washed, they get posted. And we are very encouraged with what we're seeing in terms of not just existing gas bringing in sort of an incentive to clean out the closet and get some of those still very good and quality product into someone else's hands and see them redeem the gift cards, renew their wardrobe and then new guests being acquired through the pricing of the reCommerce product on our website. So we'll share more of our thinking moving forward. But the program is performing very well. It's meeting and exceeding in terms of its goal, which is getting at current guests to spend more, acquisition of new guests with a more approachable entry price point and supporting our planetary initiatives and offering end-of-life solutions for our guests and being leaders in those goals. So very encouraged more to share in a few weeks. 
Meghan Frank: And Adrienne, I'd add, we have very healthy four-wall margins north of 20% for our store fleet and feel really confident in these openings as well as strong productivity. And we're healthy levels with the store productivity reaching back to 2019 levels quarter-to-date. So feel optimistic about store performance as we move forward, an important part of our strategy. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. Lorraine, it's Meghan. We reached, as Calvin mentioned, profitability in Europe, which would put us profitable overall for international region. Still see opportunity with scale as we expand that business, and we'll share more on our international strategy in a few weeks on Analyst Day. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. Thanks, John. So we did share overall revenue growth of 20% to 22% on a 1-year basis. And within that, e-commerce growing in the mid-teens on an annual basis. And that would contemplate store productivity above 2019 levels, which we are seeing currently in Q1. I would say we continue to plan our business from an omni perspective and multiple channel scenarios to be able to meet the demand and where it comes to us and also navigating COVID-19 impacts were relevant. But that's our current outlook in terms of mid-teens growth for e-com and then stores above 2019 productivity. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. It's really 2 key pieces. So the step-up in stores is one of them. And then we're also beginning a multiyear DC expansion strategy to support the long-term growth of our business. That capital range that we provided is 8% of sales, so in line with the 6% to 8% target that we provided on our last Analyst Day. 
Meghan Frank: Dana, we saw growth across both new and existing guests in Q4. We've also experienced, as we've mentioned previously, more cross-shopping throughout the pandemic period, and we see higher value from our guests who come to us both on e-commerce and stores. So we continue to see that as an opportunity long term, and then I'll let Calvin take the loyalty question. 
Meghan Frank: Michael, it's Meghan. So in terms of SG&A for 2022, so we are really pleased that we are guiding to operating margin that's just modestly under 2019, including the consolidation of MIRROR and then also inclusive of a 280 basis point impact from air freight pressure. We're really focused on optimizing that op margin expansion. And we have made some shifts in our investment profile, so investing more behind digital as we navigated the pandemic, which those expenses hit predominantly in SG&A. And then we pulled back to some degree on new store openings and renovations and saw that benefit within our gross margin. So confident in our investment profile and that sets us up for long-term sustainable growth, and we'll continue to take that approach going forward. And then in terms of international, we did guide to revenue quadrupling by 2023. So we, as Calvin mentioned, we'll reach that goal in 2022. And then our earnings are on track to what we expected. And overall, I would say our business has performed, overperformed in North America as well. So in terms of overall dollars have reached that goal and penetration may differ slightly. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Mark. So at this point in time, until we update in a few weeks, we are maintaining that commitment to the low teens growth rate. We are expecting higher growth this year. We've been talking about -- we thought we had some missed demand in 2021 as we navigated through some supply chain challenges. So feel comfortable with our guide, which is above expectations of 23% to 24% on a 3-year CAGR basis and really broad-based overperformance category, region and channel, and we'll share more work with you in a couple of weeks. 
Meghan Frank: Paul, it's Meghan. So in terms of footwear, we're not putting a number on 2022 and we'll share more on how we're thinking about that business. It's a small portion. And again, just a test-and-learn category for us. In addition to the 70 new store openings, we are also planning on 35 co-located remodels, which is up from 22 in 2021. So that continues to be a strong strategy for us and allows us to expand our footprint and maximize our revenue opportunity where we have high sales per square foot and help to showcase a broader assortment of our women's and also men's product. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. We haven't broken out that specifically, but we do see -- we do target those optimizations in areas where the sales per square foot is above our average. And do expect to see a meaningful lift from a revenue perspective, adding on a more meaningful portion of our men's revenue. 
