John Currie: Okay. Maybe I'll take the second question first. Yes, if e-Commerce was included in our comp guidance, it would be at an 8%. And the guidance does not require an improvement for the balance of the quarter. It reflects just an extension of the trend that we've been seeing. In terms of stock-outs that you're seeing in Q4, we are seeing great guest acceptance of some of our seasonal items that we haven't bought really deeply in, which is typically, what we do. And you do see stock-outs. And when I talk about late product deliveries or product that has not been released to the stores, in some cases, it is the seasonal assortment that's selling very well that, is therefore impacting revenue. As we get into Q1 and beyond, the improvements that are really underway with the new team on the supply chain side are a journey. We're putting the processes in place. And they will -- as each season progresses, the improvements we're making are going to improve our execution. But it's not all at once. And so, as we go through next year, you'll see continued improvement in product flow. 
John Currie: Yes, Canada was just slightly negative. I think it rounded to minus 1%. U.S. was high-single digits, positive. 
John Currie: Yes. I mean, with all the other ups and downs, one of the things we are seeing that's positive is a shift towards e-Commerce. E-Commerce has been very strong. In Q3, it was our highest penetration ever at 16.3%. That is continuing. And that's -- I think more and more, our guest is shopping both channels. And that's why I'm making a point of also talking about the combined comp because there's a shift, to some extent, from stores to e-Commerce. 
John Currie: Yes. The second luon supplier is fully on stream. We're very pleased with the quality. And so they're helping both with quality and capacity. And we're still on track to have a third luon manufacturer on the stream by spring of 2014. 
John Currie: Well, I think anytime there's negative PR for a company, there's an impact on the business. I'm not saying we can see a one-to-one correlation. But let's face it. We've had lots of PR issues this year, whether it's the luon pullback or Christine's resignation. And there is, undoubtedly, some impact on traffic, and therefore on the business. Our job is to make sure that that's a short-term impact by earning back the trust of the guest. And that's what we're focused on both in terms of quality and making sure we're connected with our communities. 
John Currie: Yes, not to get into weekly comps. I mean it -- November started somewhat slow. I think that might have been more product flow related. We saw, actually, very strong Black Friday, Cyber Monday weekend, and then dipped down again after that. So again, it's really too early to diagnose trends, but that's what we've seen. 
John Currie: No, it does not. I mean, I've mentioned, yes, there's some increase in our inventory reserves to contemplate some level of additional markdowns, since we're running a little bit behind, but not terribly significant. And no other strategic changes other than that. 
John Currie: Okay. We are conducting brand perception surveys, et cetera, and that's, it’s a little too early to talk about our conclusions from that. In the very near term, as I said, the 2 things that we need to do are ensure that only the best quality product gets to the floor, so that we don't disappoint the guest, and reconnect with the guest. And, so for example, we have instituted a program over the holiday call -- we call it, no humbug, where we've allocated funds to each store to just surprise and delight the guest in whatever creative way they want to. It's not discounts, but just sending somebody home to visit their parents for Christmas or whatever else they come up with. Just random acts of kindness to the -- because that's who we are, and just trying to connect with the communities again. 
John Currie: Yes. In terms of sourcing, as I said, it's a journey. A lot of it is headcount, but there are significant system investments that we have been incurring last -- certainly, over the last year to 18 months. And those will continue over the next couple years anyway. So we're sort of midway through that step-up in investment. And also, international. In 2013, we put in place the core teams in each of Asia and Europe. We've done a lot of the infrastructure build. And what you'll start to see in 2014, as we open up more showrooms and even move to stores in some locations, you'll see some additional SG&A drag as we get up to critical mass in those markets. I think in 2013, international was a net negative of sort of mid-single digits. And it'll be something higher than that in 2014. And depending on the pace of rollout, we'll turn positive once we have enough stores and have critical mass in those markets. 
John Currie: Okay. Of course, inventory levels at the end of the fourth quarter is going to depend on how the holiday season turns out. Again, we're running a little below plan. So our inventory levels will likely be a little bit high and we'll be sending some product to the outlets. In terms of composition, I guess, the good thing is a lot of our, call it, heavy inventory is in our core styles, which we typically don't mark down and aren't season specific. So that will limit the amount of promotional activity. In terms of freshness, again, the holiday tends to be very different than what we'll be looking at in Q1. As we said earlier, we've got some great seasonal styles that have resonated with the guest and have flown off the shelves, and we're out of stock. So when that's the case, we'd love to have had more of some of those. But at the same time, we don't want to find ourselves overstocked in those items that are seasonal. 
John Currie: Yes. I mean, It gets to be a much longer conversation. But certainly, we can be flexible as it comes to clearance and markdowns. Again, since a lot of our heavy inventory, as I said, is core, that may not be much of an issue. But we have been creative in the past. We've done pop-up stores, we've done warehouse sales. We'll do those again. And those should be adequate to once again clear the aged inventory. 
John Currie: Okay. In terms of price points too high, you're probably looking at some of the seasonal items outerwear, where typically the price point is higher. We think we've hit a better balance this year. If you remember last year, we had some of the What The Fluff and other outerwear styles had been, I think, priced too high and we brought them down. That was more of an issue last year than what we're seeing this year. And I don't think we've pushed the price point beyond where our guest is comfortable, especially in those special items. In terms of a loyalty program, that's not in our near-term strategy. Having said that, with digital and mobile becoming more and more important, I think, our strategy is to connect with the guest and let them know when new products are dropping. I think, there's lots of opportunities to improve our execution there in the future that may or may not look like a typical loyalty program. But definitely, we're looking at how we can evolve in that area. 
John Currie: I think it's too early to have a diagnostic on that. We are finding, as I said, the seasonal items, the unique items are selling. Typically, that's more our repeat customer, our guest. So that might indicate that she's continuing to come back, selling less core. That may indicate less new guests, but again, it's really too early in the holiday season to do that diagnostic. 
John Currie: Yes. As I've said repeatedly, there's no one competitor that we're looking at, that's opening stores that is having a particularly significant impact. But the crowded landscape, of course, makes it more difficult to stand out. And our focus has to be on making sure that our product offering is the best and our in-store experience is the best, so we continue to stand out from that crowded field of competition. 
John Currie: Okay. In terms of Canada and the U.S., of course, there are still very different levels of maturity in the 2 markets. Canada is fully built out in a very mature market, whereas the U.S., we're approaching 2/3 built-out and still lots of brand awareness improvement ahead of us. And in spite of that, as we've seen the slowdown, they've been in proportion to each other. So if Canada is X percent below plan, the U.S. is the same level below plan. So that indicates to me that it is the product flow issues that are across the board and to some extent, macro issues. It tells me that it's less competition than in those factors because in the U.S., there are more people trying to look like us than we have in Canada. So I do think it is interesting that the softness is consistent across both countries. In terms of the supply chain, there is a step up required that is what we've been incurring this year, and we'll continue to step up next year. And it's consistent with -- there's no change in our plan recently. Going back to March, and even before, when we're bolstering our supply chain teams and looking at the processes, we knew that there'd be a step up in our SG&A related to those efforts and it's several million. Again, a lot of that is in our run rate today, and there'll be some step up next year. 
John Currie: Okay. As I said before, whenever there's negative PR, it's reasonable to assume that there is an impact on the business. I wouldn't say we have specific feedback from the stores that their lower traffic is related to either Chip's comments or quality concerns. But I do think, as I said, it's realistic to assume that when there is negative press, that there's an impact on the business. And I do think that's impacted us in November and early December. And again, we're focused on reversing that trend. In terms of incremental investment in the supply chain, again, that's all underway. I think, our run rate of spend related to how we're changing the processes and beefing up the teams, probably $10 million or so annually of operating spend. And again, a lot of that's in our run rate for Q3 and Q4, and we'll continue and ramp up some as we go into 2014 and 2015. 
John Currie: So men's continues to improve penetration. It's -- if we just broke out the men's comp, I think, it's in the 20s. So men's continues to improve, better acceptance as we're improving and expanding the men's product line. So that's -- the men's opportunity is still a real focus for us in the next year. 
John Currie: I think, at this point, it really is better product. I think we've hit our stride in terms of the designs of the product team and we're introducing new items, new colors, so that there's more selection for the male guest than what they've seen in the past. And that will continue to be a driver, as well as we do have a pretty significant men's team that we've built up. It is focusing on the men's business beyond just the product piece of that. In terms of brand and marketing and how do we connect with the male guest, who is, of course, very different than the female guest. And I think, again, as we go into 2014 and beyond, that will also drive the opportunity that we see in the men's side of the business. 
John Currie: Yes. It has. Yes, as I said, the stores have been at very high productivity, sometimes flat, sometimes slightly up and sometimes, slightly down, but e-Commerce has continued to extend our reach in the Canadian market. And it has been -- the combined, I believe, has been positive every quarter. 
John Currie: There's a pretty significant systems implementation project related to that, that we are kick starting in 2014. So the IT team and the business owners related to that are going to be busy on that in 2014. But you won't see it impacting our -- the way we operate until 2015. 
John Currie: Well, I guess, a couple of things. I mean, this is a tough time to be giving guidance because those super busy days leading up to Christmas are still ahead of us. So we do in -- we do expect, obviously, a significant step up in traffic, and because of the mobile POS, et cetera, we are better equipped to handle those high-volume days. And to your point, I think that did help on Black Friday and wherever else we had a spike. But I wouldn't get carried away in terms of upside expectations. To your point, last year it was actually a slow ramp and then kind of a spike just before Christmas. So I think that is likely similar to what we're expecting to see this year. 
John Currie: Okay. Actually, international e-Commerce really -- we're looking at as ramping up in conjunction with our bricks and mortar presence. Because we don't do mass advertising, similar to what we saw in the U.S, until we have a physical presence, there really is very little brand awareness. And therefore, the e-Commerce business is not significant until we make some progress on our physical presence. So right now, for example, if you look at Europe, we have 7 showrooms, still not a significant physical presence. We have an EU specific e-Commerce site and 1 for the U.K. And they're growing significantly as those showrooms seed the markets and improve our brand awareness. But a couple of things -- until we have stores, that'll still be quite limited. And other aspect is with only a handful of showrooms and e-Commerce, the volumes are low. And therefore, the inventory levels that we can keep in Europe have to be fairly focused on the core and not too deep. And so, the guest on international e-Commerce sites is still at a point where they don't have the full product assortment. So the key is, get enough critical mass moving to stores and e-Commerce so that we can offer the full assortment to those guests. And that's when we expect to see international e-Commerce becoming more significant. For the time being, it's where we expect it to be, but it's not a meaningful number in the current revenue targets. 
John Currie: Then in terms of the lower-than maybe what you expected SG&A growth, I think you have to take into account the currency impact in that, since most of our SG&A is in the office here in Vancouver in Canadian dollars. As we translate to U.S. dollars, that actually reduces the reported SG&A. And as well in Q3, as I mentioned, there was a foreign exchange gain that offsets SG&A. I think, when you normalize for those items, the rate of SG&A growth is probably closer to what you would have expected. 
John Currie: Yes. Long-term, there -- continues to be no reason to expect that our margin profile would be different than what I've been talking about to the market, 55% gross margin, 25% operating margin. And that's an offset of positive leverage on the core business, offset by investments to continue to build the foundation, and the investment, sort of early stage investment in international growth. So long-term, nothing in my mind has changed in that regard. In the very near term, if we see the traffic trends take longer to get back to historical levels of increase, that could cause some short-term compression on margins, especially if there's initiatives to put in place to drive that traffic back. But, when I talk about long-term targets of 25%, there'll be periods where we're higher and periods where we're lower, depending on investments that we have to make and then harvesting those investments. But longer term, no change in our view on that. 
John Currie: Yes. I think we've done a better job this year in acknowledging that this is actually a gift-giving season. So there are lots of lower-priced items, some great mitts, et cetera, that are doing very well. And not just those lower-priced items, but a better selection in the key gift-giving range, plus or minus around $100. That's where there was a real void in our pricing architecture last year. So in that regard, I think we've done a better job this year. 
John Currie: Q3 impact on product issues, I mean, when I talked about Q4, it was really the breakdown between traffic and product issues. I think that the traffic piece of that was less of a factor in Q3. So the product piece in Q3, actually may be a little bit higher because remember, we had very late deliveries of fall product that had a significant impact on August in particular, as we had the summer product still on the floor through August when we should had the fall product on there. So I'd say, that piece was more significant in Q3 than what we're seeing in Q4. Sourcing improvement, sorry, can you repeat that part of it? I'm sorry. I couldn't remember your second question on sourcing improvement... 
John Currie: Yes. I mean, I wouldn't say it's in -- this particular style mix or that one because there are across the board improvements on the processes that we employ with all mills, with all cut and sew factories. Having said that, luon is definitely our complicated fabric and that's where our focus has been. But I think, we're already seeing improvements there with a second supplier and the third one coming on. And also with our new 28 gauge Full-On Luon that the guest is absolutely loving. But other than that, I think it's across the board initiative that impacts all of our fabrics and products. Then lastly, ivivva. Sorry, I always kind of overlook ivivva because it's a little sister, but it's actually becoming a really significant growth driver as we look forward. In the quarter, I believe the ivivva comp was 17%. They're now a productivity of getting pretty close to 900 a foot. And so, we are looking to increase our store rollout in ivivva for next year, and I'll include that in my guidance on the next call. 
John Currie: Okay. Well that one question, let's see, e-Commerce, yes, in fact, strong in Q3, and we've seen it even stronger in Q4, both in terms of year-over-year growth rate and penetration. So yes, really excited about what we're seeing there. The question why is e-Commerce not impacted as the stores are, in spite of the strength of e-Commerce, I think there is a similar impact. It's just that it's got such a strong growth trajectory that it's just a lower positive as opposed to flat or negative. If we do have excess inventory that was expected to be allocated to stores, absolutely, we have the ability to shift that to e-Commerce. We do buy for e-Commerce as a store. But since we do the fulfillment from our own distribution centers, it's relatively easy to shift inventory that was designated for stores into the e-Commerce channel. And the impact of quality controls, as I said, this is a journey. I feel great about the team we have in place and the progress we're making. But the quality controls that we are evolving to are very much front-end loaded. They're having people and processes at the mills, as the fabric's being made. And then checks and balances as we go through the cut and sew process, et cetera. And at a minimum, those can -- improvements can only affect the seasons that are just now being planned. In the meantime, as I said, we're focusing on quality control at the back end until those processes are affecting the current season. So quality control is very much focused on -- at the DC making sure that product that's already been delivered, if there are defects, that we're not releasing that to the stores. So at the store level, we're dedicated to ensuring that you won't see quality issues. But for some period of time, if those exist, they will be product not released to stores as opposed to there were never issues for the outset. So again, as 2014 progresses, we'll get progressively better. And by 2015, we're not holding back on investment, et cetera, and hiring. And by 2015, we should be seeing a much, much smoother supply chain operation. 
