Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Adrienne. In terms of methods, there's been no change to our approach on markdowns. As you know, we were -- we took modest price increases on a small percentage of our range of product. We continue to closely monitor that. And our markdown activity is in line with past penetrations 2019 pre-pandemic. And it really is -- our momentum is driven through the pillars of growth and innovation of our product. So the positioning around unique innovative products through our core is resonating with our guests and our markdown behavior has not changed with no plans to change and the quarter's results were driven by full price selling prices. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Alex. One of the areas that continue to fuel our momentum and give us the confidence and the momentum heading into the back half of this year is the balanced growth that we're seeing across all of our pillars in the Power of Three x2 growth initiatives. And I'll quickly break them down because it really does support that narrative and the fact that we're in early innings of growth, and we have multiple levers to pull to grow our business that we are innovating into through our strategies, and they are resonating.  So from a product perspective, when you look at our business across activities, categories and gender, where our men's business was up 27%, our women's business was up 24%, accessories was up 80%. We were seeing very balanced growth in all of those activities driving and through innovation. On the guest side, the omni guest key initiatives, our new guests were up 24% existing. We're transacting at a 17% increase rate. Traffic was incredibly strong with stores up 30%, e-com up 40 and strong sales comps across both our e-com in-store business, again, very balanced. And then at the regional level, North America, up 28%; international up 35%.  So the plan that we've been working on is we are early innings of the execution, but it's resonating, it's working and the business is growing across all of these levers in a very balanced way that's allowing us to achieve the results, contributing the momentum. In the back half, when I look at product innovation and innovation across the guest with the launch of our membership program and our expansion into the regions gives us the confidence that we can keep the momentum in our business strong and hence, the guidance that we've shared. 
Calvin McDonald: Well, absolutely. Very pleased with our international business. As you know, our 5-year plan is to quadruple it. And across every market we're in, we continue to see very strong results for the brand, the way it's resonating in the market. And excited about the investment strategies we have in a rolling out across -- in Europe. We're seeing good growth across all countries. We opened our dot-com site in Spain. We actually opened our first store in Barcelona tomorrow. We opened Madrid in a few weeks. We're opening in Champs-Elysees later this year.  So excited about the opportunities we continue to see in Europe. Across Asia Pacific, in Australia with some of the new stores that we've opened. And China, which continues to be one of our big market opportunities even with ongoing operational challenges, we saw an acceleration in the quarter, with China growing 30%. And excited about the way the new stores are working in the market, the way that product continues to resonate, new guest acquisition and activating through communities. So in every market where we're in, we're seeing a very balanced contribution to our growth and are early in the opportunities that we see in each of these markets. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Matthew. I'll take the first half. We've definitely seen market share gain according to NPD. We've -- we are the largest share gainer in the quarter at 1.4 points. So we're very pleased with our performance, our performance relative to our peer sets. And I think the first half of this year is really a consistent narrative of new category expansion, driving awareness through a number of earned media opportunities as well as us continuing our investment in collective and community and reactivating some events, great product that's driving new guest acquisition and an existing guest that continues to be engaged in the expansion of both our core and play activities, be it golf, tennis, hike, those are resonating very well. They're lifting our core sales. So it's a combination of the levers that we've been working towards, and it has translated into market share gain in the quarter. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Brooke. As you've indicated, very healthy new guest acquisition numbers at plus 24%. And I would say the majority of their first purchases have been very consistent with our traditional categories that we're seeing, very strong bottoms business and very strong in women's and new guest in men. So very pleased with the balance. The success of the everywhere belt bag has added to new guest acquisition. So we're excited to see that as a way to bring even more into our collective and with our guests.  But the bulk and the majority of the driver as it is with our sales growth is our core traditional. When we expand into new categories and as we expand deeper into play, it really resonates with our existing guests, which is a big part of the positioning of the strategy, and we saw that through existing guests increasing transactions with us at plus 17%, very healthy. So the strategy is, obviously, bring them in, new guests, migrate them up and expand and increase the share of wallet. And innovation is doing both in pulling new guests in as well as migrating them up in their spend. And we're seeing a very healthy balance across all of those levers. 
Calvin McDonald: And Dana, on the question around core, we have not seen a material shift in that nor does the strategy and the success of the strategy to suggest we should. If anything, as we continue to create depth and strength in our core, it could increase as a percentage of our overall business. And as I shared, we have opportunity within some of our core own activities such as run, train and yoga to keep developing core items. And the play activities that we launched across golf, tennis and hike are designed to and absolutely achieved in the results, the goal of using unique innovation to bring in awareness, interest, credibility into these activities, but to ultimately still drive core as much of our core and the versatility of the product can be used in those sweat activities.  And the strategy has worked in the first half of the year as we continue to innovate and lean in. So very niche and small number of SKUs, leveraging core, which holds at 45%. And as we expand opportunities in some of the core activities, I expect that number to hold, if not improve. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, John. I think it's no different than the ability of us to put on market share and outperform the market -- in our most mature market being North America, where we are still early and have the opportunity to grow. We are early in brand awareness. The product led by innovation is resonating.  Our investment in our guest relationships, I shared a little bit about the sweat games and the number of guests that participate in that both physical as well as digitally, over 100,000 online with us. And the investment [indiscernible] exciting to keep seeing the success, share the tier cities. We're in now in Tier 1 and Tier 2 and Tier 3, all resonating, responding well.  So our D2C model is unique versus our peers and other brands in that market. It's rooted in relationships, building the community, which has how we built our business and great innovative product that is differentiated and unique in the marketplace. So it is our formula. It is resonating in that, and we have an incredible team led by [ San Yan ] leading it and across the stores and a very strong culture. So we're excited, but it really is the lululemon formula that's resonating and delivering the results. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. On the marketing, there's a couple of exciting initiatives planned in the back half. One is around our launch of our 2-tier membership program shortly. And that is more of a North American focus, but we're excited to bring that to our guests. And Nikki was referencing, as we continue to look at ways of just bringing a coordinated global message, our approach to holiday this year in some key categories.  There's not a material change in spend, but we continue to find effective ways to deliver a strong, powerful product, community-led message around the globe. We're making gains on that. Helped in the first half, and we'll continue to do so in the second half and moving forward. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. No. We're excited about the opportunity in our accessories business and definitely have plans across a number of the categories. Everywhere belt bag is a lower price point item. We're seeing it being a great driver across existing guests as well as guest acquisition. I think accessories, in general, has played a role like that and could continue to play a stronger role.  The team has done a wonderful job in the last few years, bringing great innovation into the sock business, and we have a very strong growing innovative product line in the sock category. Bags, being one of the biggest opportunities, we are dropping and innovating incrementally in the pipeline for the foreseeable future is to continue to develop out that category where we all agree we can do even more and have a great opportunity across.  As you said, backpacks, we have a lot of on-the-move bags for sport, but also a variety of unmet needs that the teams are innovating into. So bags is definitely on our road map of product pipeline, building on the everywhere belt bag, but accessories in general is a great opportunity to keep growing, contributing and guest acquisition. 
Meghan Frank: And Matt, I'd add on Q3 -- so we're happy with the start of the quarter. I'm comfortable with the guidance we provided, which was a 3-year revenue CAGR of 25%. And as Calvin mentioned, we are seeing continued strength in our guest behavior and metrics there, which we continue to monitor closely. And I'd say within that, pleased with the performance of stores and digital that you asked about. And obviously, the macro environment is dynamic. We continue to plan the business based on multiple scenarios and feel well positioned as we enter Q3. 
Meghan Frank: Lorraine, as we mentioned, we've taken modest increases -- or we were taking throughout the year of modest increases on approximately 10% of the assortment. We haven't, to date, experienced any price resistance. We continue to closely monitor and don't have any plans to change our markdown cadence as we move throughout the year, still very high, healthy full price sell-throughs. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Dana. So in terms of airfreight, yes, we've started to see it moderate. As I mentioned, we are starting to see higher on-time deliveries from our vendors as well as some shorter lead times. So we have amended the color that we provided on airfreight to be 10 basis points under last year for the full year. And then that compares to 30 basis points above that we previously guided to.  We still see airfreight as an opportunity over the longer term. It still sits 280 basis points above 2019. But we'll continue to see that moderate through the second half of the year, and the team is looking for opportunities wherever possible to be as efficient as fees well there. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. Thanks, Michael. So we guided to 10 basis points under last year in airfreight versus the 30 basis points higher than we experienced that we had shared on the last call. So we are starting to see both the impact of the early deliveries as well as the rates coming down, and the team continues to look for opportunities there. We will continue as the business expands to look at pulling forward investments that are part of our road map as we move to our next 5-year trajectory.  So we have improved our margin guide for the year from 100 to 150 basis points down year-over-year to 100 to 130. So continue to feel like we're moving in the right direction, and airfreight represents a big opportunity for us over the longer term, still 280 basis points above 2019 levels. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. So in terms of SG&A, we haven't previously provided Q4 guidance. We've got some timing, I would say, on investments. And again, as we look at our full year outlook, looking to pull forward some investments that are part of our road map as we look towards our next 5-year trajectory. So we are guiding now to 100 to 130 basis points of leverage for the full year versus our prior guide at 50 to 100. We -- yes. And then Calvin is going to chime in here on the marketing. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Tom. Yes. So inventory this year, when you look at it on a 1-year basis includes higher usage of airfreight impacting our AUC as well as comparisons to out of stocks last year. And then as I mentioned, we're starting to experience earlier deliveries, both vendor readiness and then also lead times. So there is quite a bit of a dynamic nature when specifically looking on a 1-year basis, which is why we've been really focused on that 3-year unit CAGR. I do see opportunity over the longer term for us to manage inventory below at some point, our sales trend -- as some of these trends normalize. And then over the longer term, we aim to manage our inventory in line with sales. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. There's a couple of dynamics going on. One would be we are seeing vendor readiness metrics improve. So that's one impact. And then the other impact, I would say, is ocean lead times. So we typically have seen, and this is on average about 45 days. These have gone up to 90 days plus during the kind of peak disruption. We've seen them drop approximately to 70 days. So not back to where they were, but definitely improvement to what we've seen. So that, coupled with the earlier vendor readiness provides some opportunities for us to switch modes, which you see reflected in our guidance. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Paul. Yes, I'd say there's a nuance there and looking at it from an omni perspective with our -- the size of our e-commerce business. That said, what I'd share is we're really pleased with the productivity of both our existing store base. We've gotten above 2019 levels. We continue to see opportunity for further expansion over the longer term.  I'm really pleased with our new store expansion strategy. We did raise our guidance from 70 new stores to 75 for the full year with some exciting opportunity in front of us, both in our North America and international regions. So stores, I would say, remain a very important and productive part of our business model, including the operating margin, which we've seen get into the high 20s in the quarter. 
