Laurent Potdevin: Well, first off, I mean, we're all incredibly sad to see John deciding to go and start his professional skiing career. But we've got a number of months with him before that happens. And with every transition, you do have changes, and we have a couple of other changes, including one change in brand, in our Brand and communications department. 
Laurent Potdevin: Sure. Yes. We -- I mean, Lululemon engages a very digitally savvy guests, and we really haven't flexed our muscle there. And we're doing a number of things. I mean we are doing -- I spoke on our earlier call, on our call from a quarter ago about the incredible value of our ambassadors and the fact we don't really fully leverage the stories that happen in our communities. So we're building a social platform that is unique to our ambassadors that will go live in September, so that we can gather, real-time, all of the work that's happening in our communities and sort of be able to share that in a much more efficient way. We're also -- we released in-store technology so that we can share inventories when our guests are in store, they can actually shop online inventory, therefore, sort of enhancing the access to product. And then we have really ramped up page search media with leveraging sort of standard channels through Google. We're working on click to breaks and this is a geo-based strategy that we're doing in partnership with Google as well. And we're also accelerating our affiliate partnerships with ambassadors, studio, elite athletes who promote our content and drive traffic to our site. To add to that, I mean, we've been really successful with our product notifications, and we're planning to double the base of guests that receive those product notification, and we're also going to make them a lot better and a lot more efficient. And finally, as we start up, as we ramp-up our CRM efforts, I mean, we're planning to do some light segmentation of our emails to be much more targeted in how we reach our guests. 
Laurent Potdevin: So as we think about our international expansion, we're staying very true to our showroom strategy, which is to build awareness in the market and build momentum, and so -- and getting pulled by the community. And we expect the showroom to have a lifespan of 12 to 18 months before we're ready for store rollout. So we're going to be, in the next 18 to 24 months, we're going to really accelerate the showrooms internationally. And then that's going to trigger a store rollout 12 to 18 months following that. So the plan is really to be -- and if you think by 2017 having over 20 stores in Europe, 20 stores in Asia, not including, what I mentioned Asia, not including Australia and New Zealand. The plan is further and beyond to be able to open probably about the same number of stores that we're currently opening today in North America, around 45, and that will sort of replace the square footage opening in the next couple of years in North America as that market matures. 
Laurent Potdevin: Sure. So on the morale, I mean, I think we're not commenting on the Board. But meeting with the company yesterday, we've sort of mentioned that our parents are fighting, and it's awkward. But both Chief and the rest of the boards fully support the management team and what we're doing. So we are staying focused and we're not going to let us be distracted. And so I think we're in very good shape there. I mean, when you think about our educators, I mean, they are the face of the brand, and they deal with our guests every day. So certainly, we've made up their lives more difficult in the past years, but we're very focused on them being engaged, excited and happy. So we haven't seen any increased turnover there. And I don't remember the first part of your question. 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes. When I came on board, we had a hole in HR, and we're in the very final stages of that search. I'm really excited about that. And we're also, Laura Klauberg and Brian [ph] in Marketing has decided to move on, and we're in the process of interviewing candidates there. But we have a really, really strong team, both on the community, brand, digital and creative side of the business, and we've gotten very engaged with them. And other than that, we're in great shape. 
Laurent Potdevin: And as far as looking at consumer sentiment, brand strengths, we actually just launched -- we implemented NPS, Net Promoter Score. And we got our first benchmarks yesterday. So I haven't had a chance to fully dig into them, but I'm really looking forward to using that as a tool to sort of see how well our brand initiatives are changing the brand sentiments and improving conversion and traffic. 
Laurent Potdevin: And to add to Tara's point. One, I mean I've been incredibly impressed with how quickly the team is reacting on the fly and getting us the absolute best assortment they can, in an environment where we don't have -- we haven't planned for that 1 year ago. But also, if you look at the beginning of Q2 and going back to the point that John made earlier, I mean, once we're seeing traffic getting stronger, which speaks to the brand sentiment getting better and conversion getting lower. So the initiatives that we've started to do about brand are paying off. 
Laurent Potdevin: We've actually never used a lot of data in the history of Lululemon, and we're shifting that as quickly as possible. I mean, we've got a very loyal guest and we should know a lot more about him or her, and it is part of our CRM efforts. So we are investing heavily, both from a talent standpoint and from a technology standpoint to really ramp that up. And it's a little bit of a curse than a blessing, the curse being that we don't have a lot of data right now, the blessing being that we can build a system that will really sort of take us in the future, and that's what we're building. So it is part of the plan, and we're in the process of building it. 
Laurent Potdevin: The question was about driving traffic in London, right? So London, I mentioned that earlier, I mean, London is performing incredibly well. I mean, I think we're in excess of 130% of plan. And we're sort of on track to be a $7 million store in Year 1, which we're very pleased with. And in terms of driving traffic, I mean, I'll go back to what I said earlier about flexing our digital muscles and we're also working on some key initiatives at the store level that we'll be rolling out in the next couple of months. 
Laurent Potdevin: And some of them focus on guest taking technology, right? Either in-store technology that's we're planning to play with, or our CRM in business, our guest intelligence effort. 
Laurent Potdevin: And as far as competition, I mean, obviously, it's a crowded field, but it's also a very much of a growing field globally, and we know that we've got the right talent. And when we -- these are in the product as we've done lately, I mean, we win. So we're in this game to win it and maintain our premium position in the market that we've created. 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes, we have. We've just launched. And it's early to tell what the results will be, but we've done the affiliate programs, the paid search and the Google clicks to break. And the one initiative that we can speak to is the in-store technology that gives our guest access to our online inventory while in stores, and we've seen tremendous results with that, with the app already generating 1% of our retail sales and 8% of e-Comm sales -- and 4% -- I'm sorry, and 4% of our e-Comm sales. I was a little optimistic with that... 
Laurent Potdevin: And if you look on the digital side, what we've done with the men's business, they've just launched a very specific social platform. They've got a different sort of shopping environment. So we've done some really great work, and you can really sort of experience that firsthand on our website. 
Laurent Potdevin: All right. So thank you very much. It was good speaking to you all. And we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. 
John Currie: And on your gross margin question, as long as I'm getting it right, I think in our gross margin will be pretty consistent with where it was in Q1 through the first 3 quarters. And then, of course, in the fourth quarter, due to higher volumes, it'll be a couple of basis -- or a couple of hundred basis points higher. 
John Currie: Okay. It's hard to dissect the comp only a few weeks into the quarter. But actually, what we're seeing is traffic a little bit stronger, which is very encouraging, but conversion down, which makes sense with a non-ideal product assortment. So it means -- it's telling us that we're maintaining the guests coming in. And when the product is right, that should deliver a rebound, but in the back half. And in on the pop-up stores, I think your question would these be the permanent? They're typically leases of less than 6 months, and unlikely that any of these will be permanent stores. There might be some locations where we would seek out a permanent store, but not in these existing locations. 
John Currie: Yes. I'd say -- I mean, generally, it is higher cost, whether it's textures and prints or additional features that in our pricing architecture, we haven't taken full pricing. And so they do tend to have a lower margin. I think Tara's commented in the past that, potentially, over time, we look at that pricing architecture. But for the near-term, that's really what's driving the larger or the lower margin on the seasonal items. 
John Currie: We just have to do the arithmetic. I mean, we tend to think in units. These stores are each about 3,000... 
John Currie: We said -- highly confident that the gross margin will get back to that mid-50s range. As I said in the past, getting back to mid-20s operating margin, I think, we'll get there. Of course, as we are expanding into new countries, new markets, initial productivity will be lower, so that will bring down operating margin temporarily as those stores ramp up. But the core business and as international operations mature, my view hasn't changed on our ability to achieve that mid-20s operating margin. 
John Currie: Yes. That's okay. Got you. Yes, you're probably still making most of those mistakes. So bottom, bottom line, again, when we look at new store productivity in Q1, it continued to be in that $1,100 to $1,200 per square foot range, similar to what we've seen over the last 18 months. 
John Currie: Okay. I think all of the various IT systems and initiatives are probably close to $40 million of that number. There's, what, 10 , 15 of various head office-related capital. And the balance is either new store build-out or -- we have a pretty significant renovation program every year. I think you'll see CapEx in a similar range for a couple of years and maybe beyond. But it's certainly on the store side, and with systems once you get them all implemented, it's time to upgrade them. So probably that's sort of level is a good number for several years. 
John Currie: Yes, I think, a couple of things gave us confidence that you're going to see stronger comps in the second half. First of all, as Tara said, the product assortment won't be ideal in the second half, but it'll be improved over what we saw in Q1 and what we're dealing within Q2. And then secondly, the downturn in traffic and some of the issues started really in Q3, Q4 last year. So we're going to be lapping weaker performance in the second half of 2013 versus what we saw at the start of the year. 
John Currie: Yes -- sorry, I just got to find it. Yes, U.S. combined comps was 2%, and the U.S. is minus 5%. Sorry, Canada was minus 5%. 
John Currie: Yes. In the second half, we see Q3 turning to positive combined comps. And you're right, sort of mid to -- maybe mid to -- a little bit above comps in Q4. In terms of inventory composition, similar to last quarter, where -- as I said on the -- in the prepared remarks, we're a little heavier than we'd like to be overall in inventory, but the excess is primarily excess core. And we deal with that just by reducing forward orders, which we have done it. And that excess of core is actually coming down. So we feel pretty good about the freshness of the balance of the inventory. Then in general, we're doing things like opening these pop-up stores. So that even with weaker than we'd like to see sales trends, we're able to clear this inventory at full price. 
John Currie: I mean, even though we're seeing -- we're more comfortable with traffic and we still are seeing a deceleration in comps coming into Q2, and that's reflected in my guidance. And so as we extrapolate out, we are taking into account the positives in terms of product assortment, et cetera. But I think it's still prudent to be conservative and expect that the underlying trend continues for the time being. 
Tara Poseley: Janet, Tara here. So just -- I've been pretty consistently saying in 9 -- when I came into the business and knowing our product life cycle, it's a 9 months calendar. I've been pretty consistent that I was getting that rebalance of core and seasonal corrected for the third quarter, not the second quarter. And then also I've been chasing into prints and really continuing to work on the reinvention of core. And we'll start to see more of that in bottoms, as we get into Q3. And then Q4, my focus not only with the rebalance, but also making sure -- working closely with design to really try to affect the beauty technical piece that's so important to our brand, and it really sets the foundation of who Lululemon is. So for second quarter, I mean, those assortments were done well over 1 year ago prior to me getting here. But we've used the Fast Turn team pretty aggressively to affect third and fourth quarter. 
Tara Poseley: Okay. I'll start. And just on the process and sourcing side, one of the things, as I've been here since November and really on the ground in Vancouver starting in February, one of the things that I have found in really digging into our go-to-market calendar with Jennifer is, we have a go-to-market calendar that really supports a much smaller company and doesn't necessarily reflect the complexity of where we are today and where we're going in the future. So work that we have done and put underway, we brought in outside consultants, who I've actually worked with in the past, to do a deep dive on our go-to-market calendar. And over the next 6, 12 and 18 months, we are going to be implementing the findings that we found, as we really looked in and did the deep dive on the calendar. So I think, from a quality standpoint, Laurent has talked about it, all the process, procedure is in place for quality. And now our real focus is on the go-to-market calendar and creating a really efficient, strong calendar that supports an innovative product organization. So as we move into Q3 and Q4, I've talked a great deal about on this year, it's just really about building our foundation. So we're going to be beginning to shift our process as we move into Q3 and Q4, which we'll really start seeing the result as we move into Q2 of 2016 and beyond. And then the core versus the seasonal product and pricing structure, one of the things we've initiated is a very strategic work around pricing, where we sit in the market place and our pricing architecture. And as I see opportunities, both in the core and in the seasonal to adjust pricing, through that very methodical approach, we'll be doing so. So then I'll just turn it over, because I think there might have been another question about driving traffic. 
Tara Poseley: Well, I think that we have been talking about the core that we have an opportunity to evolve our core, as we move forward. So I would say the first place that we'll start seeing the results first would be in the bottoms and then tops and jackets really following in subsequent quarters. Did that answer your question, Oliver? I'm not sure. 
Tara Poseley: So we're really pleased with the men's business. Q1, our big focus was on really landing our men's fit, which we are pleased to have done, as well as really focus on the base of our sweat assortment. So we've been pleased with the results there. So I think the men's team, this is their first quarter of our nearly formed men's team with Felix del Toro. And we're excited about the momentum that I'm continuing to see in the product that's going forward in Q2 and Q3 and moving into Q4. I don't like giving specifics on exactly what is doing well in the assortment, because that's just nice information I would just be handing out to competition. But we're very pleased with the results and where we see that business going, as well as when we talked about the Ivivva business, and I think the product there looks tremendous and very excited for the team and also the momentum there gaining in their business as well. 
Tara Poseley: That's okay. So what we've been, and we talked about it on the last call, is we have a core product assortment that has not been evolved as quickly as it should have been. And we're diligently working away at that. We didn't have enough depth in our seasonal product in Q1. We're very -- our balance is more heavily weighted towards core and less on the seasonal. So we're getting that rebalanced back in line. And it will be running more where it was running in 2012, by the time we get back into Q3 and Q4. I think there's been a real lack of cohesive merchandising stories in our store, really telling those product stories in a really clear and concise way. So lots of opportunity there, especially as we move into '16. And then, again, I talked about the go-to-market calendar. We have a lot of opportunity to evolve that process to really express where we are as a more complex North American brand and moving forward, as a global brand. So a lot of work being done there. That will bring a lot more consistency as we move into '16 in our product storytelling and our beautiful technical product landing in stores on time, in right place at the right time as we talked about. 
