Christine Day: Thanks, John. I would just like to thank, again, all of our educators and people at the support center that made this great quarter happen. And again, we're very excited about the balance of the quarter and wishing you a big happy holidays.  With that, we will open it up to questions. 
Christine Day: From an operations perspective, we've had the team on the ground basically over the last 18 months building our capacity for international supply chain, doing all of the compliance, all the duty rates, so a lot of behind the scenes both modeling, information gathering, analysis, making sure that we have compliant product going into all of the markets. And so we're well on our way in that work for all of the markets that we're looking to enter, even just through e-Commerce or through strategic sales and eventually showrooms in those markets. And initially, we will focus on some of the main markets, for us, that's the U.K., Hong Kong. We'll open some on-the-ground presence in Singapore and Germany in the short term, and then we'll go through more markets until we do the 15. We'll be working in both the Asian markets and the European market simultaneously. So a lot of great progress on that operationally and both in the supply chain and building the team that's capable of doing that and building the systems, so being very prepared. 
Christine Day: Number one, the response to the product in terms of the technical user runner who purchase it, loves it so it's really well received as a technical product. And definitely, we see long-term being in the business of the technical mid-layer and layering pieces. So it's important for us strategically to drive the business in where we want to be in being a market leader and innovating. What we realized when we put the whole package together and saw it on the floor set that overall store price felt a little high to us, and we realized that we really want long-term commitment to this product, so we made the strategic decision to bring the price point down to a more accessible level to really get it in the hands of the people who we want it to be in and to drive the line. So that was really what guided our decision was that, first and foremost. And then the second was recognizing that overall, our price points were a little higher than we'd like to have seen in the holiday period. So we feel good about where that's at. And as John said, we're trending against our expectations, and we feel really good about that product in particular. 
Christine Day: I think one of the things that really surprised us at the end of Q3 and coming into Q4 was the strength of our basic bottoms business. We ordered an extra heavy amount kind of towards the end of the quarter because those are easily replenished items. And it really drove traffic on the Wunder Unders, the Groove Pants. The bottoms have been an exceptional performer in the core business, which has been really great to see. A strategic decision that we made was to walk away from some of the cottons that we've done in the past because they're not as technical product. Those were high-volume sales drivers for us, so transitioning the customer to a more technical guest is still always a strategy that we're optimizing. So if to do it over, I would probably not have walked away maybe as much in the holiday season from that because that scuba hoodie for young girls is a big gift giver. But I think we'll look at that again for next year, but on the whole, the technical product is great and the core business is great. And it's more a story about what strategically we chose not to do for the holiday season. 
Christine Day: Yes. I mean, I think, we -- we're obviously a little excited about the premiumness of that product because it truly is. And so we priced it as a premium product, but then when we stood back and really looked at it in the store and our desire to really drive it as a key line piece for long-term, we made the decision to bring it back down in margin and in price point. But it's still a very healthy margin product, so it's not like we're going below our historical margin levels in doing so. 
Christine Day: I think the fourth quarter is always a little bit more of an unusual situation where you've got outerwear and then this year, we led into the technical mid-layer. But our core business margins continue to strengthen. We've been able to leverage some of our supply chain, some efficiencies, so even with rising either raw materials or labor, we've been able to really hold strong margins on our core product. Always in innovation, we're going to accept slightly lower margins to drive the business. Usually, those are on higher ticket items, so from a dollars perspective, those are our key. And I think it's what the strategic choices are about the things that we do in between because we believe in not just cluttering our store with stuff. And our goal is to always innovate and have a discipline to do what we are driving strategically versus easy sales because as a market leader, that's what keeps you disruptive and innovative. So we're always leaving room in our margins to perform overall, though, hitting the target of the 55% range that John has laid out. And that's our goal is to always innovate while hitting the target that we've laid out. 
Christine Day: Yes, there was about a 2.5-week where we were down, and it did carry through Thanksgiving weekend and through the next week. 
Christine Day: So we always do in the summer a few casual layering dresses to go either with the swimsuit pod or just for fun. They always blow out. They're well received. But that's not what we would consider a major -- that's a fun item for us. It's not necessarily what we would call the technical street. So when we talk about moving into technical street, it's always technical first. And so things like the what the fluff? line to us represents a technical street where it's beautiful enough to wear as your outerwear but it also has that highly technical element to it. So you'll see us move more into technical that crosses over. And some of the beauty of like the Men's jacket, the commuter jacket that was just out there, is so handsome on, but at the same time, you can ride a bike in the rain and show up for work and it's so handsome. So those are the things that we refer to when we talk about pushing the line into technical street. And we'll always do things like the dresses or something for a little bit of summer fun because our guest enjoys it and, frankly, so do we. 
Christine Day: I think that's the plan over time. And obviously, we have very high sales per square foot, and we have to plan in what the future growth is going to be and do that in a very strategic way, and I think that's what you see us doing. 
Christine Day: Yes. Well, I think you'll see based on outerwear in Q4, that always does drive it up, but at the same time -- which is your average ticket. But at the same time, the volume of the core being sold kind of neutralizes it, so it does depend a little bit quarter-by-quarter, but definitely, the comps with the technical line shift and a little bit higher price per piece will add -- will start to build that ticket over time. 
Christine Day: Let me answer the second part, and I'll let Sheree answer the product piece. But our -- the overall effect of the small buy in capsules varies -- does not really drive our margin in particular. However, what I will say about that is, when we take a fabric or a new innovation from a capsule and drive it into the main line, in the beginning, there is usually a small decrease in margin until it becomes a consistent part of the line and we reach efficiency. So it's not the capsule per se. It's the translation of innovation into the main line that would have that effect until we get to a point of efficiency, which is why we always -- that investment in innovation is so critical for us. But we also know as the market leader and the disruptor while we're creating new space is what we strategically want to drive and we're constantly reinvesting the gross margin that's over the 55 into the product to be -- maintain the market leadership. I just want to make sure that our strategy is really well understood. With that, I'll let Sheree tell you what's exciting about capsule. 
Christine Day: One of the things that I learned tremendously was in working in international at Starbucks, and Barbara did as well, it is far better to spend your money on the infrastructure and getting ready to build a profitable business model when you go in rather than to build a loss-leading market and then cleaning it up afterwards by putting the fixes in place. So we're being very disciplined about creating a healthy business model, and it's not growth at any cost. We've built the models and are testing them, and the beauty of showrooms is it gives us the ability to test the labor rate, the real estate rate, the duty import rate so that we can fine tune the model market-by-market. We also can see what's driving the guest behavior, what's the definition of luxury in the market, what's the definition of technical. So all the pre-seeding we work, we're doing now. All those learnings are being taken in, and so the same strategy that we did in the U.S. is learned from the showrooms and have highly profitable stores from day 1. That's what we're looking to do. So it's not a first-to-market. At the same time, being an early mover in e-Commerce in the showrooms protects our IP and allows us to own the brand and the strategy in all of the markets. So what you see us doing is laying the groundwork for financial success, a healthy business model, which allows us to continue to be who we are strategically everywhere we go. 
Christine Day: It's not, right? So I mean, your real estate in London is a lot more expensive. So we open -- our goal is to open a showroom a few more days and to bring in more of the wow product than the basic product than we did in U.S., so we very much localized to create the business model that's needed. And you'll see us do maybe more trunk shows in combination with our showrooms. You'll see us do slightly larger stores in those markets but fewer of them because you've got more density in the city. So we're very strategic about how we adapt yet create the same outcome in the markets. And we have a very successful profitable business in Australia, and that, as many people know, when you grow internationally, it's not easy to do. 
Christine Day: Yes. So when we go into a market, we've already looked at all of the penetration of potential stores that we would want to have in the market. Then what we do we is we basically create a target real estate list of where we want to be. We open the showrooms, we open stores in sequence of how we want to build the brand, so kind of hip urban, urban affluent, suburban affluent. We don't target necessarily where we think the highest volume sales [indiscernible] because we're building a brand, and that's important over the psychology of a market. So we look at each market in a stand-alone way, and we then are real estate opportunistic and say, if we want to be on this street and intersection because we've plotted the whole market and great, a real estate shows up, when people are doing 5- and 10-year leases, if I don't take it then, I'm going to let somebody else take it and it would be 10 years before I get that corner. So we do it in a very knowing mapped out way. When we do cannibalize a store, it typically is less than -- 10% is the maximum I think we've seen and it recovers very quickly. So we still have very much growing brand awareness and demand. So we want the 3 to 5 or 10, whatever the market will hold best stores on our target, that's our first priority, and if it meant that there was a little bit of short-term impact to a store, we'll take it rather than let competition because what would happen if we had -- where you don't want to be is in a B store in a market that has a potential with a lot of stores as more competition comes along. So everything we do is very strategic and has the long-term decision in mind. 
Christine Day: I just want to mention, I did not answer John's second part of the question which is why we don't put the logo -- or the name on every store, sorry I didn't answer that, John. The reason we don't do that is, exactly, it made you curious. And so the first store when we're building awareness in the market, we always do that. But we find actually in our model less signage, more authentically local. We deliberately try to be very community-oriented and we don't believe in putting 12 signs on our store. We're very respectful of being part of the community and the street. And we use community to engage and drive traffic, not signage. 
Christine Day: We've been working for the last 2 years to build our capacity with our manufacturers, and so we don't see any barriers from that perspective. We've got strategic plans in place with most of them and doing everything from extra backups from any of the fabrics that we do, alternate choices and flexed capacity and demand. Working on a 9-month calendar like we do, we don't have the luxury of 24 months' lead times to get right orders to factory. So this is something that we have to pay a lot of attention to, to make our flow and model work. And I think Linda [ph] and her team who run that for us have really done a fantastic job this last year, particularly on base products and on some more complex sewing products that we do. 
Christine Day: Yes. I think it's always a little more difficult to read a 53-week year in terms of sales build. But I believe we have great product in the store right now, we have more color than we've had all year, we have more technical pieces and we have great stock in basics. So we just -- we're ready for the consumer. 
Christine Day: Right. And I think what's important is that our base operating functions, we've seen a lot of leverage in all of the functions, except for IT, we're making investments. Products, we're investing in supply chain; international, quality. And as John said, we're reinvesting in preopening and new market expenses, which will normalize. But I want to assure you that in the core business, we have seen leverage across the SG&A and now, we're reinvesting that leverage to provide growth, which is what our job is. 
Christine Day: Yes, I think we've already declared that it's Hong Kong and Singapore where we already have a presence with strategic sales and you're kind of on-the-ground in both of those markets, and we're moving more quickly to stores in Hong Kong. And then London, you'll see us increase our penetration of showrooms this next year, and then the next market that you'll see us targeting is Germany. 
Christine Day: So we don't want to give away all our secrets. So what I'll just say is that there's on the team -- on-the-ground teams that are working in a variety of markets, doing what we do best, which is build a community and engagements so that we are authentically local and that we're driving desire and demand by the time that we reach the market with a physical presence. 
Christine Day: We, obviously, do a lot of benchmarking and we do a lot of our design meetings where we're in with athletes and asking them what they like to use. We do a lot of product testing. And so it's a very active -- and those are the ones that people know that we do. There's a lot that people don't know that we do that I don't actually want to share. So rest assured that we like the pay of [ph] travel advisory warning, which is know before you go. And so we're very disciplined about that. 
Christine Day: Well, if I was to follow Chip's direction, it would be huge. So I think everybody's very excited and see it's a huge opportunity. And we've already got a lot of basic pieces in the line, which are very beloved, and we see Men's buy in bulk, and so we've built a really good basics assortment. And as Sheree said, it's now about refining to complete the whole architecture in the line. But we've just got some incredibly handsome pieces that are out there right now. The Men's Mission Pant is the best pant that we've ever done, extremely well received in the marketplace, getting a lot of great feedback about that. I already mentioned the Men's commuter jacket, which we did in a relatively small amount and got out there, and now all of a sudden, with people are seeing guys in it, everybody's coming in trying to get it, so very excited about the response because that's kind of a new direction for us. And as we already discussed, we've really added to the bandwidth of guests who's shopping with us. We're seeing a younger male attracted. We've got our existing core, and now we're working to really fill in the desire. So we definitely see it as a major growth opportunity for us strategically. 
Christine Day: I think what you saw year-over-year was, if you recall last year, our factories delayed our outerwear so we canceled it, so we actually had none last year. And we had a very small drop right around Christmas of the original what the fluff? line that we were testing last year. So this year, of course, would feel like more because we actually skipped a year of doing any outerwear, and then you went from outerwear into a bigger what the fluff? So I think the overall impact in the store felt a little bit more like technical mid-layers and some outerwear, but we really didn't do too many more styles in direct outerwear than we've been historically. We did skip doing the big, big heavy down jacket that we've done in the past and boy, did we hear about that from our Canadian guests, so I think you can expect to see that back. And so it was very well received. I was just in the store over the last couple of days and we had a woman who'd come in and bought a coat at let's just say another store and she came in and saw ours, bought it and went out the door to return the one she just bought. So we were pretty excited to see that and have a really great outerwear collection. And I think the style that we bring to outerwear is exceptional. 
Christine Day: Great, thank you. So Sheree and I would like to thank our product team, the design, merch, supply chain for being relentless and pushing boundaries. We believe we have the best product team in the world, complemented by the best educators, creating a guest experience in our stores.  So with that, thank you, and happy holidays to everyone. 
John Currie: No, we're in a solid inventory position for Q4. Remember that the quarter-end inventory number is just a point in time. It doesn't take into account the flow. We don't see ourselves being constrained by inventory in Q4. 
John Currie: And in terms of SG&A, you're already seeing some of the SG&A related to international in the second half of this year. As we go into next year, and we haven't been specific yet just in terms of how many showrooms and how many countries we'll open. But there will be some drag on SG&A leverage, but it won't be significant. But I'll talk about it more in the next earnings call. 
John Currie: No. The warehouse sales aren't included in our comp. We do intend to have a couple of warehouse sales this year, so it is in my revenue guidance. 
John Currie: Okay. Again, as I said, coming into the quarter, we've got a strong inventory position with additional product coming in. So the flow, whereas in the past, it has created some ups and downs, we don't see that as being a factor this year. In terms of markdowns, again, as I've been saying the last few quarters, probably up a little bit year-over-year, but still at a very low overall level of markdowns relative to our history in retail in general. 
John Currie: Okay. The impact of Sandy, I don't want to make it sound like that was material. I mean, a small number of our stores were closed for a few days. But that -- if it was $1 million, that's probably a good estimate, so that's really not a big factor. And yes, the other things that Christine mentioned in terms of product notifications, that did carry on through. 
John Currie: Oh, let's see. The real estate acquisitions totaled about $17 million, $18 million. The balance, I don't have a breakdown in front of me, but as I said, it's new stores, it's renovations and significant investment in IT. 
John Currie: It's something we talk about pretty much every quarter because we do have a healthy cash position. As I've said in the past, my preference at least, is to get to a point where we've got sufficient cash reserves to fund the most aggressive expansion plan in the midst of a deep recession and can still be comfortable. And then, what I see us doing in the future would be to get to a point where we could institute a regular recurring dividend as opposed to looking at special dividends or buybacks. But it's an ongoing discussion. 
John Currie: It's getting pretty granular. I guess I'd just say, with the product notifications back, we're seeing the traffic in business on trend that's consistent with my guidance. 
John Currie: And in terms of your questions on comps. Canada, in spite of its very high productivity, continued in Q3 to deliver a positive low-single digit comp. And in the U.S., again really strong comps in the U.S. We're a little over 30%. 
John Currie: Yes, sorry. Our average unit cost in Q4, I think you were saying. Like-for-like, we're seeing unit cost pretty flat on a -- by unit basis. I mean, we are innovating, so there's a slight increase when we're doing something new, but I think your point is really like-for-like, which is, as I said, pretty flat over last year Q4. 
John Currie: The adjusted tax rate to 30% or just under 30% is an ongoing tax rate. It will evolve over time based on the countries we go into and where our profit is generated. But the benefit really comes from the fact that a lot of our income is taxed in Canada where our -- the IP resides, et cetera. And then Canada has the benefit of a -- quite a low tax rate. 
John Currie: Okay, there's a bunch of questions in there. But as I've said for some time now, our target margin profile is about a 55% gross margin and 25% operating margin. Because we're growing, because we're expanding internationally, making IT investments to support a bigger company in the future, that's what keeps the operating margin down to 25%. If we were just staying in North America and simply running out the growth of that existing business, that operating margin would leverage and we'd get up into the upper 20s. But we are trying to balance both on the gross margin line and the SG&A level, delivering a strong model as we grow. I mean, that's the point, growing but maintaining that strong margin. So yes, from time to time, our gross margin can get above 55%, as I think Christine or Sheree mentioned. We like to invest that excess back into innovation. But there is leverage inherent there, especially as we leverage against occupancy and depreciation, which is in cost-of-sales. Similarly, in terms of SG&A running at about 30%, again, it will be up, it will be down, but especially as we go international, both in terms of the infrastructure investment to support that and as we get into stores, the initial stores in new markets will likely initially deliver a lower operating margin, and that will offset the leverage that we see in the core North American business. 
John Currie: And that's in market. And then behind the scenes, a lot of work in terms of compliance in various markets, employee relations matters, legal and tax structuring, all of that work, distribution centers, that's the groundwork that we've been laying over the past 18 months. 
John Currie: Those higher product costs that deleverage gross margin a year ago over the prior year, those have not reversed, so that's simply carrying on. And then beyond that, as we've mentioned additional innovation, et cetera, as the product cost's up a little bit. 
John Currie: Very little. A lot of retailers are more cotton-centric than we are, so they saw the spike in cotton and then the strong reversal, but cotton really isn't a factor for us. For us, it's more of things like silver, for example, in our Silverescent material. So the answer is no. 
John Currie: It's not a core strategy, but when we have a key location that we see ourselves being in long-term and that can be at our head office or it could be a key store, such as the Newbury Street store that we acquired, we evaluate acquiring it versus entering into a lease where, of course, we're at -- exposed to, on renewal, the lease rates going up. So just strategically, it can be a better way of securing real estate on a long-term basis. 
Sheree Waterson: First of all, we are so excited about what we've learned about capsules. One thing that I continue to talk about is cascading our learnings into our core line, and so when I look at our commute line, when I look at the spin line that we did and so on and so forth, what we were able to get in terms of insights for technologies and then also insights for stylings that we want to bring into the core line has been great. So cascading from more wow factor down into the core I would say is the key learning that we get from capsules. This year, we executed 8. Next year, we're going to go deeper and look at about 6, and that's exciting. We also, you should know, have just hired a Head of Innovations. His name is Dr. Tom Waller, and he is also having us or leading us into the future with some new technical fabric innovations and construction innovations, so we're really looking forward to him joining the team. 
Sheree Waterson: There's always something exciting to look forward to, Janet. Sure. Yes, next year, for 2013, we are doing swim, and so you'll see swim show up a couple of times, one for the early buyer and one for the in-season buyer. So for March, we'll be doing a capsule and then for June, we'll also be doing another capsule. And what you're still going to be noticing is that we're exploring the -- this category, so we're getting better and better at it, and as we do, you'll see that grow. 
Sheree Waterson: This goes back to the way -- what I said earlier. As we learn from capsules, we learn what the key items are in capsules so that the capsules actually become more productive. So one of the things, as an example, that we learned from commute is that there's room for a stretch technical fixed waistband pant, which would go from your bike to work, as an example. And... 
Sheree Waterson: Yes, it's a good one. And so -- but we see the same thing with tops. So for Men's, as an example, we've done polos, and this year for Father's Day, we will have polos that will be great for golf and cross-functional-type activities. So because those have such key item implications, we're learning, and it's becoming more productive, not less. 
