Stuart Haselden: Paul, thanks for the question. So it's exciting to be here. I think that the business has incredible momentum. The investments that the company has been making over the last year seem to be putting the company on track for some explosive growth into the future. The foundation investments we expect will be completed this year, and Tara and her team has done remarkable work. So it's -- I think there's a lot of exciting things in the future for lululemon. So as we -- as to your second question with regards to U.S. versus Canada, what we've seen is sequential improvement clearly end of Q4 in all regions. We saw improvements in all of our geographies in the fourth quarter. The U.S. was clearly stronger than the other geographies that we operate in, but we did see improvements in Canada. In Canada, specifically, we saw a stronger business in the west versus the east in the fourth quarter. That seemed to be continuing into the first quarter, and that's likely related to certain macro factors that are influencing those different areas. But as we focus on our Canadian business and look for ways to continue to drive that business, we have seen some exciting initiatives, and specifically, I call out the work that we've done at our Robson store, our Robson Street store. We did a remodel there last year where we increased the size of the store about 50%. And in the 6 months since the remodel was complete, we've seen traffic and sales increase over 50% in that store, and we've seen our men's business specifically increase over 90%. So we view that as an example and a template for how we might look to pursue similar strategies in other stores in Canada and elsewhere in our chain for that matter. We actually did a similar project at our Santa Monica store in California and have seen a similar outcome in terms of the increase in sales and sales productivity. So we're excited to see those projects, and we're excited to see that as another way we can continue to drive our business. So I think that we're seeing the sequential improvements. Certainly, what has happened in the first quarter in regards to weather and the port delays are impacting both the U.S. and our Canadian businesses, but we're encouraged by the momentum that we're seeing. 
Stuart Haselden: Thanks, Matt. It's Stuart. So the product margin guidance that we gave -- or the gross margin guidance that we gave does reflect that our expectation -- and we're seeing this in the early part of Q1, that our product margins will stabilize. And what I mean by that is that it should be at least flat. And we are, in fact, seeing that. So that reflects a sequential improvement in those input costs from Q4 into Q1. The pressure that we're seeing and the guidance that we gave around gross margin is really related to the occupancy and depreciation primarily. There are some other factors, FX and also some continued investments in the team and the foundational product engine that the lion's share of that pressure this year is related to that occupancy and depreciation that we called out. And there were -- the discrete factors that we had mentioned in the prepared remarks and, specifically, the larger format stores, some of the major renovations and relocations that are connected to what I just described at our Robson and Santa Monica stores, but it comes with some increase in occupancy and depreciation related to that. We see that as temporary until those stores reach their run rate productivity and a net benefit to the P&L over the long term. And the last thing that was pressuring that occupancy and depreciation was just the Columbus DC investment that we made that now is complete. 
Stuart Haselden: Thanks, Oliver. It's Stuart. So the inventory impact from the port delays, it's really -- it's across the board in the inventory flows planned in the early part of Q1. And so what we're seeing is a meaningful portion of the inventory for the quarter has been delayed up to 3 weeks, and there's a smaller portion that's been delayed beyond that time frame. So it's affecting the spring flows that we had planned and even some of the late winter flows. So we're working hard with the -- our merchant teams are working hard to optimize inventory that we have and get ready for those flows that we expected to come earlier when they do hit the stores so that we can be well positioned from a marketing and an educator standpoint so that we're able to make the most of it. To your other questions, in terms of the merch margin impact, it certainly affects the merch margin. I feel, at this point, we're not backing away from the guidance that we gave. We feel we'll be able to work through these issues and still deliver that stabilized merch margin for the year. And that picture is benefiting from a lot of work that Tara and her team have done over the last year, and we're starting to see the fruits of that work. And then for your last question in regards to the store sizes and formats, so we continue to test and experiment new formats. We're seeing the potential for expanded store footprints, particularly, as we have a growing men's business that we're now working to ensure that we're presenting that in the strongest manner and making sure we have enough space to accommodate the experiences in a high-quality way. So it's going to be market by market. We'll look for flagship-type locations where it makes sense. Otherwise, we'll test expanded formats where we see the potential demand. And again, it's really a trade area and market-driven exercise. And then we'll also continue to roll out the ivivva stores we mentioned. 
Stuart Haselden: Matt, it's Stuart. So on your traffic question, so we continued to see strong traffic into Q1. So the traffic acceleration that we saw late in 2014 has continued into Q1. Conversion has improved sequentially. It's still been a headwind for us. We've seen some slight improvement in AUR as well. So we're encouraged by the traffic, and we look to that as an indicator that the momentum that we had in the fourth quarter is, in fact, extending into Q1. And we're working through the inventory issues, as you mentioned, which is really the bigger headwind for us currently. We feel as -- the inventory will begin to rebalance likely in Q2 and will more normalize -- the flows will hopefully more normalize into the second half of the year. But nonetheless, we're responding to our new expectations for when we expect to receive inventory so that we're well positioned to make the most of it. So in terms of the amount of inventory we have, we're comfortable with both the increase -- the level of increase and the composition, the health of that inventory. So we're comfortable with that. I'm going to pause there and ask you to repeat your last question. 
Stuart Haselden: Sure. Yes. I think over the long term, we expect to maintain a very disciplined posture in terms of our inventory investments versus our top line revenue. But given some of the disruptions that we've seen this year with regard to the supply chain, you may see some point-in-time anomalies where that relationship may become disconnected. But again, we're confident that as we plan the business for this year and into next year, we will ensure that we maintain that discipline and the relationship between the inventory position and our sales momentum. 
Stuart Haselden: Thanks, Ed. Yes, so the markdowns into Q1 versus Q4 and versus last year, rather, we see it as a similar level of markdowns. We may opportunistically run some markdown activities to take advantage of our inventory position. And more recently, we actually ran an event earlier this week that was really an opportunistic chance for us to drive some traffic to the store to get clean on some of the late winter inventory flows that were reaching our stores now so that we're ensure -- we're ensuring we're in a clear place for the spring flows that are in the pipeline. And so it really should not put us measurably different year-over-year from a markdown standpoint. It was really small in terms of the overall percentage of the sales and inventory for the quarter and really not a departure from things we've done in the past. We've been doing similar programs for several years. So no concerns with regard to markdowns. Overall, similar posture to last year, and we'll continue to leverage that. In terms of your other question around the clearance philosophy, I mean, it's -- I can tell you versus other places I've worked, this is a remarkably full-priced business. It's a very powerful brand. We do not drive our business with markdowns, and it's remarkably healthy in that regard. So I think where we choose to do markdown activity, it's really purely aimed at liquidation and getting the inventory in the position we want it to be. The warehouse sales you mentioned have been wildly successful I think because of that strong full-priced position of the brand. And so we'll continue to evaluate where and when to do those, but it's really -- it's not part of the business model in terms of driving sales with markdowns. And we don't have plans to introduce that going forward. 
Stuart Haselden: Sure. Yes, Adrienne. I think you have the -- what we disclosed around the sales per square foot and where we landed for Q4. The comps were strong across the business in the fourth quarter. We saw stronger comps in the U.S. versus Canada, but we saw sequential improvements in both geographies. So we're not going to break down the specifics by region. But suffice it to say, we are encouraged by the results that we saw in all of our geographies, Canada and the U.S. included. 
Laurent Potdevin: And Oliver, again, it's Laurent. As far as the multistore format, I mean, we'll play with larger format, I mean, areas where it makes sense. We might also play with smaller store formats if you think about resorts, whether it's at the beach or in the mountains. And with our enhanced stability to look at localized assortment and really leverage omni-channel, I mean, we'll look at different formats around the world. But what's really important is that we look at the same level of profitability 4-wall contribution from all of those formats. 
Laurent Potdevin: The showroom has continued to perform incredibly well. And we've actually seen an acceleration of our performance in Germany, and we continue to perform really well in Asia. And we're opening a couple showrooms soon in Sweden. So it's still a very, very powerful and nimble way for us to enter the market and to enter communities. And we see the performance continuing to increase. As we look -- as we sort of reengineer the assortment, given the higher level of brand awareness that we see in the new regions that -- or the new markets that we're entering. 
Laurent Potdevin: I mean, Ed, this is Laurent. I mean, you've heard us speak for over a year now about scarcity strategy. And obviously, we've been more scarce this past year than we'd like to be. But we're very focused on continuing [ph] to be scarce and driving business with very high sales for at full retail. And there might be categories in very narrow selection of the product where we're going to go deeper to really understand the full potential of our opportunities, especially as it relates to men's. 
Laurent Potdevin: As you recall, some of our discussions at ICR, I mean, we've had some of the same successes with some of our core assortment. So really, it's not about a core or seasonal. That discussion needs to go away. I mean, it's really going be driven by the guests, and in different parts of the world, we're going to be seeing different mix with different maturity of the brand but [indiscernible] it's going to be equally as strong and as profitable in both categories. 
Laurent Potdevin: Howard, I mean, I've answered that question many, many times. I mean, I think that we've got -- the overall market globally is growing. And the strengths and the number of competitors really validate the long-term growth and size of the market. But we either compete against everybody or we compete against nobody. I mean, we own the market that we created. And we have second-to-none products and guest experience. And our vertical model really allows us to create experiences that are unique. So I really look at ourselves as being in a very unique position, and we're going to continue to lead as the premium segment of the market in distribution that we control. So I feel very good that with investments that we're making in innovation, in products, in guest experience as well as in brand and community, we're going to continue to lead the market, and the competitors will come as the market gets healthier. 
