Christine Day: Thanks, John. I just want to reiterate that we are exactly where we want to be, balancing our long-term growth, innovation and execution and that our business fundamentals remain strong. With that, we're going to open it up to Q&A. 
Christine Day: Okay. So I think we feel that we got some great learnings about the bikes. And also, I want to be clear that we don't just maybe test something once, something like the cycling could repeat and we will come back later in the year with some additional tests. So we feel it's a very controlled way to manage our long-term growth opportunities, and it's the right thing as a market leader to continue to innovate. 
Christine Day: I think market-by-market, we feel optimistic about each one of those markets. And while we have sometimes day-to-day choppiness, we know it's more related at this point to our product flow and timing of deliveries. We hear a lot of noise in the macro market. I think, like other retailers, we're going to control what we can control. We've always been disciplined planners, looking at upside and downside, and I feel we're well poised to manage through anything. And John and I are professional worriers, so we always will look at that and have our contingency plans. But at this point, we don't see anything that, as we've stated in our guidance, that's going to change our outlook for the year. 
Christine Day: I think that was harder for us to tell because our delivery cycle and what we were anniversary-ing. If you remember last year, our biggest chase dropped, the end of Q1, beginning of Q2, and we oversold a little bit more than we planned in Q1. So I think, could that have been a little bit of it, yes. But I think separating that from our own cadence of product flow for us at this time, is just noise. I don't think it was anything significant. 
Christine Day: I think it's a shift from last year, Omar. And what we learned in last year when we were so heavily in chase, as we stated in prior calls, what we started to get a little concerned about was when a you over order what you can get versus what you know the consumer needs, there's a brand cost to that. And so chasing any dollar might produce something in the short term. But longer term, making sure that we have the quality, that we have the right amount of scarcity, that we're innovating what's needed as a market leader from a brand and long-term growth story is a position we'd rather be in, rather than if we chase an extra amount of pink when yellow is what's needed, we really just create, in our opinion, future markdowns and destroy the brand. So we're always looking at that. Now, are we doing no chase? Absolutely not. Are we doing as much as we did the year before? No. We believe our buys are solid. We're planning for a great Q4 and Q1. And we've always been committed to quality, because the other thing we don't want to run into is we're doing -- and innovation just isn't capsules and pods, its new fabrics, its blending fabrics on garments. And that requires more complexity and more construction. So we want to make sure that quality is always what we're doing well, because those are the long-term fundamentals our brand was built upon. So we're smart about chase and balancing that with growth and innovation and our ability to execute the brand that we know the consumer wants us to be. 
Christine Day: Yes. And I think strategically using our very strong gross margin to continue to create a long-term brand success story is the right thing to do. 
Christine Day: Yes. I'll do the weather one. We, like anybody, would be subject to extreme weather patterns like huge floods or closing or whatever. But on a day-to-day basis or overall seasonal basis, we don't seem to be as tied. We are much more tied to our product flow. Now could there been a little pull forward as we started hearing other people talk about that, we kind of looked at it. We feel our businesses still run far more by our product flow and the guest demand that we create than weather patterns or other factors. 
Christine Day: What I think is important to understand when we talk about innovation, capsules is one small part of it. There's also innovation in our run garments in terms of new fabric, new trim, new technology, in men's, in jacket. So it's also innovating in our core line that we're constantly investing in. 
Christine Day: I think the right way to think about it is that, that's always our biggest opportunity for a buy and consumer demand. There's less risk with taking bigger buys for that quarter. So that's always a part of the psychology of that, but there's a lot of different factors. Where we didn't want to be, where we were last year, was whenever you chase and you innovate a new line while you chase, you have a choice, right? You're going to chase what you already have and will that sell again? And is that the right answer? Or are you going to chase something new? And if you chase something new and you have to go all the way back to fabrics, like we do, then that takes a lot of your time and you're not then also planning for great success later in the year. So we're always balancing future success with immediate success. And as our garments get a little more complex, and which is a cost of creating the market and being a market leader, we always want to make sure we're maintaining quality with all of these new fabrics and innovations, that everything from the dyes work on the cross fabrics, that we get all the right trims that meet our quality standard. And we don't want to chase a short-term sale and sacrifice our reputation for quality or execution. That's a slippery slope, and we really just don't want to be there. 
Christine Day: Yes. On ivivva, it continues on track. We're pleased with the performance of it. But it's not -- at this point, we're not ready to blow it out. You'll see a couple more stores opening. The business continues to do well. Because we don't have stores opened in the U.S., we did do a flash sale recently with Zulily to exit some aged products within the U.S. market. We didn't do it in Canada, where we have the stores. And you won't see us do that very often, but we don't want to open -- we're not ready to open stores in the market and we don't want to discount too much on our website sales. So on track, pleased with the story, feel like we've got a great concept there. But right now, we want to let it mature, grow at the right pace, and we feel it's doing well. 
Christine Day: I don't think we -- we haven't released going forward what we think the store count is internationally. But obviously, it's a healthy market for us as we believe a couple of other -- of the bigger markets in Europe are. But honestly, we're equally excited by Asia and the demand that we're seeing there. The yoga market is very strong and growing in Asia as well. So we actually see both markets as attractive. But I really feel in a lot of ways that Asia is even more compelling than Europe. 
Christine Day: And Sheree just recently got back from a trip to visit the markets last week. And after she looked at how we're handling counter seasonal products she said, "We have a lot of opportunity." And I think that we do feel we've considered ourselves a little bit as we've been learning to deal with that situation because they've had to buy and hold, and our product changes so rapidly. Mixing those together, after Sheree saw that she said, "Wow, I can do a lot better." So, I mean I think we always have opportunities and that it's been a great growth story. And to have profitable markets where your labor costs and store costs are higher gives us great confidence in our ability to grow the model internationally. And the learnings we've had from supporting that market has been key to our planning for international strategy. So I think there's been a lot of wins and a lot of potential in that market and a lot of learnings for us. 
Christine Day: Well, if you think about our model, there's core and replenishment, right? So let's break out the 2 conversations. On the core product, which is replenished, of course, that slowed and that is a planning and buy function. But then when we color seasonal items or we do our new kind of innovative or wow items or colors, that's where it's more difficult. So if you put like Paris Pink for instance, that has to go all the way back because we're yarn dyed, we're not a greige dip, which is what gives us the quality that lasts 5 years. So if I want to hold greige fabric to chase and dip, I'm going to have a different quality level than I currently do today. And then if I over order Paris Pink and all of a sudden it becomes ordinary, I haven't created something special. So then I would have to take a designer to design something new, change either the garment or change and create a new fabric. So what we are doing is investing in our development function, which allows us to do more of and have a faster response to our lab dips and dyes, I'm getting quite technical here, but you asked, so that we can speed up our ability to have incremental colors and products. What we really don't want to be is just buying in bulk to meet demand, because then we'll lose what makes us special. So we have to balance that with the demand. And then as it gets more complex, as you start to add garments with more functionality in 2 fabrics together, dye holds on one, not on another. So it's complex. And I think as a growth company, what we always want to make sure we're doing is also balancing quality. We had a couple of dyes that didn't work and we pulled those qualities -- those items, because we won't put bad product on the floor. So we're committed to that. We leave room for that. That's already all forecasted in everything we do. They weren't big mistakes, but we don't want to make those kind of mistakes and put that out in our guests' hands. 
Christine Day: I don't -- I think it's some of the learnings that we had last year when we heavily invested in chase. And then we stopped, which you saw kind of in Q3, and then really just focused on a forward Q4, Q1 execution which, obviously, you saw play out really well. So what we take a look at is current sales trends. We're trying not to overreact in the short term. Because look, in this environment, at the size we are, strong double-digit comp growth, we think is a great story with a healthy margin. So I really don't feel the need to apologize for that level of performance and growth track record that we have. And then looking at the forward opportunity and making those right investments to create that continued success. And that's what we're always after, strong and steady, excellence in execution, being better than everyone else in the marketplace is what creates a winning strategy for the long term. And balancing short and long term and the impact it has on an organization that's still growing infrastructure. That's our job, and we think we do it pretty well. 
Christine Day: We do see some, but in the beginning when we first -- like when we introduced run, for example. We had a lot of new fabric and we chose to price it what the right price was for the garment in the marketplace. And in the beginning, take a little bit of a reduced margin. And then we built that up, over time, as we extended the line, got into our minimum runs, et cetera. So that's part of the cadence. We always plan a garment for a future that it will live within our product line at the high margins. But in the beginning when we innovate and we're testing fabric, that's built in into the way that we build the model and extend the lines. So we always are looking for high-value, high-margin garments. That's the business we're in, not quick turn high-volume T-shirts. 
Christine Day: And I'd just say, we feel really great about our inventory position, how clean it is. So we don't feel like there's any risk on the table either. 
Christine Day: I think online and stores, we see them march very in sync with each other. Our guest is very attuned. It's all about product flow. The guest is looking for that new product wherever it's going to land. They shop both, run to the store quickly. So we don't see a huge difference between the 2. We aren't in the business of really doing a lot of exclusives online. We found that the cadence of the long -- of the life of the product is pretty similar in both stores and online. So we've seen them pretty -- march pretty lockstep with each other. So there's no real difference there. In terms of Men's, we definitely see demand for Men's growing. 
Christine Day: I think we've already done the U.K. dates, which we've said will be later in the year. We're not ready to be a little more specific about that at this time. In terms of Hong Kong, it was really just negotiating the lease and holding out. 
Christine Day: Thank you, and I apologize that we've had to leave some people in the queue, which we normally don't like to do. But hopefully, we'll be able to catch you in follow-up calls. So thank you, everyone, for joining us for the quarter. 
John Currie: In terms of the Q2 comp, remember, the Q1 -- part of our ability to hit a 25 comp in Q1 was because we were so under inventoried the year ago. So one thing to remember is Q2 and the balance of the year is getting to a tougher compare. But beyond that, again, it's really product flow. Again, and in terms of comp, last year, was very up and down. And so the comp, month-to-month, week-to-week and quarter-to-quarter is a function of what we saw a year ago. But in general, the strong comp in Q1, more modest for the mid part of the year. And as I said in the prepared remarks, we deliberately chose to not have our product team dedicate a lot of time to chasing inventory, to catch every last dollar of revenue. They're really much more focused on innovation this year. And so, as I said, the ability to have higher opportunity in product is really back ended to Q4. 
John Currie: No. I mean, the inventory level we're at, in terms of compared to forward sales is appropriate. So inventory levels should be in that same balance for the rest of the year or at least through to Q4. 
John Currie: That was a lot of questions in one. I'll answer them quick. It makes it hard to remember what the first one was. 
John Currie: Yes. I wouldn't say innovation is constraining comps. I mean, we're -- again, we're not scrambling and chasing further upside. But the buy of our core in key styles is appropriate for the level of business we expect, and the innovation is just where we're dedicating those additional efforts. Conversion AUR, pricing, I guess what we saw in the quarter, most of the comp came from traffic with strong higher conversion and slightly higher average basket. 
John Currie: Yes. E-Commerce, as you say, I mean it's tremendous growth there at 179% over last year, and that channel definitely has tremendous momentum, came in at 13.5% of overall revenue, which matched Q4, which was actually a pleasant upside surprise because traditionally, seasonally, Q1 and Q2 e-Commerce is a lower percent of total. So e-Commerce definitely outperformed. We don't include that in our comp base, of course. But it is something to keep in mind when you're looking at overall sales growth. 
John Currie: Okay. We don't specifically breakout comps or performance between country, but consistent with what we've seen in recent quarters. Canada, even though you'd think it's a mature business, comped in the mid-double digits and the U.S. was comping in the mid-30s. So yes, pretty strong in both regions comparable to the maturity of the business. In terms of lower product costs later in the year, I think certainly after Q2, any inflation that was really -- that we started seeing a year or so ago, is going to be reflected in our product costs. But I think as you mentioned, I would say, continued innovation using new fabrics, new construction is likely to offset any cost relief that we might otherwise see in it. And again, we're maintaining sort of a 55% gross margin target for the year. And that reflects the impact of the innovation that we're doing. 
John Currie: In terms of e-Commerce, the increase in Q1 was in part boosted by the fact that last year, we were going through our transition to the ATG platform, which meant we really gradually diminished the inventory that is dedicated to that third-party site until the transition. So even though the increase was still pretty impressive, it will be somewhat more muted for the rest of the year. As I said, it was 13.5% of overall revenue, which is a surprise to the upside. We'd expect to be a little bit lower than that as a percentage of total through the middle quarters of the year, and then traditionally tends to bump up in Q4 for holiday gift giving. The comment about buying stores, I just wanted to flag that because it would impact our capital expenditures. As you know, we have a very healthy balance sheet and a good cash position and it's available to use strategically. And one of the areas that we're looking at is -- in certain key strategic locations, where we know we're going to want to have a story for the long term, it's certainly open to us to acquire those locations as opposed to simply leasing, especially if it's a situation where we may find ourselves in a weak negotiating position down the road on renewal with either the landlord in that location or in malls in the immediate vicinity. So for example, we do have under contract to purchase the store that we recently opened in Newbury. And you may see some more of that, not as a significant amount of capital, overall, but I just want to flag that, that's an initiative that we're pursuing. 
John Currie: Okay. On the inventory for capsules, it's pretty insignificant, quite frankly. Think of capsules are to product what showrooms are to our store base. They're not really a profit driver, they are our testing. So the sales for any one capsule might be expected to be mid-single-digit millions or less and therefore, the inventory related to those capsules is fairly minor. And you're right about the impact of markdowns being about 100 basis points, which was about what we would have expected. And the impact of the commuter line or any other capsule is fairly minor within that. 
John Currie: Okay. In terms of product cost pressure coming from inflation, that's really already baked in and we're just anniversary-ing some of those increases that happened up through the first half of last year. So it's not that there's further inflation that's significantly impacting our costs going forward. 
John Currie: And in terms of e-Commerce and its impact on margins, I think in the Q, you can see the segmented information, and as to the margins coming from the e-Commerce channel, are at a point where they're stronger than our already pretty high store margins. And so as e-Commerce -- and we do expect that over time, it will continue to grow as a percentage of the total. And so that will have a positive impact on both gross and operating margins in the future. 
John Currie: The way we are kind of looking at it, I'd say the brand recognition in Australia, and I guess now in New Zealand now that we've opened our first store, is running about 3 years behind the U.S. And it's comping well. We just opened the e-Commerce site down there, and I'm optimistic that, that will also help drive brand recognition. There's a lot going on back in 2009 when we opened our e-Commerce site in North America. That certainly coincided with the real turning point in terms of brand recognition in the U.S. and I'm sure part of that was attributable to e-Commerce. So we're optimistic that we'll see the same sort of momentum gained in Australia. I mean Australia and New Zealand are great markets for us, as I said they're a little bit less mature, but pretty exciting and on track. 
John Currie: So in terms of the SG&A cadence for the year, at the start of the year we budget, we plan. We set what initiatives we can handle for the year and the headcount associated with it. If anything, it tends to take a little bit of time to hire those people and to get those initiatives started. So as we look at Q2, Q3, what you'll see is those initiatives kicking in and our headcount will add, and that's what compresses the SG&A in the middle of the year. And then at the end of the year, with higher volumes, we'll get leverage again. 
John Currie: But online, it's actually -- I guess men don't like shopping online as much as women because the men's penetration online is much lower than stores. So that's an opportunity. 
John Currie: We didn't have 5 stores, maybe those are showrooms. But we're still on plan for showroom -- for stores for ivivva this year, which is a modest increase. We opened 2 in Q1 and within our overall store count guidance, there might be 1 or 2 more in the back part of the year. 
John Currie: Yes. Of course, new store buildout is always there. As our store base grows and matures and we're getting up to lease renewals, we have a growing number of renovations. And when we come up to a lease renewal we'll typically do a full renovation, which is pretty much the same cost as a new store. In addition, there's a lot more IT system spend and that becomes a much longer conversation, but as we've been talking about IT systems to support the whole supply chain, we're moving forward with a new financial system this year, so that's where a lot of the CapEx is. 
John Currie: I think there's an ongoing need to implement and upgrade systems especially. But I think as we look forward there, I don't see any shockingly large lumps in our CapEx. And a lot of it is discretionary in terms of timing to some extent. So we'll balance our CapEx. So yes, I don't think you'll see any big surprises. 
John Currie: I did mention that we're opening 2 new outlets this year. When you look at -- I mean we've been operating with 3 outlet stores in the U.S. for a couple of years now. When you look at the volume of our business in the U.S. and now that we're back in inventory, it's pretty simple arithmetic to see that, that requires a couple more outlets just to keep the inventory clean. So that's part of the plan for the year. 
John Currie: Yes. As we got into some of the details negotiating with the landlord in Hong Kong, took a little bit longer than the plan, but we're now moving ahead. 
