Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Adrienne. On pricing, we have no plans to change our pricing strategy at this time. As you know, we lead with technical innovation and price our garments accordingly. We're always studying the marketplace and make pricing adjustments as necessary based on the competitive dynamics and opportunities that exist, but we have no plans to make a change heading into 2022. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. Thanks, Matthew. There are a number of the overall driving metrics that point to that. The obvious one is the challenge we've seen in inventory. And even though we've been able to achieve these results, product drops, some of the product innovation and the way in which the design team's intended our activities and our categories to be launched for the guest just haven't materialized pretty much the entire and we've been chasing into that. So we know there's an upside to being able to represent and present the product the way in which it was designed and intended to. That said, when we look at our new guest acquisition, it remains very strong as before the pandemic during and post. We continue to see new guests come into the brand. We continue to have success migrating those new guests up through different categories and their spend journey and the retention of our high-spending loyal lululemon guest remain incredibly strong. What we alluded to during the early pandemic when stores were closed was that we -- we're seeing more of our store only shift into omni. We are seeing our omni-guest spend more. And because we have such a strong position with digital, that enabled them to engage in the brand and do purchasing. And we know there were some store-only guests that could not have access or chose not to. Now that the stores are up and operating, we're very pleased with seeing them return back to the brand as we continue to grow. We referenced stores being great acquirer of men's. Now that they're up and you've seen our men's business has come back incredibly strong, and we see new guests through that and having our stores perform above our 2019 numbers while maintaining our digital is really a factor of all those inputs, predominantly new guests, migration of guests and retention of gas, all very healthy. And we know our product positioning is only going to get stronger, and the team did a wonderful job chasing it, but it wasn't our best -- it was a good foot and it was -- we had a bigger intention even behind what we were able to get out. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. No, thank you. Overall, on product, there haven't been any dramatic shifts to the trends that we saw coming in. We've seen great growth across men's and women's, very balanced growth across categories, top, second layer, bottom, short skirts and into the men's sweat categories and across our activities. So again, and as I've mentioned before, our growth remains very balanced across men's, women's, across each category, across all the activities we've identified and are innovating into and across every region that we are doing business in and across our channels, be it stores and digital. What would I have wanted more of, there are some products that we are light on. Outerwear is a category that has performed incredibly well for us this season. And we didn't have the depth there that we would have wanted. Some of our second layer categories, OTM leading into the holiday have been delayed, some of our early fall receipts. But overall, because of our balance in inventory core, we've been able to and we have learned in. We've made sure through airfreight to have those goods. And they are our fuel and drivers, and they continue to be and we're in a good position, but there are definitely certain items in areas where we've seen the delay as a result of the shutdown, but we have more than enough balance and key growth across our entire portfolio that is able to keep fueling the results that we achieved. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Mark. In terms of our Thanksgiving shopping over Black Friday and Cyber Monday, there was really no change to our strategy and tactic. In that by, I mean, we didn't take further markdowns. We don't play promotionally, as you know. The teams definitely worked hard to get the stores and online in a good inventory position. To satisfy demand, we made sure that we were ready. We've been investing for months, quite frankly, going back to the beginning of the pandemic to get our digital channel ready to anticipate the sort of volume. And as I alluded to in my opening remarks, we had the largest volume day in the history of lululemon on Thursday, and the site performed incredibly well, as has our DCs and the full support. So there wasn't anything unique, there wasn't anything artificial to drive demand. Just all good work and hard work to get ready for the demand and getting our core product out there with traditional markdown activity. And we saw that the volume and we are anticipating a pull-forward. So we are continuing to monitor the weeks ahead. As Meghan mentioned, there are some big weeks ahead. We're pleased with our position. We're pleased coming out of November. We knew that we needed to have a strong start to the quarter, and we achieved that. And we're continuing to monitor and get ready for the coming weeks. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. Thanks, Erinn. We haven't seen any notable change from our brand perspective in the China market. As you heard in my opening remarks in terms of the performance, we continue to be very pleased with the results, 2-year CAGR of 70%. We continue to invest in China, opening stores, invest in our headquarters in Shanghai and creating in-country roles and jobs to really help support that business. Continue to connect with the community, which is our unique way of working with. And we see a real opportunity to continue and to push for the sweat life and the healthy initiatives that exist within that market and feel we play a very unique role in doing that. So from our perspective, we're pleased and pleased with the investments we're making in the connection with the community. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Erinn. Yes, we're still on track for a spring '22 launch. And just as a reminder, and consistent with how we've shared it, it's a test and learn for us. We're excited about it, excited about the opportunity and our unique position. But it's not required in the Power of Three growth commitments that we've shared and therefore, are taking a growth approach to this new initiative. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Paul. We did achieve our goal of 200 stores, that's both across the U.S. and in Canada. I think the Canadian number is around 48 is the final number. So call it 152 and 48. We have been and we're almost at the full MIRROR leads in each of those stores, which is a critical component to really activating the MIRROR and driving guest engagement and demonstrations. We saw -- we're very pleased with the results in Canada when we launched, which has only been the last few weeks. And we really wanted to test and learn and launch just through the lululemon channels and synergies, leveraging both online already guest relationships that we had in the store channel and very pleased with the start of the results of that initiative. And then I'd say across all very encouraging, and it's early in this, but we know it is one of our huge advantages of how we unlock synergies and tackle what remains the #1 opportunity, which is just general awareness behind this product in this category and the uniqueness of our proposition. One example is in-store demonstrations have a 6% conversion to sale, which is very encouraging. When you think of traditional retail conversion numbers of foot traffic in, our ability to convert 6% of those engaging in demonstrations with the MIRROR, it's a very encouraging number, which is why that MIRROR key lead is critical. In higher volume doors, having 2 key MIRROR leads to support the store in 7 days a week operation. And again, we're early. We see our unique point of view and the impact it's having on performances, and we're going to continue to invest where it makes sense and play our unique role and keep building this business forward. 
Calvin McDonald: I think there's definitely the aspirational, which is we want everybody sweating on a MIRROR to be in lululemon, and we want everybody sweating with lululemon to be engaging and using a MIRROR. And that's an aspirational vision, but it's to say there's opportunity on both sides. As we continue to move forward, more and more of these guests are already or have shopped with lululemon, which is good because a big part of the role MIRROR plays with us is as a membership community that drives loyalty, retention and spend with our lululemon guests. We know the more they sweat with us, the more they spend with us. And our core business is our priority and will always remain our priority, and MIRROR is a way in which we drive that business forward. So we are seeing those dynamics play out. There is an opportunity. There are new guests we acquire and see come in to the family through MIRROR and we'll be able to convert them over. But the collective play is about retention, loyalty and increased spend, and we're pleased with those dynamics so far. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Brooke. From a general demographic perspective, we remain healthy across all the different demographic profiles from age, gender, and I will touch on the activity lens. But a lot of the initiatives we continue to deploy are resonating with younger consumers, very pleased with the health of new younger guest acquisition into the brand. And then as I mentioned, the migration and retention of the guests are very, very strong here at lululemon. So when we look at activity, 2 points: one, the versatility of our product is our -- one of our greatest strengths, and it allows for guests to find what they need for their sweat life across multiple categories, be it bottoms, tops, second layer, shorts. And as you know, we've defined a very clear activities that we want to own and have significant share of mind, share of wallet position in and that is Run, Train and Yoga. And then we've identified what we call play categories, be it golf, tennis, and hike. And these are businesses that equally, we're seeing our guests spend into and are helping to drive. But it's the versatility of the product and a very defined activity strategy linked to our product innovation that's helping to drive not just new guests, but spend with existing guests. And we are very early in those strategies. As you know, we just launched a brand-new yoga franchise for our female guest at the beginning of this quarter, the InStill Tight, which delivers a completely different feel sensation through our smooth cover material. And it's just one example of our approach of building franchises that deliver on feel states through these key core activities that are driving both new guest acquisition and spend with our existing guests. 
Calvin McDonald: I mean, I think -- we really do price to market, and there are obviously a variety of inputs and considerations, and you've alluded to some. But as a business that is positioned as a premium brand that has much innovation built into the product. We look at a variety of factors to make our pricing decisions and it's just not -- we won't just do it unilaterally because of those pressures, we'll look at other ways to manage the overall mix and maintain our committed margins. 
Meghan Frank: Adrienne, in terms of inventory, we do have an advantage in the proportion of our inventory that sits in core product. And while we aren't sharing details on our 2022 plans today, the team is actively looking at opportunities to capitalize on that core assortment and pull that forward where that makes sense for us. 
Meghan Frank: Matt, and I'd just add on there. We did with inventory up 22%, which was above our expectation of 15% to 20% growth and really reflective of the team's supply chain and product teams leveraging airfreight. We do make those decisions about 6 weeks out. Certainly don't have as much flexibility as a normal environment just with supply chain constraints, but it is something we're actively managing where we do have opportunity. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Ike. I think a little soon to put a fine point on 2022, but we do expect that the supply chain pressures will be with us as we move into the first half of the year. That said, we think there'll be some puts and takes in our gross margin, and we are right now maintaining our commitment to modest margin expansion next year. Certainly, airfreight presents an opportunity over the long term, but there will be some normalization of historically high full-price sell-throughs and low markdowns as well as other investments in our business to maintain that modest margin expansion goal, and we'll share more in spring '22 on our next 5-year outlook. 
Meghan Frank: And Mark, I'd just add in terms of Q3 growth in next year, I think the guest metrics and growth that Calvin was pointing to in both new and existing engagement give us confidence in our ability to continue to grow on top of this baseline as well as our international and North America omni expansion strategies. And again, we'll share more in spring '22 on our next 5-year outlook. 
Meghan Frank: Sure. So in terms of MIRROR in 2022, we're not going to share specifics today, but I would offer that we -- the path to profitability is very much within our control. We'll remain prudent in our investments as we have been this year. And we do expect dilution to begin to decrease next year. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. And I'd say in terms of 11/11, Erinn, generally in line with our expectations. We're not going to share specifics, but as Calvin mentioned, strong performance in China with approximately 70% to your CAGR in Q3, so we've been pleased. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. We certainly see opportunity in the international margin. That said, we also see opportunity for expansion in our North America margin. So expect it to sit below, and there are some structural rent items that are a little bit more pressure, I would say, in our international region relative to North America. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. I'd say, John, it's really been broad-based. So we've -- our performance has come both from channels and e-comm as well as across women's, men's and accessories. And I think we've been particularly pleased, I'd say, with our store performance, so exceeding 2019 productivity in Q3 which was up from flat in Q2 and then 88% of 2019 in Q1. So we've seen some nice acceleration there. At the same time, e-commerce business has continued to be very strong. So we were up 22% year-over-year in Q3 and then 54% on a 2-year CAGR basis, so really pleased, I'd say, across the board. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. So we did experience CAC for MIRROR in excess of our LTV to CAC ratio parameters in Q3 that continued into Q4. So we have made a strategic pullback there. And then there has been also some efficiencies identified on the lululemon side that are contributing to that SG&A line as well. 
Meghan Frank: Michael, thanks it's Meghan. So in terms of store productivity for Q4, we are managing our business from an omni perspective and really looking at multiple scenarios. I would say store productivity, I would say, flat to 2019 to up slightly. It's probably a good baseline scenario, though, again, we are planning for multiple scenarios to flex where the demand comes to us. And I'll also take the long-term question in terms of SG&A. 
Meghan Frank: So we did have modest SG&A expansion in our long-term plan. At this point, we remain on that commitment. And what we're really focused on is our operating income and growing our operating income in excess of sales growth. We have had some shift in dynamic of our business with more investment in e-comm to support the accelerated growth there, of which depreciation sits in SG&A and we've also had some lower occupancy and expenses, and so some more gross margin leverage come through. We'll continue to balance our investments to grow our operating income, and we'll share more on our next 5-year outlook again in spring of '22. 
Meghan Frank: Kimberly, I would think about also if you're looking for a baseline for future planning, just that we had historically high full-price sell-throughs and lower markdown rates. So when we look into the future, we will have some puts and takes within our gross margin rates. And right now, we're committed to that modest margin expansion as we outlined in our Power of Three growth plan. 
Meghan Frank: Yes, we did. So 450 basis points of pressure in Q4 relative to 2019. And then also for the full year, 200 to 250 basis points relative to 2020. 
