Stuart Haselden: Sure, Ike. And just to offer a little context on Q3, and I think it sets us up for the guidance that we've offered on Q4. So really pleased with the ability to post the margin -- the gross margin expansion that we saw in the third quarter lapping the big increases that we saw in 2016. And as we mentioned, the beat to our expectations really came through the favorable selling mix. In particular, the great comps that we've seen in pants, both men's and women's, and those categories bring with them some of the best margins in our assortment. And AUC results have also been quite favorable. And this reflects the ongoing work of our supply chain team. As we've talked about over the last couple of years, the work on the segmentation of our supply chain, the reduction of fabric liability, the better management of airfreight, the elimination and reduction of cancellations, all these things are continuing to extend the benefits that we've been able to capture. I think we have been pleased by the runway that we've been able to build on the margin improvement really exceeding our original expectations, where we had seen the lion's share of the improvement really happening second half of '16, first half of '17, we've been able to beat our own expectations there and the teams have been able to identify opportunities into the future, which is really a part of the gross margin guidance in the fourth quarter. And I would say that those opportunities don't end in the fourth quarter of this year. So the fourth quarter guidance reflects all those factors that I just mentioned in terms of where we've been able to identify efficiency in our supply chain. And it's worth noting that the selling mix benefits that we saw in the third quarter was -- they were not how drew up the quarter. We're pleased with how it's performed. To the extent that we see selling mix favorability in the fourth quarter, it could be some upside. But in general, we are pleased with the results that we've been seeing, not only in the third quarter, but into the first period of the fourth quarter. And what we're -- I think what we're seeing now really reflects the new margin architecture of the business. And this is a key element of the EBIT margin equation that we've been talking about for a while that will get us to an EBIT margin that starts with a 2. 
Stuart Haselden: Okay. And Brian, let me try to answer your question on SG&A. So the -- as we've talked about previously, we are calling for SG&A leverage to help us achieve the EBIT margin rate in the low 20s. And as we've talked about previously, Q4 was an important period for us to begin delivering on SG&A leverage. As we look forward, and I'll give more color on Q4 in a second, but as we look for beyond the fourth quarter, we're going to plan a modest degree of leverage in our 5-year plan. And the rationale there being at a mid-teens total revenue growth, we want to ensure that we are providing the dollars to fund our growth initiatives each year so that we're not harvesting the business. We're continuing to reinvest at a healthy pace that will help sustain that top line trajectory. But also, in a very disciplined manner, allow those top like increases to promote through to earnings. So that is definitely how we've drawn up the plan, and we think that Q4 -- and I would also -- I would point to Q3 as well, as an important evidence of us achieving that plan. If you look at the third quarter, we had 70 basis points of deleverage. 60 basis points of that was related to the e-commerce recovery. You had another 60 basis points from FX. Offsetting that was 50 basis points of leverage from some of the cost management actions that we've been taking. So the overall picture in the quarter, if you take out the -- sort of the onetime recovery for our digital business, is it's pretty healthy from an SG&A standpoint. And then as we look into the fourth quarter, largest quarter from a revenue standpoint, easier for us to leverage our fixed cost. We're also getting past those digital acceleration onetime costs, so we don't have that weighing on the SG&A picture in the fourth quarter. The full benefit of the cost management action that we began in the beginning of the year, this connects to the SG&A leverage improvement that we guided to, that this is definitely part of our thinking for the business model as you look forward, continuing to invest in growth but doing so in a disciplined manner. 
Stuart Haselden: And Oliver, on your question on omnichannel. We're excited for the new functionality we'll introduce in '18 with buy online, pick up in-store. We're thrilled with what we've seen on other omnichannel initiatives, ship from store has been very successful. BBR is our highest comping channel as we think of it in those teems in the company. Our business models continues to become more and more omnichannel. Our stores and digital businesses become more and more intertwined every day. So we're excited that we're able to recognize demand in one channel and fulfill it in another in a more and more seamless manner as we develop these capabilities. I'm going to invite Celeste to also offer some comments as she is with us today. 
Stuart Haselden: Sure. As you look at the peak gross margins of the company a few years back, the assortment was very different. The mix of men's and women's was very different. And within women's, you had a much simpler raw material palette that the designers and merchants were working with. We have many more fabrics today that give a different profile from a cost structure and economic standpoint. So I don't see the -- see us returning to that gross margin in the mid-50s. I do see room for improvement in product margins, in particular, from where we are today, and that's part of the comments I offered earlier. I would also add, as you look below just the product margin line and you look at the cost for the product team and the supply chain teams, I do see substantial opportunity to leverage those products. We've made a lot of big investments over the last couple of years. So we do see opportunity there. And likewise, in occupancy. And you saw that in the most recent quarter, where I think we reported 20 basis points of occupancy leverage in the third quarter. You go back a couple of years ago, we were reporting, like, 100 basis points of occupancy and depreciation deleverage. So I think as our real estate portfolio has matured, particularly, as we've expanded the international part of the portfolio, and that those stores have seasoned in the overall portfolio in terms of the incremental additions of rent, it's at a place where we can begin to leverage that -- those costs into the future. So we'll certainly talk more on the next call about the -- about where we see gross margin get more specificity into 2018 and beyond. But the drivers that I would point to were the same thing that I mentioned earlier. The -- in particular, the segmentation of the supply chain, and what I mean by that is as we separate the different products in our assortment based on their life cycle on our selling floor, we're able to source them differently and more efficiently. And so that's been a big part of the savings and the improvements, efficiencies we've seen up to this point. That continues to be an opportunity, although not as large, not the big step function that we saw in '16 and early '17, but it's still an opportunity. And more exciting to us, as we transition our supply chain past just getting efficient and more coherent, we're beginning to be able to play offense and implement -- begin to test and implement speed models, which will compress our development cycle times. And we also have the opportunity to build stronger capabilities for Fast Turn and chase, which again will enable us to have more precise and accurate assortment and inventory decisions, which will reduce markdowns, which will be in turn benefit margin. So those are the things I'd point to. And again, when we're together again for the fourth quarter call, we'll be able to offer you additional details. 
Stuart Haselden: Sure, absolutely. The priorities for our cash, really, the #1 priority is funding the organic growth of our business. And we are excited that we continue to identify great investment opportunities, whether its category expansion with the men's or the international expansion into Asia and Europe, those are the #1 priority for our cash. But even with that, you're correct, we're generating significant free cash flow. The next elements that -- or the next parts of the use-of-cash strategy is first creating financial flexibility to -- for us to evaluate a number of different ongoing strategies, and that would include a healthy return of cash strategy that you've seen in the last couple of years with our share repurchase program. So as that cash builds, we'll evaluate the priorities across those elements that I just mentioned and determine how best to deploy it. But again, I think as we wrap up the year and on the fourth quarter call, we can probably offer a little more detail on our use-of-cash strategy and what you should expect into next year and beyond. 
Stuart Haselden: Sure. Thanks, Paul. Store traffic in the U.S. and Canada, as I mentioned, in the prepared remarks, is sequentially improved in the third quarter. There were periods of the third quarter where we saw positive store traffic in the U.S. And -- but for the overall -- overall quarter, U.S. store traffic is narrowly negative. Canada was a bit tougher. And while we saw the Canadian store traffic results improve from the second quarter to the third quarter, it's still negative. As we look at the fourth quarter comp guidance, there's a few things I would point to. The -- we have seen, quarter-to-date, through the first 4 weeks in the U.S, positive store traffic. So that's been very encouraging to see. It's been tougher in Canada, similar to the relationship that we saw in the third quarter. Sequentially improved, but not as strong in Canada as it has been in the U.S., and still negative in Canada. The -- we are not seeing necessarily a deceleration. As you look in the mid-single digit comp versus what we reported in Q3 is offsetting, we're not seeing a deceleration embedded in that fourth quarter guidance. What I would say is we're seeing peak periods so far in the fourth quarter, like the Black Friday week, outperforming expectations with the other periods that are not as peak as that being slower. So the trend overall has been choppy, if you will, with the highs being higher and the lows being lower. And as we sit today, we still have 70% of the quarter in front of us, some massive weeks coming up in the next 4, 5 weeks. So we feel like the guidance we offered of mid-single digit is appropriate [indiscernible] at this point. So -- and I'm going to defer to Celeste on the Fifth Avenue question. 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes, it's a good question. With Lee's departure, I mean, obviously, we've created a void with the credit director and we are incredibly grateful for the work that we've done with Lee for the past 3 years and where we've been able to take products. And we've -- during the transition, we've been able to launch spring '19 and do the credit kick off with him. So there's really no change in strategy or direction. I mean, that's a departure that was really driven by personal reasons. But when I look at the organization, you're going to see one announcement next week on the women's design side, which will be really powerful. But I think about head of design in men's, I mean, I think about how we're leading on the merchandising side, or from the innovation side, I mean, really, the 4 -- when you think about the pillars, the function, design and merchandising, I feel like we're in really, really strong shape. And obviously, '18 is very much planned already with the exception of up some capsules and collaborations that we're excited about. And the spring '19 kickoff that we had just a couple of weeks ago was probably one of the strongest that I've seen. So we're going to look for a creative director. But clearly, we're in no rush to fill that void. It's a very, very important role. It's not an easy role to fill and we've got incredible talent and people in all the key roles to continue to deliver and accelerate on the performance that you've seen so far. So I feel really, really good. 
Laurent Potdevin: You know what, it's -- every time I go, I learn so much and I'm amazed by -- I think it's hard to understand the scale unless you're on the ground. And so having been there and visiting Guangzhou, spending a day on the Alibaba headquarter and then being in Beijing and Shanghai. I mean, it's really interesting to see you've got 415 million Millennials. You've got the government that has a really strong plan, there are 2030 health plan, which is pushing people to be more active. You've got this -- you've got 130 million Chinese people traveling the world year-round. So a picture of Germany and France, like spending the whole year of travel, I mean, it's massive. And so when you see this group of Millennials more and more interested in an active and mindful lifestyle, more and more interested in experience. I mean, in many ways, they are leapfrogging what we have experienced with brick-and-mortar retail in North America and Europe. So we've got a brand with little awareness at this point, we've got a lifestyle that is really aspirational to this group. And so it's really the sky is in the limit. So -- I mean, I think it's hard to say where -- when we're going to mature. But seeing single day like tripling year-over-year, I think we've actually sum up the word that we've done with some of our ambassadors, with some of our influencers, we can actually accelerate that growth. It was really very exciting to land in Shanghai and walk by the newsstand and see our product on the cover of Harper's Bazaar, something that has not happened in North America. And I think it really speaks to how well, who we are and what we stand for resonates with that guest. 
Laurent Potdevin: Brian, when I think about the -- thanks for your question. When I think about the 2020, I mean, I think about it in very simple terms. And I think we've outlined that in the past. But I mean, I think that by 2020, we've got $1 billion, like, digital business. We've got $1 billion men's business and we've got $1 billion, like, international market. And within international, obviously, it's going to be more heavily weighted on Asia. Within Asia, it's going to be more heavily weighted on China. And within China, it's going to be more heavily weighted on digital. But I mean, I think one really simple way to think about it is 1 million in men, 1 million in digital, 1 million in international. And obviously, the balance is continuing to do what we do so well with the rest of the business, especially with women's and driven by innovation, which we've seen resonating incredibly well in Q3 with the launch of Everlux in women's pants. 
Laurent Potdevin: Thanks, Oliver. So the first question was about digital, right? And when you think about our unique point of differentiation are really the heartbeat of this brand is our educators, our guests, our ambassadors and our ability to create the most amazing human connection and delivering credible product. And when you think about product, I mean, I don't think product is necessarily limited to 3-dimensional products that you wear. And so without saying too much, I mean we think that we've got a tremendous opportunity to enhance and amplify, that's particular truth in China right now. We've got an opportunity to really enhance the connective tissue between our guests, our ambassadors and our educators. And I see that one really good example of that is -- an O2O, what they refer to as O2O in China, an off-line to online event that we did with Alibaba, where we sold 250 tickets for a Yoga class in Beijing. So they were sold on Tmall. They sold out in 30 seconds. It was pouring rain, 247 people showed up. It was live streamed to 125,000 people and I think that day, we did about $700,000 in sales as a result of that exercise. I mean, I think that, that's where you can really see our ability to amplify what we just saw at the community level on a global scale. So that's -- and again, when we talk about creating transformational experiences for our guests, it goes beyond product the way you know product today. So I think that gives you enough hints as to how we think about our digital strategy. And I totally forgot about the second. 
Laurent Potdevin: Well, just quickly, Oliver, on the product question. I mean, clearly, what we've done with the Enlite Bra and what we've seen since then really speaks to our ability to be just as strong in the bra category as we're in women's pants. And I'm actually really excited about the innovation and that's coming in '18 in the bra category. So when you think about owning her trust and her closet for both bottoms and bras, I mean, this is -- those are the 2 anchor categories, and that really -- that trust extends across every other category. So that's -- I think we're on a really good track there. But -- and I'm excited about the innovation and that's coming in '18. Same thing with tops, when you think about new fabrics, new construction, I mean, we know that there is a -- she wants to see more natural fabric. And you're going to see natural fabric from us, which were real technical, functionality is incorporated, but you're going to see the best of worlds coming into July in 2018. So we're excited about that as well. 
Laurent Potdevin: And Matt, if I can just chime in. I mean, today, you've got a very different organization that you had at the time of peak margin. I mean, today, you've got a runway of international growth, you've got a men's business, you've got a digital opportunity. I mean, we've got a real strong runway. Like, our destiny is within our hands, and that's really driven by a rich pipeline of innovation. And so that's a very -- that's very sustainable and profitable model. And at the time of peak margin that you're referring to, I mean, you didn't have those opportunities ahead and you had a pipeline of innovation that was very dry. So, I mean, today, you're in a position that is far more sustainable with far more scale as we look to the foreseeable future. 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes, thank you. Well, on the accessory, I mean, we've -- our penetration right know, I think, is around like 7% or 8%. I mean, I said before, that for a brand, that is as strong and as aspirational as we are. I mean, we have the potential to be in the 12% to 15%. So certainly, we have a lot of runway. We've seen a nice acceleration in the latter part of Q3, probably as a result of the assortment that you're referring to. And we see the bulk of the opportunity really in bags, socks, yoga mat and headwear. I mean, obviously, we've got sort of other accessories on the side, but that's where you're going to see the bulk of the business coming from. So a nice opportunity for us with -- which is a great guest acquisition strategy and it's a high-margin category. So that's the penetration. It's, again, what we see as the potential. And the second question was... 
Laurent Potdevin: Well, footwear. I mean, what it's speaks -- it's an interesting pilot. I mean, what we are learning is that our stores are incredibly nimble and that they can adapt to new categories very quickly. But that was rolled out in a matter of weeks, really. So that speaks to the agility of our store. And it also speaks to the fact that our guests trust us beyond the category that they are in currently. So we're taking those learnings and we're thinking about what category this would apply to in the future, but not necessarily footwear. 
