Meghan Frank: It's Meghan. I'll actually take that. So in terms of Vietnam, we sourced approximately 30% of our finished goods and the impact of the Southern Vietnam closure is currently impacting approximately 20% of our second half inventory. We are leveraging airfreight to meet our guidance. And what's contemplated in our guidance is 150 to 200 basis points of deleverage for the full year in terms of airfreight impact.  To the extent possible, the team is looking to multisource and leverage other countries as well as prioritize fall holiday key styles to the best of their ability, and airfreight is a muscle that as a growth company, we often leverage, and we continue to do so as we navigate the supply chain challenges in the second half. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. So in terms of SG&A, we guided for Q3 to 300 to 350 basis points deleverage relative to 2019. So -- and that includes MIRROR consolidated in this year's numbers and not in 2019 as well as brand building, which should include both that MIRROR piece as well as our current field campaign. And then we also have higher depreciation relative to 2019, just given our investments behind digital and the strength of that business.  When we look at the full year, we've got 10 to 30 basis points of deleverage for -- relative to 2020, and that is better than the 30 to 50 basis points that we disclosed previously. And really driving that deleverage would be the consolidation of MIRROR for the full year as well as investments again behind our digital channel. But really pleased overall, I would say, with the operating flow-through of our business and remain on track to our Power of Three growth plan, as we've discussed. 
Meghan Frank: So for Q3, we are planning to be slightly above last year 2019 levels for the quarter. When we look to Q4, we're really pushing into our omnichannel strength and will be agile across both channels, meaning the demand where it comes to us, but we are sharing slightly above 2019 productivity for Q3. 
Meghan Frank: In terms of breakeven, we haven't put a fine point on that, but we are focused, as Calvin mentioned, on rolling out initiatives for 2021, including store ramp, Canada entry and e-commerce website rebound. The path to profitability there for MIRROR is very much within our control, and we're investing behind the strength and momentum in that business as well as our overall financial strength. And we'll share more as we move through the peak holiday season and into '22. 
Meghan Frank: Mike, I'll take the first part of that question. So in terms of gross margin, 150 basis points to 200 basis points expansion was where we guided for the full year. And we're pleased, I would say, overall, with that relative to 2020 performance. It's really driven through our performance on top line and leverage on occupancy and depreciation. And then we do, at this point in time, we're maintaining our Power of Three growth plan, which calls for modest expansion in gross margin as we look out. And as Calvin mentioned, we'll come back and update that plan as we move into next year. And in terms of overall international profitability, we are profitable overall in international. And still see a lot of opportunity there relative to the maturation of the international business in terms of its comparison to North America, particularly pleased with the growth rate we're experiencing in China and see opportunity for both revenue and gross margin expansion and operating margin as that business expands. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. I would say, definitely view it as temporary in nature. Obviously, the environment is really dynamic and fluid today. As I mentioned, we anticipate it will be with us for the balance of the year and we'll update on 2022. There will be some likely some puts and takes in margin as we move forward, and we do remain committed to the margin target that was in our Power of Three growth plan of modest expansion annually. 
Calvin McDonald: Mark, thanks. And as you mentioned, with the revised guidance, we're looking to achieve between $6.2 billion, $6.3 billion this year, putting us 2 years ahead. We achieved doubling our e-commerce business last year. We will double our men's business this year and our international business is ahead of the 4x growth we put out to be completed by the end of '23. So it really supports the early innings and growth across multiple levers. The Power of Three initiatives focusing on product, guest experience and market expansion are still the key areas of focus that we will drive our innovation through and, the growth targets within that is what you should continue to look forward beyond '21. But we do plan to come back with our long-term thinking next year and share more with you at that point. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Yes. No, absolutely, Mark, and thanks for the question. I'll break it into 2 things. One, the membership test, we learned a lot. In particular, the way the test was set up, as you know, is it was a paid membership program and our guests received a number of benefits linked to sweat. And from that, some of the behaviors that we were able to observe was how it drove brand love, their connection to the community, both the brand as well as to each other, which is really important, and you want that in these type of membership programs to drive that loyalty, any impact on their spend. And in fact, those behaviors is what gave us the conviction and confidence to go ahead with the MIRROR acquisition because we saw a natural synergy between the two, a paid membership program focused on sweat.  And the membership tests although very effective, the challenge, COVID aside, was that it was challenged to scale. It was rooted and physical, and we couldn't offer it everywhere. And we always had visions of being able to bring that to the digital platform. And seeing what we saw within the physical and our relationship with the MIRROR team gave us the confidence to proceed with that. And really, we always saw a convergence between these 2 strategies. The membership test gave us access to thousands of guests that we're behaving in this way and MIRROR at the end of this year is going to give us access to hundreds of thousands. And we're excited about the ability to scale it. We're early. We're thinking long term, and that convergence was natural. Outside of a paid subscription, the opportunity around loyalty absolutely exists, and it's something that we will share later as we share our plans for the future. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thank you, Brooke. Very pleased with our international business. Very pleased with growth across every market we are in. Now different markets have impacted -- have been impacted differently from COVID. As you know, Australia, New Zealand, in particular right now is where the bulk of our global store closures are taking place. But even with that, our online business is doing very well. So overall, what's very exciting is the balance of growth across all international markets, meaning they are all contributing significant growth and into our goal of quadrupling our international business by '23.  China, in particular, is a market where we have leaned in on an investment. We've opened a head office in Shanghai. We are leaning in, in hiring and supporting local teams within that market and in our store expansion as well as our digital innovation and support. So China is definitely one of our key markets. We are seeing good growth. We are investing in the country, supporting the teams and overall, the international business like our business in North America, and some of our category opportunities very early and growth across all channels in the markets and product categories. So excited about what the future continues to hold for our international business. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Ike. I'll handle the first half and then handle the second part to your question on breakeven over to Meghan. I continue to be very encouraged with the usage numbers and engagement numbers that we're seeing with the MIRROR community. And I'll start there because I think those to me are the most important and signal the health and the engagement of the community, both with each other as well as near the product. And we continue to see the members use of MIRROR, number of sweats, number of members per household sweating increase and hold very high numbers. So very excited about how any guests, any member that purchases it, is using it and all the things we love about the versatility, the genre and the appeal to a number are all playing out as well as our conversion numbers are very healthy.  The challenge right now with a variety of changes that have happened in the digital marketing space is the cost CPM, the cost to get MIRROR, which has low awareness right now, and we're working towards in front of guests. Those costs in the market are rising, which has an impact ultimately into CAC. But the number of guests that are converting when they see those ads and ultimately convert to buy once they work their way down through the funnel are all at or above where we've been trending and very healthy. So it is a reflection of the industry.  We are, as I mentioned, managing accordingly. We have our eyes on the long game with MIRROR and the community we're building. We're just ramping up synergies like the 200 stores that play to our strength and the key leads in each of those locations. So we're excited heading into the holiday, but I did want to call it out because we're monitoring it. And as I mentioned, we're going to stay within the guidance we gave on dilution, and we're going to leverage the strength of the synergy and learn a ton this holiday. But the general metrics and guest member usage are very, very strong. 
Calvin McDonald: Lorraine, it's Calvin. As you alluded, we're very happy with the overall growth in our men's business to your CAGR of 31%. I'm sure you remember last year when heading into COVID, our men's business was leading growth over women's. And then with the shutting of our stores and other shifts that were happening as a result, we saw that business slow both in the industry as well as with ourselves, even though we were putting on market share.  And at the time I sort of indicated that it would just be a matter of time. We didn't see anything systemic in our men's business that raised any concerns for us. And those scenarios played out as stores opened. He came back into the store, which stores still remain a wonderful acquisition vehicle for us to get new men into the business and into the brand. And it has just continued to gain momentum through each quarter and then with Q2 being sort of back at that great growth where we're going to double our business at the end of this year, 2 years early from when we started at the beginning of 2019.  And when I look at the growth, it did balance across all the categories, which is very healthy. They're obviously between bottoms and tops and shorts and outerwear and some of the accessories, you see a slight variance in growth. But overall, they're all double digit, all very, very strong, and it's a reflection of building deeper relationships with our existing guys and spending more and continuing to acquire and bring in a new male guest into the business. And we will share the role men's plays in our future growth plans early next year when we sort of reset. But it continues to be very strong, very strong across all markets around the globe. And it's driven both by current spending more and our acquisition of new guests. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Matt. It's definitely a combination of both. We've shared and continue to see our brand gaining market share across categories, men's and women's. Equally, we know that the pandemic drove forward, accelerated some of the guest behaviors that played the strength of our brand. One is general fitness awareness to being well, living well to the importance of functional apparel, which is critical and again, plays to our strength. And third is really the roles in categories that our brand play in and how the guests are wearing and using the gear.  So I think the -- I know the TAM has been impacted by those macro trends. We're well positioned within that TAM to address it in a very effective, leading way. And I think that, combined with our ability to gain market share against our competitors is helping to fuel the business and will continue as we look forward to the years. And you've heard me say this before, this brand is early innings across product with activities where we focus on run, train, yoga and OTM categories within those activities and both our men's and women's business, markets, North American international and channels, online and stores. So we are early innings in our growth. That's why we see such balanced growth across markets, channels and product categories. And the impact that COVID has had on TAM plays to the strengths and plays to our growth story and the opportunity that we see ahead for our brand. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Jay. There's a lot in that question, and I'll unpack a bit of it. But those brands that have been acquired have been in the market. We've competed against them before, and we've always liked our unique in differentiation within what has been a crowded marketplace, and yet we continue to put up the results we've put up in the past number of years. And that really is rooted in a number of very unique attributes to our brand, one, starting with our product, the premium nature of it, the focus and obsession on innovation through Science of Feel that truly creates product that performs in a unique way to the guest and provides a sensorial experience that's unique and different with the quality that they know they're getting for what they buy and pay. And that has always driven our business.  It's what separates us from others and I don't see that changing with the landscape of who's out there and who owns who's out there. Our obsession with raw material and our investment in our product is what we do. It's what we obsess about. And it's really what drives why the guests feel different and continue to sort of be loyal to this product and brand. And the second is the power of human connection through our educators to the strength of our community and the investments we make at grassroots through our people, through our ambassador community and then the exciting addition of MIRROR into that community. But everything we do around human connection, Science of Feel that's fueling that continues to differentiate the brand and its unique position as premium, but through quality innovation. We believe continue to be unique differentiators and drivers of the brand and have obviously been in place and fueled the growth that we've seen so far. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. We take pricing obviously, seriously and that we're constantly monitoring and testing, driven out of the innovation of the product. We're well aware of the inputs of inflation and costs and have that in our guidance that Meghan has provided. We look for opportunities, both where we could price up and/or price down to be positioned in the marketplace based on assortment and range work. So it's pretty fluid, Matt, and we're comfortable -- sorry, Jay, very fluid and we're comfortable with sort of how we're positioned today in addressing it, but all and any pricing changes would be in Meghan's guidance, and there's nothing of significant plan or that you should expect. 
Calvin McDonald: Good. Thanks, John. As you know, in our Impact Agenda that we published our first one last year on our "be human, be well, be planet" pillars. In our be planet, our commitment is to make 100% of our products with sustainable materials by 2030 as well as investing into circularity, which is extending the life of our products and providing options and choices to our guests. And there's been a lot of fantastic innovations and partnerships in that space with the pilot around our resell program, the partnerships, be it with Mylo, LanzaTech or Genomatica announced this past quarter in the super cluster.  So it is a very important driver of innovation for our business. We've established plans to improve the planet that we're committed to. And as these scale and as we continue to drop collections and learn, we are not anticipating or how we factored in a margin pressure result. And we've established multiyear targets. We are working with the right partners to help in the manufacturing and the creation and therefore, the commercialization of these goods. So I would not factor in any marginal impact, and our goals speak for themselves. We want to be, by 2030, 100% of our products made with sustained materials, and that's what these partnerships are gearing and working towards for us. 
