Tara Poseley: So I have mentioned -- the question also is about the balance of season versus core so -- and as we have talked about in the last call, in Q1, the balance as we move into the back half of the year is going to be about 40% in core, which is similar to what it trended in 2012. John, did you want to... 
Tara Poseley: So I think Laurent stated it well. I've been going through with the team over the last 6 months a rigorous process of building a 3- to 5-year product raw material strategies and innovation strategies. So obviously, as Laurent stated, we're not going to share those because it's proprietary, but that work is in motion and the teams are executing against that really tight project plan. Again, all of those areas are in place so we look forward to sharing those as we go into the future. 
Tara Poseley: Okay, I'll take that one. Yes, so what we talked about in Q1 where we've seen the high sell-through in the seasonal goods and we had over planned our expectations for it. So what we did for Q3, obviously we weren't able to affect Q2, what we did for Q3 was really shift that core investment open-to-buy into the seasonal product. We went back and looked at sell-throughs on all of our seasonal products in Q1, made sure we are planning our APS appropriately in Q3 and really get that diligence in making sure we were investing appropriately. But we will -- I mean, we also do really value the scarcity model. We've done very well markdown rate in the brand, which I love. So it's always that fine balance and that's what we are working and perfecting towards. And then as part of what we had talked about, I think we had mentioned this earlier, we're in the process of implementing a new planning and allocation tool that will be fully live for the planning of winter 2015 and we're on time and on budget with the execution and implementation of that tool. 
Tara Poseley: So for the back half, obviously, the go-to-market calendar and all the work that we're doing with that, we commenced that in Q1 of this year. So obviously that did not affect Q3 and Q4 of this year since that was already bought and commercialized at that time. So really for the back half of the year, it was rebalancing the core versus the seasonal, which I just talked about a few minutes ago and just making sure that we are investing appropriately in the seasonal. We continue to really focus with the design team on making sure we're getting all of that beauty and technical, always technical, back into our products because we are very proud that we are the originator for that in that -- in the space and a lot of focus there. So that's really -- that's the focus for this year and then just using our Fast Turn where we can to continue to chase into products. A good example of that is the Fast Turn team to create a special capsule -- a little capsule product to vibrate before Black Friday. [indiscernible] price selling during that weekend. 
Tara Poseley: Yes, Janet, you're right. We had talked about that Q3 was going to be a focus on really reinvigorating our core products starting with the bottom. And early signs are that some of the -- there is some emerging core that is in-store now that we're excited about as we move in  -- I'm not going to call out what those involve because that's proprietary information, but we are seeing some good signs there. And then as we move into Q4, the other area that we have -- we're really clear that we needed to continue to evolve and create newness within tops and the tanks and we're also we'll be testing some new emerging core in those areas as well. And then the Fast Turn team will continue to also be testing and learning and getting that insight and information that we can chase into the future quarters. 
Tara Poseley: Okay. So the third-party consultants that we brought in to help us with re-engineering our go-to market calendar, we've had really good insight. I think, on the whole, it's a lot around how we were sequencing events within the calendar and we're going through a process of resequencing how we bring products to market. Some things were happening too late in the process that need to be moved forward. I'm not get into all that detail, but we've really, really honed in on what those pieces are and are going through the process of a redesign of every single quarter for each season. And we are on track by Q1 of 2016 to have a fully operational go-to-market calendar. And then, I think, -- Dana, what was your second question? It was about style and price and what we can do in the short term? This is a very scrappy and entrepreneurial culture, which I deeply value and we literally are learning minute-by-minute about our assortments as we see that getting in and using our Fast Turn team when we can to react quickly to get those learnings in and then also infusing that into any of the learnings into the future seasons that are in process and being worked on. 
John Currie: Yes. On your question on pulling inventory from Q3 into July. Moving the transition line up into July helped July sales relative to what we'd expected when we gave guidance. That did leave us a little bit lighter in that product for August, but still had some remaining that has helped us through August, but a little bit lighter than what we'd expected. So when you look at our revenue guidance from last quarter for the full year, it's really just been a shift from Q3 into Q2. And your other question on comps. On a combined basis, U.S. was up slightly low single digits and Canada was down mid-single digits. 
John Currie: Okay. On your first question, I mean, for the past couple of quarters, traffic has been down and that's what's negatively impacted our comp. But in Q2, actually traffic turned slightly positive so that's encouraging. But the comp was adversely impacted by lower conversion and average basket, which is consistent with the fact that our product assortment wasn't ideal, but again encouraging in terms of trends. In terms of the shift in SG&A, it's really referring to some of the paid search and other traffic-driving initiatives that we'd planned for the 3 quarters when we gave guidance last quarter. With sales trending a little bit higher at the back half of Q2, we didn't spend as much of that as we'd originally anticipated. It's a shift of maybe $2 million to $3 million from Q2 forward. And then your last question regarding Q4, of course, I haven't broken out Q4 in the past, so really the guidance I'm giving today doesn't indicate a drop in Q4. It's consistent with what we've included in my guidance when I gave it last quarter. 
John Currie: As we've said, I mean, in the near term, you're likely to see gross margin in a similar range to what you've seen in Q2. The work underway that Tara's team and Jennifer's team are doing on the go-to-market calendar over the next couple of years, we see significant improvement in gross margin coming from those initiatives. I think I've said in the past, maybe 300-or-more basis points. And then in terms of pricing architecture, we're really not at a point of talking about whether there will be significant changes that would impact product margins. So for the time being, I assume that, that would not be a factor. But I mean, bottom, bottom line, just with the improvements on the process side, we see getting back closer to that mid-50s level. 
John Currie: Well, not until we get into 2016 and these initiatives have really taken hold and have impacted the seasons that we'll be delivering in 2016. 
John Currie: Yes, it's really not based on taking pricing. That's always the last lever that we want to be pulling. It's primarily based on efficiencies, I mean the obvious ones being reduction in airfreight and some of the other costs, efficiencies coming from the new DC, but also just a much smoother and more efficient process from design all the way through to delivering to the stores. 
John Currie: Okay. Just making sure I don't miss any part of the question. New store productivity, again, in Q2, new store productivity was coming in around $1,100 to $1,200 a square foot, that's similar to where we've been coming in for the last year or more. In terms of men's, we don't really break up productivity by men's. I mean, in terms of comp, I mean, men's comp up 5%. But again, I don't have that productivity broken out. And as Laurent mentioned, ivivva, it's on track to end the year at somewhere a little over $1,000 per square foot of productivity. 
John Currie: We didn't break out whole year e-Commerce estimate, e-Commerce is -- in Q2, it was running about 16%. Typically, it goes up a little bit in the fourth quarter, but we haven't specified an e-Commerce  number for the year. 
John Currie: Okay. SG&A, the guidance I've given, say, for Q3, I you see a margin profile pretty similar to Q2. The thing to watch for as you look at our second half, and I mentioned Q2 was skewed a little bit by sort of nonrecurring sort of foreign exchange gains last year versus losses this year and that simply comes from the balance sheet date revaluing the U.S. dollars held in the Canadian company, so it's really not an indication of the health of the business. But if you look at last year, the Canadian dollar dropped significantly. So for the full year last year, as I said in my prepared remarks, the foreign exchange gain that was offsetting our SG&A was about $17 million and most of that was in the back half. So we wouldn't expect to have that benefit again this year. Also last year, because we missed our budget and plans, our bonus accruals were reduced, primarily in the back half, and that was sort of a high single-digit millions benefit to SG&A this year that we won't enjoy that -- sorry, last year that we won't enjoy this year. Seems strange to say enjoy a lack of a bonus, but anyway. Women's comp, I said men's was plus 5%. I believe women's was just slightly negative. 
John Currie: Yes. Looking at the back half, I mean, your question on discounts, we -- I don't think I called that out, but I mean markdowns and discounts were a little bit lighter in Q2 this year than last year. The back half, there might be a little bit of a tailwind because we had an online warehouse sale last year. We may not duplicate that this year. But other than that, I mean, the items in our gross margin guidance, I mean, there continues to be some tailwind from product mix; FX, again the Canadian dollar continuing lower will impact at sort of 30 to 50 basis points; and with lower year-over-year revenue, there's deleverage on our fixed costs, so occupancy and depreciation and the cost of the product teams. So those continue to be the main pieces of the gross margin guidance. 
John Currie: On your question on your DTC, as I said in the prepared remarks, e-Commerce comped up 30%. That was driven pretty much entirely by increased traffic. So strong traffic growth continues, not much of a change in terms of conversion or average order value. Your other question, I think, you said down 220 basis points, you might be looking at the margin -- the DTC margin that's contained in the Q. But if that's what you're getting at, it's really just a flow-through of the lower gross margin. Most of the costs related to DTC are variable other than the product margin. 
John Currie: Maybe I'll take that. We had probably the most showrooms we've ever had open during the quarter. I think it was 90, 93. 33 of those are ivivva, which is a real expansion of the showroom program for ivivva. The showrooms in North America for lululemon continue to perform as they have and they are our barometer for where a market is ready for a store. I think, more interestingly, the international showrooms, speaking broadly, the ones in Asia are doing extremely well, much better than the counterparts that we had in the U.S. as we expanded into the U.S. So Singapore, Hong Kong, Shanghai, those showrooms are very strong, which is an indication that there had already been brand awareness in Asia. In Europe, with the London store opening well ahead of our expectations and the other showrooms in London are continuing to perform very well again because there's growing brand awareness in London. And the other European showrooms are really doing quite similar to how the U.S. showrooms did when we really expanded that program back in 2009. So they're on track building brand awareness and we're building showroom sales, which is one of the indications of when we are ready to open stores. So I'd say, overall, the European showrooms are on track. 
John Currie: Traffic in bricks-and-mortar was up sort of mid-single digits and -- but I don't break up monthly comps. I will say, though, that July ended up a little stronger than our expectations because of, as we talked about, the pull-forward of the transition line. 
Laurent Potdevin: Well, I really do feel that we've got the necessary tool. I mean, as I mentioned on the call and actually on the prior call, I mean, we are on this journey of building the foundation and I'm really excited to see the team hitting all of the milestones so far. I mean, it's a really deep project that will see all of its results pay off by the first quarter of 2016. But one of the first milestones being to free up a lot of our designers' time and giving them a lot more room to create has been achieved and we've rebalanced the whole calendar. So that first milestone is incredibly critical in our process of really building the most technical, innovative products. So we have the investments. We're still building the team that we've made a lot of progress in getting a lot of amazing talent onboard. And so I'm really excited. It's by no mean a finished project and there is still much work to be done, but we're very much on track, both from a human capital standpoint, from a financial standpoint and from a technology and process standpoint. 
Laurent Potdevin: I mean, before I let Tara maybe getting more into the product, I mean really the bigger strategic moves are really in ramping up everything we do with our Whitespace workshop and combining that with our ambassadors. I mean, as I've said since day 1, I mean, our ambassadors are truly our most underleveraged asset. I mean, they are the voice -- the authentic voice of this brand and we've done a lot of work in having the Whitespace and the ambassadors collaborate in looking at new activities, looking at problems they want to solve during the activities and we have a lot in the pipeline, both from a performance standpoint, from a raw material standpoint and from a category standpoint and we'll be sharing that when we're ready. And obviously, not to forget all the work that we're doing to boost our international expansion that we're getting really strong demand internationally and we started to really accelerate the pace of our rollout with the Singapore store opening, the finalization soon of the Hong Kong location and the second location in London. 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes, I mean, with ivivva and especially having a 12-year-old daughter, I mean, I'm very, very excited about the work that we're doing with ivivva. I mean, there's so much correlation with what we're doing at lululemon. And when you see the Dreams & Goals programs that we rolled out for little girls, I mean, it's been incredibly well embraced by our young guests. And with sales getting into -- close to $1,000 per square foot, I mean, we're very happy with the result. And we're creating the next generation of lululemon guests, so a very exciting prospect. And in the meantime, we're doing great work with our -- in our communities with little girls. So yes, we see a bright future with ivivva. 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes, we've rolled out -- it was a pilot earlier this year, maybe even at the end of last year actually and we rolled out to all stores now the bag backroom app. So it's an iPod device that's rolled out in all of our stores that give access to the entire online inventory for our educators to see to service our guests. So when you're in-store, you not only obviously have access to the in-store inventory, but now you have access to the whole online inventory and we've seen great momentum in growing this business last quarter to about 1% of our retail sales. So much better service for our guests and much better use of our online inventory. And we've also rolled out a new guest order management system that allows us to flow the orders better through the different DCs. So that was the bag backroom app and obviously we set up a full group in-house to really look at the guest experience. And as we build further technology, I mean, we're obviously going to enhance -- we're going to continue to play with technology and enhance the service that we're providing in maximizing the inventory between the channels. 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes, we've got 4 senior level positions open. We're in the final stages of the HR and brand and community search and we're probably about halfway through the process with the CFO search and the Managing Director for Europe search. 
Laurent Potdevin: And then to the second part of your question, I mean, we had allocated $7 million to drive traffic through increased paid search, online campaigns, e-mail segmentation and redesigning our product notification that are so relevant to our guests. And most of that spend will happen in the back half of the year. I mean, in Q2, I think we spent less than $1 million on it and we looked at sell-through and inventory and saved that investment for the second part of the year. 
Laurent Potdevin: We'd like to thank you, all, for joining us today. And we look forward to talking to you again in the quarter. Thank you so much. 
