Stuart Haselden: Thanks, Glenn. Let me start by offering some highlights on the quarter. Q4 was an important period for us with several key moments of truth.  First, we began to see powerful benefits from our new website. Second, we lapsed tough comparisons in both comps and product margins. Third, we cleared the expense pressure from the digital recovery earlier in the year. And finally, we accomplished all of this while scaling product innovation, expanding internationally and introducing new store formats.  I'm pleased to report that the results our teams delivered exceeded expectations across the board. Our website relaunch enabled important new capabilities and helped us achieve a 42% constant dollar increase in e-commerce in Q4. Our combined constant dollar comp for the quarter was 11% on top of strong business in 2016. We saw normalized gross margin expand 200 basis points, and we leveraged SG&A by 90 basis points. This produced adjusted operating margin expansion of 290 basis points for Q4 and 100 basis points for the year, moving us toward our 2020 goal of EBIT margins above 20%. All of this connected to normalized EPS growth of 33% for the quarter, which comes on top of the 18% growth we delivered in the same quarter last year.  Reflecting on 2017. While we continue to see exciting innovation in our product assortments and store channels, the more remarkable part of the story has been our digital business. Transformation may be too strong of a word but we certainly now have new capabilities in this area that are accelerating our growth. Celeste will share additional details but we are thrilled not only with the numbers we are seeing but also with how well the teams across technology, merchandising, marketing and e-commerce operations are collaborating. Looking ahead, we're excited for 2018 with steady improvements in our product assortments and key innovation launches, setting us up well for this year. As we are now in the early days of 2018, we are seeing the hard work over the last year continuing to pay off. Store traffic is accelerating into Q1 and fueling sequential increases in store comps. Product innovation launches in Everlux, Enlite and ABC in men's are providing powerful tailwinds in our assortments. Online conversion, benefiting from the new website, continues to exceed expectations. Our digital business continues to have much low-hanging fruit with additional opportunities in the near term to fuel further conversion increases with website improvements planned this year and checkout search and personalization. And finally, international continues to be an exciting part of the story with accelerating store growth in Asia and Europe.  Looking beyond this year to 2020 and thereafter, we see a truly global business, dual gender, digitally enabled, with store and online communities driving authentic guest connections in new and innovative ways.  We continue to shape the industry through our product innovation strategies and new category expansions that solve problems for our guests. This vision supports the financial and operational goals we have previously offered for 2020: $4 billion in total revenue, a $1 billion men's business, 25% e-commerce penetration and $1 billion international business. We are on track to achieve our goals, and we're excited by the momentum we're currently seeing across the business.  Let me now hand it over to Celeste to provide additional details. 
Stuart Haselden: Thanks, Oliver. This is Stuart. So let me first address your question on traffic. So really pleased with the momentum that we've seen not only in Q4 but now into Q1. It's hard to overstate also the impact of the product assortment improvements that we've seen. Improved color palette, improved newness and style across the assortment has been really strong. It's also important that -- to note that guest acquisition strategies that we have been pursuing are driving traffic across both stores and e-commerce. As you look at it by channel, it's certainly -- in the store business, the traffic story is really what's driving the comps, and certainly, in e-commerce, it's a conversion story. So as we look at store traffic specifically, we saw total store traffic in Q4 was slightly positive across all regions. We saw sequential improvements across all regions as well in the fourth quarter and now, into the early part of the first quarter. So we're pleased with that traffic picture in general. And the things that I would point to that are driving that, certainly, the macro environment has improved to a degree but more importantly, we see the efforts in our digital marketing or omnichannel capabilities and the improvements that we've seen in driving increases in our e-mail file. These are driving, as I mentioned, traffic across both channels and continuing to see momentum in each of these into the first quarter. And from an e-commerce standpoint, the traffic story is important also but the conversion story is more pronounced. So just to mention briefly, the drivers there related to our website, improvements in load times, better navigation and more flexibility in how we can make changes to the website. So the traffic story is important across both channels and will continue, as I mentioned, into the first quarter as we continue to pursue those strategies. On your second question related to data analytics. As Glen mentioned, this is something that we're focused on. When we met with the board last week, it was one of the few priorities that we have been looking to build new capabilities and to complement our existing competitive advantages. Our approach is to bring data-driven insights into core decision-making across 3 areas: guest engagement, merchandising, general operations. So each of those 3 areas are where we're focusing leveraging data. So we're not as far along as we'd like to be in these areas. We're building a talented team. We've committed some significant resources this year to pursue this strategy. And we're seeing some nice early wins in our e-mail and digital marketing efforts. So this is something we look forward to sharing more with investors later in the year as our programs develop here. 
Stuart Haselden: And Brian, it's Stuart. Let me address your question on gross margin and SG&A for the year relative to our guidance. So we're pleased with the trends that we're seeing in the first quarter in both of these areas, but what I would call out is that the comparisons get generally tougher as we get into the balance of the year. And there are a couple of anomalies by quarter that are worth mentioning. In the second quarter, we will see some gross margin pressure related to occupancy where we have some specific real estate initiatives in the second quarter that will weigh on our gross margin leverage. And then, in the third quarter, there will be also SG&A pressure as we lap FX benefits from 2017. And we also have some timing related to certain strategic initiative, investments in the third quarter that will also pressure SG&A. So those account for some of the differences that we see by quarter. As we look past the first quarter into the balance of the year, these will effectively dampen the overall gross margin and SG&A rate improvements for the year. So those are the headlines I'd offer in terms of how the Q1 guidance connects to the full year guidance of gross margin and SG&A. 
Stuart Haselden: Sure, Matt. Thanks for your question. So on the comp guidance, we're -- we obviously have more visibility on the first quarter, and we're excited on the momentum we're seeing there that we've talked about. And it's really across all parts of the business. We have the easiest comparisons, certainly, in the first quarter. The comparisons will get tougher into the balance of the year, especially given what we just reported for the fourth quarter. And as we think about how we will drive those comp results, certainly, we start with the product assortments and the improvements earlier in the year with regard to product -- I'm sorry, with regard to color and newness that we mentioned. But there's also strong channel tailwinds that we're seeing. We mentioned the traffic drivers and the conversion drivers. Those are both part of the story. And so we're -- so we feel good for the first quarter. And as you look at -- it's probably good to look at the comp picture on a 2-year basis. And you can see that there is some acceleration into the second half of the year with regards to the comp trajectory. And it's really -- I would point to the runway that we have between now and the second half of the year to develop some of the initiatives that we have more completely, whether it's just getting farther along in some of the product strategies, the community strategies, and just there's a number of colocated openings that will begin to ramp up into the second half of the year. So there's a number of things within just the channel strategies and the product strategies that will have a more full expression into the second half of the year that will benefit the comp trajectory. So those are the things I would point to in terms of trying to offer some dimensions by quarter. And then, as we look at your second question with regard to gross margins or margins by channel, overall, we feel great about the continued improvement that we see in product margins. We'll see some benefit in the first quarter with regard to leveraging occupancy and depreciation. That'll be muted into the later quarters of the year, and that's reflected in the guidance that we gave. As you think about margins by channel, certainly, e-commerce carries a higher operating profit margin that'll benefit and flow through to our EBIT margins. And certainly, as we over-index or drive faster growth in e-commerce, that'll be a good thing in terms of helping to leverage operating margins. And we really take an omnichannel approach to the business looking to engage guests where they choose to shop with us. Certainly, there's a lot of investments and effort around digital and e-commerce that is fueling the outsize growth trajectory that we have. That'll continue. So I think those are the comments I'd offer there. And we're pleased with how gross margins are shaping up, and we're pleased with our progress towards an EBIT margin that starts with the 2. 
Stuart Haselden: Thanks, Paul. Let me try to tackle your first 2 questions first, and then I'll invite Sun to speak to the bottoms trend. Store comps by region were generally strong across the board. I would say, we saw particularly strong store trends in the Southeast in the fourth quarter, a little weaker comps in the Northeast. I think, weather was certainly a part of that. And in general, the trends in the U.S. were stronger than the trends in Canada. And within Canada, the Alberta region continues to be a softer area for us from a comp trend standpoint. And from a CapEx standpoint, we did see a significant increase in our plans for CapEx for the year, and that's really reflective of our growth strategy. So the store investments, not only in new stores but in our colocated projects, our international expansion, investments in technology to fuel our e-commerce and digital strategies and supply chain, we continue to evaluate investments in our distribution network to make sure that we are positioned in a very competitive manner with regard to how we're servicing our guests. So all those things are connecting to increased levels of investment that we believe will help us achieve our growth plans. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes, Paul. I think it's a good number to use. I wouldn't -- I'm reluctant to say that's the right number to use for subsequent years. There were some particular technology investments that we had this year that we won't necessarily repeat into following years, but it's not a bad number. 
Stuart Haselden: Thanks, Adrienne. So I mean, the simple answer on the e-com is that we don't have rent or store payroll, which is the big items in the cost structure that distinguish the 2 channels. We have seen pressure on a year-over-year basis with the e-com P&L contribution related to increases in digital marketing, and we're comfortable with that. We're viewing it or we're seeing that as an important vehicle to acquire new guests. So we're investing aggressively in digital marketing. And as I mentioned in my opening -- in the opening question, that's an important part of how we are driving traffic across the company broadly. The gross margin profiles are largely the same. We do -- as you're aware, we have been leveraging the website as a clearance vehicle. And we -- and by virtue of having the ship from store ability to connect the store clearance to the website is a very efficient and profitable way for us to clear excess inventory. So that does flow through the e-com P&L as well. But in general, the gross margin profiles are comparable between the channels. It's really the cost structures that are different. And the year-over-year pressure that I mentioned on digital marketing is notable as well. We expect that, that structure, that sort of margin structure, P&L structure, will continue. There's no reason not to expect that. And as we increase the percentage or penetration of our e-commerce business, it's a benefit to the overall company EBIT. So I hope that offers some color on your question there. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. On the 53rd week, there's about just over a $40 million revenue impact in the fourth quarter, and that connects to about a $0.01 to $0.02 impact in earnings. And really, that's a result of this falling -- that week falling into a markdown -- a higher markdown period for the fourth quarter. So that's really the impact of the 53rd week. And on the tax rate question, there is more flexibility now, obviously, with the repatriation. We'll be evaluating the current structure into the future and taking this as an opportunity to take a look at it. Right now, the tax rate, the new tax rate in the U.S. versus Canada is essentially on par, so there's really no reason to make any changes to the transfer pricing agreements, but we'll certainly be taking a look at, going forward, what makes most sense in terms of our cash disposition. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. Thanks, Omar. On the -- on our e-com business, it's been quite a journey from the first quarter, as Glenn had mentioned. There was a very quick response, and we're able to begin making improvements throughout 2017. And really, the improvements that we made in the second quarter and the third quarter were more process-related and things that were less technology-dependent. We certainly began immediately improving photography and some of the digital merchandising elements of the website in the second and third quarters. But I would say, more importantly, how the teams were working together was the most important factor. We broke down the silos, if you will, between merchandising, brand, e-com operations and technology and created a very cross-functional team that worked in a different manner. And so that led to better decision-making, faster decision-making. And we also identified early in the year the technology impediments that we had with the existing website, and we commissioned work with Deloitte, and we talked about last year as well where we essentially had the front end of the website rewritten with Deloitte's help. We then integrated that in the third quarter and launched the new website at the end of the third quarter. And so you saw those process and sort of low-hanging fruit steps in second and third quarter, and then in the fourth quarter, the inflection that we just reported was related to the new website. And we're pleased with all the hard work that our teams put into making that happen. We launched that website just shortly before peak season into the fourth quarter and really had no interruptions in the business. So it's a pretty remarkable achievement. But as you look at the website and the improvements that we had in the fourth quarter, I mentioned a few of those in that opening question, but it was really related to performance, faster load times, better navigation, visual merch that I just mentioned. There's a more intuitive interface in how the site shops. There were some checkout optimization, not a lot. And now -- but the most important factor that we fixed in the current version of the website was just creating a more flexible format where we can make changes to the website in hours or days where it used to take us weeks or months even. So there are some big issues that we're able to address with that update to the website. And as we look forward into 2018, we have some important projects teed up that will continue to drive conversion. And all the things I just mentioned have really been focused on driving improvements in conversion on the site. But this year, later this year, we will have a big effort around checkout as well as search and personalization. And so those enhancements will benefit and fuel further improvements in conversion and performance on the site into 2018. Then you combine that with the big investments that we made in digital marketing to drive traffic, you get a pretty powerful outcome from an e-commerce standpoint. So we would agree, it's been a remarkable turnaround, and there's a lot more in front of us in terms of how we're going to drive that business into 2018. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes, Mark, thanks for the question. So it is a big focus. We are seeing benefits in the guest aspect of how we're applying data to drive the business. We're getting smarter in how we're being able to engage our guest via e-mail and other social media. And so I would say, we're going to see that benefit the business from a guest acquisition and retention standpoint. We think we can scale that. We can amplify it as we get smarter and have stronger capabilities in data analytics. There are some foundational investments that we need to make in technology that will help us be able to amplify that to a greater degree. Those investments are underway and part of the plans that we talked about, certainly, in the CapEx and the expense plans that we've outlined. We feel like we can drive this new capability with the financial resources that are reflected in the guidance. So we're not expecting. There's some new one-time project that we have to commit the company to that we'll need to share outside of the expense guidance we just offered. So we feel good about the amount of resources we have to drive that particular initiative. And the focus has initially been around our guest and our CRM capabilities. We will then extend that effort into merchandising and channel optimization, as I mentioned. And it's a big focus, and we're recruiting here. We've recruited some key leaders that'll help us build that strategy internally and bring new expertise that we didn't have before. And as I mentioned, we're going to make important investments in the infrastructure to support it. So look forward to sharing more with you guys as we go through the year and we make progress against those goals. 
Stuart Haselden: 24 in fourth quarter, and we had -- we'll more than double that into 2018. And there was a number of those that we've actually kept open into the first quarter based on the strong performance that we saw. Of the 24 that we did, I think, all but 4 or 5 actually beat plan and were very successful. We are not going to quantify the sales impact, but you could probably get to a good estimate, just given the number that we have and using some of the averages that you might expect from a typical Lulu store. And the -- so the other thing I would say about the seasonal is that it's as much a guest acquisition vehicle for us as it is a sales driver. And Celeste mentioned in the prepared remarks, we had about 40% of our guests that shopped with us in the seasonal stores were new to the brand. So that was an important element for us as well. And the general philosophy is there are a lot of locations where we may not want to have a store year-round, but in the holiday season, it's still a relevant place to operate and to capture demand. So it's a good addition to the array of store formats that we have to employ. And then, on your gross margin question, the benefit is going to be sort of reflected in what we said in the gross margin guidance broadly. That is going to be one of a few factors that will benefit product margin and help us deliver that modest improvement for the overall year. We're not going to break it out specifically, but it's meaningful. It's related to reductions in the airfreight that I mentioned. We had previously offered a target for airfreight around 25% of our total mode, and we think we can do better than that in certain periods in a year. So I think that's as much that we're going to be able to say on that specific item, but we appreciate your question. 
Sun Choe: Thanks, Celeste. I'm excited to speak to you about our Q4 merchandise strategies, which continue to gain momentum and set us up well for 2018.  First, in women's, guest response to our holiday assortment was fantastic, as demonstrated by the strength we saw across categories. Outerwear and accessories are key for the fourth quarter, and our assortments clearly resonated. Jackets and outerwear comped up in the low double digits, led by puffer and parka shape, and our new collection of seasonal bags or standout giftables. Women's tops were also strong, which comped up 8%, driven by our seamless program.  Our core business and women's pants was up 19% with continued growth driven by our engineered Naked Sensation. In Q1, we've injected newness into our #1 women's pants style, the Align, expanding the print and pattern offering on top of a new length introduced in Q4. We've also leveraged our Nulu fabrication in the launch of the Flow Y bra.  In January, we excited our guests with new product flows that previewed our spring color palette, and we are encouraged by the response thus far to a greatly improved balance of color, print and pattern, now in-store and online, relative to our offering this time last year.  Looking forward, I'm thrilled by our product pipeline, which delivers a unique blend of function and fashion that speaks to our guests and continues to scale our recent technical innovations. Turning to men's. Trends remained robust, posting double-digit comps in Q4. This was driven in part by ongoing strength in bottoms where comps increased 21%, and we're happy to share that this overall momentum in men's has accelerated into Q1. Our guests continue to love our expanded ABC offering. The jogger is now our #1 pant style in men's, and as of Q1, available in a broader color range. We are further scaling our ABC technology with all of our men's fixed waist bottoms now featuring this construction.  Our men's outerwear business was also strong in Q4 comping up 20%. We're building on this trend this spring with the new collection of lightweight jackets.  In addition, we are executing targeted strategies to drive guest awareness for men's. One recent example is a new collection in partnership with Roden Gray, a leading Vancouver-based menswear boutique, which was successful and sets the stage for larger product collaborations over the course of the year. We're proud of the guest response to our products, and we're determined to build upon this success going forward.  I now hand it back over to Stuart. 
Sun Choe: Great. Thanks. This is Sun. I'll hit on your questions around tops and outerwear. In the case of tops, we really saw a nice turnaround based on our balance of color and pattern, which we spoke to earlier in the call. And I also think that from a portfolio standpoint, we have a really nice balance of core franchises and a variety of silhouettes that's really driving the turnaround in tops, and that is something that we continue to invest in go forward for Q1 and beyond for 2018. In outerwear specifically, we really doubled down on new innovation and waterproofed down for Q4, which really resonated well and created a nice halo for the overall category. And as we look into -- and I would also say that color showed up really well in outerwear, too. The year prior, I'd say, we probably mostly invested in really dark neutrals, and this year, we did offer lighter neutrals, which has been resonating well. It's also a trend that we continue to see going into Q1 in 2018 and beyond. And I would say, really can emphasize the innovation piece to both tops and outerwear as being a really nice halo for us in product. 
Sun Choe: Thanks, Stuart. Paul, this is Sun. In response to your question on newness in bottoms, overall, we really like to look at our total portfolio of bottoms to make sure that we have enough in the idea of seating, which is really where newness comes in. And so while I don't really want to give a number that says we try to target x percentage, we do just want to make sure, from a portfolio standpoint, that we do have enough seating that drives newness to the assortment. 
