Calvin McDonald: Thank you, Meghan, and I want to take this moment to also thank all of the lululemon employees around the world who continue to be agile, nimble and creative as we meet and exceed the expectations of our guests during this time. I'm proud of the resiliency and flexibility of the business that allows us to deliver results like these that demonstrates both our near-term and long-term strength. And I continue to be impressed by how our leadership team is showing up, both as they lead their teams and strategically co-create our future. We all feel that lululemon is becoming stronger quarter-by-quarter and it's a testament to our people, our ability to innovate and our enduring connection with our guests we love to serve. We're now pleased to take your questions. Operator, we can now open it up for Q&A. 
Calvin McDonald: Lorraine, it's Calvin. Absolutely. I'd break it into a couple of key strategic buckets that we've been working on. Early on, the first was pulling forward our investments to ensure that the infrastructure, both our supply chain as well as our websites around the world, were ready for the type of volume that we're anticipating. We've run a variety of scenarios. If you think, obviously, fourth quarter volume is the highest volume within a year, and we're seeing exponential growth on e-commerce. So we sort of applied that modeling to the back half as sort of the benchmark of what we needed to prepare for. And we pulled those investments forward to ensure readiness on the sites and the infrastructure in order to support. And then we've been investing into the guest experience, call center being one of the key areas, looking at how we can mobilize our educators to not just be able to work in the physical, but as well as being able to service our guests online, both through a concierge service as well as a call center. So leaning in and ensuring that we have the infrastructure to support and the guest education center to support are 2 of the big important factors, and that's anticipating our online volume. In the physical space, there is a variety of initiatives that we keep innovating to take away the operating constraints. That's the reality of operating through COVID. We've all seen the lines at our stores. We know that guests are willing and are waiting to queue up. And our challenge is, how do we get more into the store and transact at a quicker rate. So a variety of innovations have gone into that from the virtual lineups that I shared as well as how we just check guests out and service them outside of the store. And then the seasonal stores is a big shift as well, tapping into our nimble fleet, where last year, in fourth quarter, we had 51 seasonal stores. This year, we're planning on 70. And in some locations, we may even be doubling up in a mall or a location where we have an existing store so we can pick up some of that overflow. So those things combined, we feel good that we'll be ready for the volume where we need to be and maximizing the potential of physical space with some of the innovation that I shared with you. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Matt. We're definitely well ahead of the volume that we had anticipated, modeled in our 5-year growth plan that we shared last spring. And under the Power of Three and when we looked at doubling our digital business, we are definitely trending ahead of that run rate. So these investments that we're making this year, I would break into a number of factors. One is our distribution capability of both fulfilling stores as well as e-commerce orders, ensuring we have the right safety measures in place to maintain continuity of operating the DCs, which I'm very proud of the work that the team did to date to operate through while maintaining and putting the health and safety of our warehouse distribution employees front and center. On the website, improving ongoing stability, the ability to take the traffic and convert. And we saw traffic in quarter 2 increase by 91%. Conversion increased by 46%. So these, combined with the volume, are ahead of where we anticipated. And there's just general infrastructure investments you need to make to be able to scale a business like that. Fortunately, we're predominantly cloud-based now, which allows us to more easily expand both in North America and internationally. Internationally, our total business was up 37%. That's including stores. In the quarter, every region in Europe and APAC and China grew, and we saw significant growth in e-commerce. So we're experiencing it in all markets, and we're investing there in the infrastructure to support that volume. We're definitely going to come out of the year ahead of where we thought we would be in the 5-year plan on a dollar perspective, and we'll continue to invest in as we look forward to the '23 plan and then obviously, our planning beyond that, prioritizing the investments. I mean, the center of our strategy is an omni ecosystem and approach and digital plays a big part of that. We're going to keep investing to ensure that we support the growth of the business and take a long-term view on it. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks. I would say, as we've alluded, it's very early. And we started a partnership with MIRROR over a year ago, last spring. And in fact, through that partnership, we had some of our lululemon ambassadors on the MIRROR platform last fall. And that gave us a lot of test-and-learn opportunities to see how the MIRROR guest was interacting with both that ambassador as well as the interaction of at-home sweat. And that, among with many other metrics, gave us the confidence and led to the excitement about making the acquisition. So we look forward. We are moving forward with the notion of a light integration. We're only going to be selling in 10 to 15 stores this year, selling it on lululemon.com as a means to building awareness. And it really is set up as a test and learn and focus on '21. And as Meghan shared, even with the light integration, we're anticipating a solid improvement in their forecast shared earlier, revenues in the $150 million. And as we continue to integrate, as we continue to tap into the ambassadors and the community and expand selling into more of our stores, we're excited about that growth opportunity. Center of how we're viewing our strategy moving forward and where we feel it's very unique versus some other players is the omni ecosystem that's going to include both physical and digital sweat. So the lululemon membership is rooted in physical sweat, MIRROR is rooted predominantly in digital sweat, and we see a relationship between the 2 and at the community level. So we will continue to innovate and expand into that with more to share, but that is really the unique point of our strategy and vision. And MIRROR fits into it well and will be a part of the community, both digitally as well as within the physical representation of our ambassadors, our stores and others as we look to drive that business forward. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks. In terms of our product expansion, we've shared the 4 key sweat activities that we're focused on as a business: run, train and yoga, with on the move being one of the key categories, and we're sort of taking a unique point of view as our most recent campaign sort of picked up on, which is the notion, life is a sport. And we see a lot of growth just in how we provide head-to-toe options and solutions for the guests in those activities. Equally, we have a number of sweat activities that our loyal guests choose as either their secondary or tertiary sweat options that we equally see opportunity to expand our current assortment. And we're working to do that. We're innovating into that, and we're excited about bringing a little continual newness as well as continuity to these sweat activities for both our men's business as well as our women's business and accessories. So there is a lot of new innovation in the pipeline. We shared the launch of our pant business this quarter with the City Sleek initiative with much more OTM planned for the back half and into next year and into these new sweat categories. So I continue to be incredibly energized about the product pipeline, both the newness as well as the opportunity we have and what we've already declared and then the expansion of new categories that would be completely incremental for us, building business, footwear in the coming years. So I think it's exciting to see the work that Sun and the team is doing in and around product through Science of Feel. And really believe we're early in what we offer in North America and then even more so internationally, so see a long runway of growth with product. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. No, absolutely. Thanks, Alexandra. First, just to clarify, the added city is Toronto that we're adding. So we're repeating in 3 of the 4 cities, repeating at Edmonton, Chicago and Denver. And we tested in Austin with great results. But we elected to bring in a larger city with Toronto to test and learn. So Toronto is going to be the new market. And what we continue to see and the adjustments we've made, obviously, the essence of the program is rooted in connection and community, with physical being a big part. The team has done a wonderful job shifting to virtual events, be it sweat or speaker series or other tutorials that guests have engaged incredibly well in that really set up a lot of interesting learning as we think forward around the program. And we will moderate as we see studios open and guests being able to physically sweat. But where we've landed is a good balance of physical sweat, combined with access to product and then rooted at the notion of community and connection, $168 for the 1 year, and we go on making it available this week, and we're excited to see the results. And in every test city we've done, we've seen very positive response from the guests, high loyalty and engagement and intent to repeat and it does have a positive impact on their overall purchases of lululemon as well as recruitment of new guests. So from a guest metric standpoint, it's very encouraging. And it's early, and we are taking it through a test-and-learn phased approach. Toronto is going to be a great new addition. COVID has been an interesting balance based on the positioning of the membership program, but I'm very excited about how the guest has continued to engage in it. If anything, it's given us more confidence than not about the potential. And we will test and learn through these markets with plans to continue to look at adding additional markets in the coming year. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Omar. I'll start by just sort of teeing up the North American business. As we've sort of shared, from Q1 to Q2, we're really pleased with the progression we saw in both Canada and the U.S. Stores performed similar in both markets. Predominantly, that's linked to the operating constraints that we had to operate under with small stores that were incredibly productive and we just had challenges being able to match the same productivity numbers as the previous year. And e-commerce, obviously, picked up a large share of that additional demand. And overall, the mix of the business, we're very pleased with, and it was a significant improvement from a Q1 performance. Internationally, I'll start with China because it continues to just build steam and momentum from Q1 when we had the early closings to when the stores reopened. And we're seeing incredible growth in both our e-commerce number, which was up 136% in China and stores, which are up significant growth as we saw through the quarter and heading into this quarter. They're benefiting from a lot of the domestic travel that's occurring. But from a brand perspective, we've opened up a number of additional doors and they have all performed well ahead of plan. In Tier 2 cities, we continue to see great growth and reaction to the brand. And we're acquiring new guests, and both channels are performing very strong. So very excited about what we continue to see as an inflection in our business in China and the momentum behind it and the growth that it's driving, which is by far the strongest of any market that we're in to date in this quarter. And though in Europe and rest of Asia Pacific, very positive growth, led in e-commerce. E-commerce number similar to that in North America, which is really exciting for us because it's acquiring a new guest and it's resetting how high is high with our online business and potential as we think about assortment, think about our physical real estate strategy and entering into new markets. So I'm excited overall with the performance of our business internationally and continue to see guest acquisition increase the expansion of the brand, led by China, but very strong in all markets that we're in. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. It's definitely build it slowly and test and learn and be able to go a little bit more aggressive in '21. And we're going to test and learn between the balance of making it available and increasing awareness through dot-com, making it available through stores. They're in a good supply chain perspective now. Their average delivery is 7 to 10 days in terms of inventory flow. Obviously, during early COVID, that number was expanded. They've been able to play catch up, and we're sitting in a good position. But we see this as an exciting position long term. And there's good momentum already in that, and we're going to add to it, but it is really test and learn with a focus on '21. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. I'll touch on the inflection as well as how we're leaning in and how we're planning to continue to lean in. Clearly, health, wellness and functional apparel and trends in apparel have changed dramatically. And I don't foresee them defaulting back to pre-COVID sort of awareness with the guests. I think health and wellness trends are here to stay. I think that some of the trends we've seen in fashion and what guests are going to expect in apparel and in how they dress and how they want their apparel to perform are here to stay. And both of those benefit our brand and our positioning in a number of ways, predominantly linked to our Power of Three growth strategy around product, omni guest and creating that ecosystem as well as market expansion. So I'm excited about the potential of growth. And what we do know is, and we've shared this before, is even with the success of our business to date, we have awareness opportunities. We have significant awareness opportunities with men in North America. And in our international markets, awareness and consideration is and remains one of our big exciting opportunities. So we definitely leaned in, in Q3 with digital marketing. Plan to do more of that in the back half and into next year. Part of the success we saw internationally was turning on digital marketing and CRM in a more aggressive way than we've traditionally done in the past and it responded very well. So the teams are going to continue to learn. We're continuing to sort of play with our rollout and what we want and expect from the investments and how we get our brand known and have that awareness metric improve in the coming months and the coming years. So I just think the world is looking for more of what we have to offer and our opportunity, we know, is that our awareness around offering it is still a big opportunity for us, and we're going to lean in and invest in the back half of this year and into next year to do that. And that's all part of the guidance and margin that Meghan provided. And it's also inclusive. There's no change to our Power of Three 5-year view of the financial model that we shared as well last spring. So it's all incorporated in that, how we chase and lean. But it's an exciting opportunity for us to drive awareness, and we see the opportunity and we are shifting investment to go after it. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. Thanks, Mark. It's Meghan. So we were really pleased with the strength we saw in product margin in the quarter. You heard we did do an online warehouse sale, which compressed really with our stores closed, markdown selling into one period. But when we look across the quarter, we saw some really nice strength out of full price selling. We're not going to offer color on product margin specifically as we move into the second half, but we are expecting gross margins in the second half of the year to be better than the first half and expect a decline in Q3, returning to gross margin expansion year-over-year in Q4. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. So we are tracking relatively in line with the top line color we provided, which is total revenue growth in the mid to high single digit range for the quarter. 
Meghan Frank: Great. In terms of inventory, we are pleased with the level of competition coming out of Q2. Our inventory was up 36% year-over-year, which was under our Q1 year-over-year balance. We previously thought end of Q2 would be our high point, and now we expect that will be Q1. So as you know, we did do an online warehouse sale during the quarter, pleased with those results. But again, I'd just point back to, we're also very pleased with our full price sales results. We do expect inventory to moderate in the second half of the year, up 20% to 30% as we move into the third and fourth quarter. And just as, again, a reminder, we do benefit from core being approximately 40% of our assortment. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. Thanks. It's Meghan. So I think in terms of inventory, what I'd say is, again, just 40% of our assortment is -- approximately 40% is core. And we expect inventory levels to moderate through the second half of the year, as we mentioned, 20% to 30%. As you know, that is above sales growth, but we feel comfortable with the level based on redeploying the inventory and taking into consideration that core portion. We do expect gross margin in the second half of the year to improve relative to the first half. And we expect, again, a decline in Q3 and returning to growth in Q4. And then in terms of MIRROR, we're not going to break down the second half estimate, that $150 million, in excess of $150 million is for the full fiscal 2020. 
Meghan Frank: Great. So in terms of the e-commerce cadence, we had mentioned that we saw 125% when we were reporting Q1 at the start of the quarter. So we did see a pickup as we moved throughout Q2. And we saw 157% for the quarter. And it was 137% excluding the online warehouse sale. We have seen, as I mentioned, in line with our expectation of that year-over-year growth rate moderating as stores open for the full period of Q3 and into the second half. We do expect e-comm to be above the 30% to 40% growth rate that we experienced prior to COVID. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. I wouldn't say there's a driver to the moderation. It's really looking at the omni trend overall, which, again, we see in the mid to high single digit range. And just with the lion's share of the stores open, just not seeing as much of a channel shift trend with our guests being able to access our store fleet. 
