Calvin McDonald: Thank you, PJ. I want to express my confidence in the leadership team of lululemon and our brand's strong position, which will enable us to effectively navigate these unexpected times. Our hearts go out to everyone who is personally impacted by COVID-19. I'm continually impressed by how the teams of lululemon are leading through this time and who they are being for one another, for our guests and for our community. In closing, I want to thank our team members for the results they delivered for lululemon in 2019 and for their perseverance and commitment to our brand that I continue to see from them each and every day.  Operator, we can now open it up for questions. 
Calvin McDonald: Okay. Thanks, Matthew. I mean I'll tackle the first part and then, I think, share a little bit of the learnings from China. I believe the balance that we are striking is recognizing that lululemon is in a very healthy position. We had fantastic momentum coming in to the current situation. And there's nothing that I believe will fundamentally change our ability to regain that momentum. Once we reopen -- once the guests get some degree of normal-ness back into their life, how they will come back into our category and shop. We know and we've stated the balance sheet is healthy. That allows us to trade and think into the future. And we equally know that with the Power of Three and the vision that we're building towards is, if nothing else, even reinforced with the current opportunities or situation that we're facing around our community, around our omnichannel strategy, how we're thinking about leveraging the brand and with our guests.  So we are taking short-term actions, as PJ alluded to, that are appropriate because there is a degree of uncertainty. And we have looked at our strategic initiatives, and we have delayed some of those, but there are some, we're investing in technology, investing in our omni-digital capability and investing into that vision of an omni-social community, that we continue to make. So we have reshuffled. We've rebalanced, but we believe even more so that the vision and the opportunity for lululemon is strong. And now is the time to not stop building for the future while recognizing we need to sort of pause on some in order to maintain others.  In part, when we do look at China, I do think it will help inform how North America and Europe will come back trading. But I do think the scenarios are slightly different in that China had a quick 2-week closing period when the stores were then reopened. We've traded 5 weeks since reopening. We are in our sixth week. But the country was still under a level 1 security alert. So I think its pace of rebuilding back business is getting better every day, every week, but is building back. In North America and Europe, we're planning on a longer close period, which I think once we reopen, could accelerate the pace in which we see guests coming back into the stores. And obviously, from now to then, there are other factors in the economy that have equally changed or evolving. So we're continuing to monitor, run scenarios against both. But I do believe in our ability to strike that balance and continue to invest in the future in the vision, and we're doing that. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks again on that. And we are absolutely in our support phase of initiatives managing our inventory. I do believe being vertically integrated gives us a ton of benefits. And there are other benefits that we equally have that are outside of just being vertically integrated. The benefit of being vertically integrated is that we own the relationship with our vendors, and we own the relationship right through to our guests and how we sell and how we choose to present the product and the quantities in which we've been buying allows us to manage very differently, in my opinion.  Equally, and as we've commented before, one of the benefits around our inventory and product, we have bought through the first half of the year. We are able to influence our Q3 buy slightly, and we are in the work on our fall and winter buys now. But our product is less seasonal. There is a high percentage of our business that is core, which means we're able to hold and continue to sell for a much longer period of time. We're less dependent on the need to flush out inventory.  Second, our technology. With the use of RFID, we can access product at any point across our network, not just DCs, but at our stores as well from ship from store. So it allows us to do just regular demand that we're seeing today. Online, our plan in the next week is to turn on ship from store from our stores, although they will not be open to the public, we will be opening up some locations from a ship from store perspective and have a small number of staff operating that. That's going to allow us to continue to manage that inventory that's already in the network very effectively. And so those, I think, combined with the relationships we have with our vendors and the fact that we own the end-to-end are a number of very unique levers that put us in a much better position to manage our inventory levels. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Mark. We're seeing some shifts in demand. Currently, as you can imagine, much of that is more in the accessories categories with yoga mats and some of our yoga blocks and items that are fulfilling that need as more and more of our guests sweat at home. But we're not planning to change any of our launch cadence. Rather, we're looking at timing to ensure that our plans are still relevant with the environment that we're in to make sure that how we present the product to the guest is in appropriate way that it's not tone deaf to the situations that are happening around us. But in general, I think the benefit we have is that -- and what's in our favor is that our launches are rooted in solving guests' unmet needs, and it really isn't bound to time or seasonality or fashion. So there are real no changes to 2020 launch plans or as we look into '21 at this point in time. We had just launched our Everlux in February, which is our first product launch for this year under Science of Feel positioning, and the guests resonated incredibly strong to it. It was -- far exceeded our expectations and continues to sell well online.  And as I look forward to the rest of the year, we don't have any immediate plans at this place. We have our online network to sell. We still have other markets where we're operating in. And we know, as I said, we will be open soon, and we believe the innovation and what we have will only enhance and entice the guests to come back into the stores. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Mark, and definitely want to clarify that. We saw coming into the store closures very strong momentum in both our retail and digital channels. As PJ alluded to, we had an incredible fourth quarter. Total comps of 20%, which was the strongest in all of 2019, which was a very strong year for us. So it's great to end with that momentum. We saw that momentum continue into the start of this year across both physical stores and digital. Since closing, our digital business has picked up, but it's obviously not recovering all the volume loss from our store networks being closed, but we have seen our store -- or our online business accelerate in terms of growth. But obviously, it cannot pick up the entire demand. So it is responding well, and we've adjusted our digital marketing initiatives. We leaned in a bit there, again, back to the notion of balancing cost expenditures, but doing it strategic. We've leaned in a bit. We're seeing good response to that, good response to new products, still some other categories are picking up, but it's not completely covering the loss of store volume but is responding in a positive manner. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Ike. As I sort of teed up, what's interesting with China and I think an important element to remember is that we closed for 2 weeks. We've been open for 5. We're in our sixth week. The country was still on a Level 1 emergency alert. They are just moving to a Level 2 this weekend in Shanghai, Beijing. In one of our other regions, that region moved to a Level 2 earlier in the week. And we did see an immediate uptick in the performance of the stores. Yesterday, our total business in China from a collective of stores and online had a very strong day. So it really is day-to-day, and we're learning as we go. I believe that the 5-week period was impacted by the Level 1 emergency alert. And as that changes, we will see more and more business come back at a quicker rate than what we have over the 5 weeks, and we're seeing that, although it is early. And we have been in negative comp but improving. And I think it's too early to assess when will we tip over negative comp into positive comp in our stores. Our online business has been trending very well, positive comps. But similar to North America, it just cannot offset the entire volume loss in our physical stores. But with what I'm seeing in the last few days and as these emergency alerts drop, I have reason to believe that we will see a quicker pace than we've seen in the last 5 weeks to that important sort of inflection point of getting back to positive. 
Calvin McDonald: Okay. All our stores are now open in China, except for one in Wuhan, which actually we just received notification that it will be opening next week. So we'll have all doors open next week in China, which I think is positive and continue sort of the positive trend that's happening in that marketplace with the COVID-19. And there are differences in terms of how stores are performing, and it is both by markets as well as when we've seen some of these level emergency alerts change. They aren't broadly distributed. So the difference between the top quartile to the bottom left quartile isn't a massive scatter, but we are seeing some stores that are closer to the positive comp than others. But they are all trending and moving sort of week-by-week into a similar trend, which is every market, every store is getting better. Some started closer to the positive comp and have continued the momentum to that. And then as these markets take -- or cities take a position to change their emergency status, that's where we really see the inflection point on overall performance improvement. 
Calvin McDonald: In China, where we first innovated and continued sort of our relationship and partnership we had with an app there called Keep, which is a wonderful platform to activate sort of online sweat and then introduced some of the innovation around WeChat, I shared some numbers with you. And we are seeing a number of new guests. Whenever we do these type of activations in that market, be it some of our Tmall initiatives around Brand Day or on these type of platforms and partnerships, they're proving to be wonderful new guest acquisitions. So we're doing more of them as a result of not having physical sweat or events as an option, and we're seeing an increase in the acquisition of new guests.  In North America, it's early, but I would anticipate that we would equally see some new guests acquired this way, but it is really absolutely satisfying and providing a service to our loyal guests that actively participate in our events that aren't available to them at this point in time or our ambassador studio community that are closed at this point in time. So I think we will see some but not quite to the degree of the China market, but it's a combination of. And I think it's just reinforcing the power of one of our goals as it relates to our vision, which is building this omni-social community where we launch and host both physical events and physical activations to come together, be it through membership or stores or local events as well as our digital. And this has just pushed our innovation into the digital space. And it's inspiring to see the guests respond to it and think how the physical and digital will come together as we lean into that as one of the opportunities for our vision. 
Calvin McDonald: And on the different options relative to our inventory position. One, obviously, that we're activating because you want to get ahead of it is our forward buy, and that's the work we're in right now, as well as work with our vendors on orders that had been placed. And if we want to adjust those accordingly based on the inventory we have on hand, knowing that a large percentage of it is core. But some of those future orders would have been replacing core, and we can reduce and pull those down. And on that core inventory, when it's your basic colors, there is no need for us to take a short-term immediate action, and we won't. There will be a portion of inventory that we will want to look to our traditional levers in order to help us clear through. I think the important thing is we don't need to nor are there any plans on making any short-term decisions that's going to hurt our brand, our positioning -- our price positioning in the long term. We have had clearance strategies. And right now, we don't see any need to change from them. We're going to continue to use in-store as markdowns. Online as markdowns. We have outlets. And up to 2019, we've had online warehouse sales. And last year, we didn't need to run that, so we did not. But we have typically run warehouse sales, and that is one initiative that is at our disposal, and we may use it. But we have always traditionally used it. And combined with the other levers, I see no need to activate anything further, and everyone should know that we are managing all those decisions through the lens that we won't take anything that puts our price positioning, the power of our price and our brand at risk nor do we see the need to. 
Patrick Guido: Yes. Sure, Adrienne. So first off, yes, our CapEx was closer to $300 million for 2019. And we're not giving guidance for 2020 because we are managing it actively. To answer your question, I would say roughly 1/3 of our CapEx is maintenance CapEx with the balance being growth. And as you said, it comes in the form of stores, and it also comes in the form of investing in growth platforms, our supply chain, our IT. So we are going to -- we are actively reviewing the CapEx budget and where we can throttle back on things that we don't see having a huge impact on the business, we'll do that. But we'll still absolutely do the things that we need for long-term growth. So we will pull back on CapEx. Hard to give you a specific number right now. 
Patrick Guido: And then, Erinn, on your question about managing expenses. So we do have significant flexibility built into our SG&A. And the way we think about it is in a few buckets. There's the variable component, which will come down naturally as sales have come down. But there's also things we can do to drill into that a little bit further. There's the discretionary spend. Marketing is a good example. We can redeploy marketing dollars. For example, we're not doing store events now, but we can redeploy into digital marketing to drive e-comm performance. So we can do things there. And then there's the overhead piece, which we are actively managing. And I talked about it a little in the prepared remarks, but there are several levers we can pull to control expense, whether it's slowing head count growth, curtailing travel. There's a number of buckets across the organization where we can find savings depending on what scenario we are in. So I feel pretty good about the flex we have in the P&L. 
Patrick Guido: Yes. Thanks, Kate. It's PJ. So on the occupancy piece, it's obviously a very fluid real-time situation. So it's hard to comment on any rent relief we might see. What I will say is we have great relationships with our landlords. We are in active conversations with them. So we're hoping for some flexibility and anticipate some. So there's more to come on that but nothing solidified at this point. 
