Stuart Haselden: Sure, Kate. On the -- on your questions on gross margin, let me just cast some or offer some clarity rather on the results in the second quarter and how we were able to exceed our expectations and our prior guidance. So there were really 3 factors that enabled us to exceed expectations in the second quarter. First, it was a favorable selling mix. We sold a higher proportion of our products from the higher-margin categories. The second factor was less markdowns. To -- more to your point, we saw a higher full price sell-through result in the quarter. We had less markdowns that were needed in order to stay on top of our inventory movement. And the third factor was a favorable duty cost outcome. We saw better-than-expected savings from our first sale programs.  Specifically on markdowns, as I mentioned, the results that we saw in the second quarter were better than expected. I would -- looking forward into the second half of the year, I wouldn't necessarily expect that, that same outcome would continue just given the healthy position that we have in our inventory now. So I would expect markdowns to normalize to some degree into the second half of the year and perhaps not be quite as favorable as we saw in the second quarter.  In terms of the product costs benefits that we are achieving, we are in fact on track to achieve the order of magnitude of the 300 basis point improvement as we look back to 2014 levels over the next few quarters. And so that is -- that program to recover that level of profitability is materializing. We're pleased with the progress we're making. And by the -- I would say, by 2017, certainly, the middle of 2017, we will have achieved the majority of that cost or that product cost improvement. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes, I would say the SG&A takeaway from the guidance and the results we just announced is that we expect SG&A to moderate into the second half of the year and into 2017 as well. Over the long term, I would expect us to be able to leverage SG&A at a high single-digit comp level. So -- but in the near term, we've just completed a number of critical strategic investments in relation to the infrastructure of our supply chain and merchandising. The bulk of those activities are wrapping up in the second quarter, and that is what's giving rise to the moderation in SG&A into the second half and then further into 2017. 
Stuart Haselden: So I'll speak to the comp progression and just the underlying drivers of the comp, and then maybe Laurent will speak to the product category performance. We did see traffic continue to be a headwind for us in the second quarter. We were able to offset that with improvements in AUR and UPTs that enabled us to deliver the positive comp that we reported. The traffic headwinds have extended into the third quarter, but similarly we're seeing upside in AUR and UPTs that are offsetting it. The trend has been choppy, and I think we're not immune to what's happening from a macro standpoint. We're not going to be able to break down the specific periods within the quarter, but the trends, we didn't see a huge divergence sort of beginning to end of the quarter, safe to say. 
Stuart Haselden: Cody, it's Stuart. So we don't have any concerns about our supply chain or our suppliers or the shipping partners that we use. So we have close relationships with blue chip partners and really no concerns at all there and have seen no disruptions in our shipping partners or supply chain broadly. And our guidance reflects our confidence in our supply chain structure. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. I think we did 10 last year and we have 12 planned for 2016. And similar, I would say, similar amount that I would expect going forward annually. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes, we're pleased with the 4-wall economics. It is more expensive to do business in Asia and much of the world, and that translates into higher labor cost and higher rents. But we're still pleased at the 4-wall profits that we're seeing. It's probably 300 to 500 basis points lower than the North American -- the average for North America. But still, we're very happy with the level of profitably we're seeing. 
Laurent Potdevin: I think that when you look at the product category, I mean, we continue to see a lot of strengths in the bottoms, women's bottoms. I mean, it's double-digit comping. And every time we've introduced new silhouettes, new functionalities, some of the details that came in the past couple of months and new fabrics, I mean, we see a fantastic response from our guests. So I really do feel that as we continue to -- we had the loss of the pant wall last year, and that was a moment in time where we introduced a couple of fabrics and a few silhouettes. And since then, we've been continuing to introduce silhouettes, if you think about the Align Pant or the Align Crop and every time we've done that, we've actually seen great response. And actually, where we've actually delivered more value to the guests and taken price increases, we've seen no price resistance. So really pleased with that. And the work that we're doing in tops is really starting to -- paying off, especially with tanks and bras. 
Laurent Potdevin: I think -- I don't think we should think about necessarily anniversarying the pant wall. I mean, the pant wall was a new way of presenting the product assortment with fabrics and silhouette, but it was really sort of a matter of starting to educate on sensation. And so I would really think about, for every product category, but specifically with pant, as a continued flow of innovation. So you're going to see,  we're going to introduce new looks with new fabric in September. And so you're going to see, the way we educate on sensation, you're going to see that continue. But within that education, you're going to see new fabric, new silhouette. So I feel like we've got the right pipeline of innovation, both from a fabric, a silhouette and as well from a print and texture standpoint, we've got the right pipeline of innovation to continue to perform in the category. So I feel really good about that. When I think about the back half of the year, what I'm really excited about is if you think about the first half, what we've done from a digital standpoint, we really put a great foundation in place. So we launched a website. For the first few weeks of the launch, I mean, we actually did better than we expected as user get a new user experience. But we invested less in digital marketing as users got familiar with the environment. And in the second half, I mean, now we've got CRM fully implemented. We've got capabilities to do A/B testing on everything we do. And we're going to see continual improvement with -- if you think about the whole experience, we are really relentlessly focused on reducing all the frictions with our guests. So from the way you're browsing to the way you're looking at the product pages, to the check-out, you're going to see a lot of improvements. So the foundation was put in place in Q1. We were able to achieve some great performance. And now we can really accelerate with tools that we're putting on top of that foundation. So I'm really excited about not only the impact that it will have online, but I mean, we benefit greatly from that work in stores as well. And so when you think about ship-from-store program or the continued success of our BBR apps that access online inventory in the stores, I mean, all of that coming together, I'm really, really excited about that. 
Laurent Potdevin: I wish we had more time to answer that question because there is so much going on in the back half. But I mean, if you look at -- simply look at what happened with the mobile app. Like since we relaunched the website, I mean, we went from a 2.5, 3 star rating in the app store to a 4.6 star rating, which really speaks to the new user experience. So you had a couple of questions. I mean, if you think about CRM and analytics, I mean, one, the ability to test everything we're doing is something that we didn't have and something that's paying off instantly. So we can put different product pages up and know within hours what works, what doesn't work or what works better. From a men's standpoint, I mean, lately, we've been able to send like a men's personalized homepage to the guest that we know, and that had over a couple of weeks an improvement of 7.5% in conversion for that segment, which was fantastic. I mean, if you think about in-store reengagement with sharing all of that CRM data so that the store can actually create events that are catered to very qualified guests. And we can actually switch from a weekly e-mail that was really product-based to opportunities that are more event-based. So maybe you're a lapsed guest and we're getting you back or maybe you're a first time guest and we can really talk to you in a more personalized way, and all of that's coming to life in the back half of the year. So to your question, it's -- you're going to see continually and it's very agile and nimble, the environment that we build with the team that we have. So you're going to seek continual change through the entire experience and it will benefit the stores as well. And we're linking inventory. So when you think about ship from store, I mean, it's really going to allow us to use potential like broken sites curve to move them much faster at full retail. So avoiding those onesies and twosies markdown in the stores, then we'll have access to those items much faster. So there's a lot going on in the back end of the year that will bring the entire ecosystem together. 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes, I mean, I think it -- well, first of all, when you mention a wholesale, I mean, I think it's really important for people to know that at Harrods, I mean, it is our employees and our inventories. So what we're known for is the experience, I mean, we actually create and control that experience, which is really, really important. I mean, I've said before, I mean, it's -- the structure that we have being vertical, really allows us to not only create amazing experience but also gives us the margin structure to work with the best fabrics and the best textures.  And what you're going to see in the second half some incredible prints. So I think you're right. There are opportunities around the world to evolve the model. Harrods is one of them. What we're doing in China with Tmall is -- Tmall is growing incredibly fast in China, and it's putting a lot of eyeballs on the brand. So we've got opportunity strategically to work with partners. And I certainly wouldn't say that it's going to a wholesale model. I mean, we're very happy with the structure that we have and the extent [ph] that it allows us to create for our guests. 
Laurent Potdevin: And as far as the tops business, I mean, I think you're going to see improvement. I mean, I think you're seeing a lot more looser silhouette. I spoke to the tank, the shirtless tank that are performing really well. We've got double-digit comp there. I think we still have some work to do on the jackets, but we've got a great fleece program coming in the fall both for men's and women's. So I don't -- I mean, your question was how far are we along. I think you're going to continue to see there's a lot of fabric innovation. There's a lot of silhouette innovation. So I mean, it's -- I don't think it's ever a finished project. It's a little bit like the pant wall. We're going to continue to innovate, and you're seeing a lot of it on the floor coming in the second half. But there is -- I mean, when I think about the new fabrics and the silhouettes and the textures and the print coming in spring of '17, I mean, I'm -- I think we've got a lot of room to continue to grow. I mean, if you think about the ratio to pants, I mean, we're starting to grow that ratio again. And fully reaching the ratio of tops to pants, I mean, really creates a lot of room for growth. 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes, I mean, it's been -- I mean, I think you see that actually in -- we talked about the traffic headwinds and when you see the UPT and the AUR and the level of conversion, I mean, I think that really speaks for the product. I mean, in August, actually, I think we ended up being really lean with some of our summer products. And I actually think it's a great position to be in. I mean, it speaks for how quickly the products flew off the shelf. And we probably left some business on the table in some of these new products that flow through the store and through online, so really, really pleased with not only the assortment, but how the assortment merchandises together. So I mentioned that on our last call, but we used to have really sort of different vision and design and print and colors for studio and cardio, and all of that now being an overarching vision that actually extends to the men's category, really allows our guests to put outfits together more easily and in a more powerful way. So very pleased with what we're seeing so far. 
Laurent Potdevin: Well, I mean, if you think about -- I mean, I think Aspen is a great example. You can think about mountain resorts. You can think about fish [ph] communities. You can think about influencing communities, where we don't have the need for a full store. And when you think about our international expansion and what we're doing globally, I mean, we have a "Local in Tokyo." So in Harajuku, we've got a 900 square foot location that's absolutely gorgeous and that's getting a lot of traffic. And it's really -- and I can see them -- I could see having a lot of locals in Tokyo where you have one that's dedicated to men, one that's  dedicated to run. So I think it's influencing communities. It's resorts [ph], it's smaller market. But especially with everything we're building from a digital standpoint, I mean, we can really support -- having the ability of the product assortment in a more nimble and -- in a more nimble way and with a lighter footprint. 
Laurent Potdevin: Really, when you think about Asia, I mean, actually when we look at the product mix, I mean, we don't really see any significant difference in the assortment between the rest of the world and Asia, which is -- I mean, we really talk about building a globally inspired line which resonates with guests around the world. No significant deviation from what you're seeing in the rest of the world. I mean, what I'll say that on the Tmall, we see a very, very strong accessory business, and it's people that are [ph] engaging with the brand for the first time. And so we're pleased with that. As far as stores, I mean, the showrooms have been performing really, really well in China. Actually, when you think about Beijing and Shanghai, and so that's where we've being most focused. And the ambassador strategy is really working well. I mean, we had this amazing event a couple of days ago in the Forbidden City. We had 3,000 people doing yoga, and the event was done in partnership with Alibaba and sold overnight. So I mean, I really think that we've got momentum. We are focused on the right cities. And as far as the assortment, I mean, it's resonating. It's the same assortment that's resonating with the guests that we've seen in the rest of the world. 
Laurent Potdevin: One thing that we see with consumer behavior, and you know that, is that they're obviously a lot more engaged from a mobile standpoint. So all the work that we're doing from a digital standpoint will allow us to sort of get to the new guests a lot faster and more efficiently and profitably. 
