Stuart Haselden: Matt, it's Stuart. So on the comps in the first quarter, basically, as we were into the second -- into the final stages of the fourth quarter, we began to see conversion on our website soften. That trend has extended into the first quarter. We also saw store traffic soften in the early part of February. The other KPIs, particularly in the stores, remain solid. And in particular, AURs in stores remain strong. And so the headwinds that we're seeing in traffic really account for the softness in the store comp trends, and online, it's really related to conversion. So as Laurent mentioned, we're focused on addressing, in particular, the e-commerce softness through the assortment, through the color gaps that we saw on the assortment as well as how the visual merchandising on the site had opportunities for improvement. So we've been in aggressive actions on those points, and we're pleased to see positive results in the early days since we've made those changes. Beyond that, I think as we think about the Q1 comp, the guidance reflects just the quarter-to-date results and a measured outlook for April. We see more upside as we think about the balance of the year. And really, the guidance that we issued for the full year contemplates a degree of improvement across stores and e-commerce. That said, the improvement is more weighted to e-commerce. Many of the initiatives that we mentioned will benefit e-commerce disproportionately, specifically the site merchandising that I mentioned, also the mobile app launch in the second quarter, the omnichannel strategy as well, specifically ship-from-store, which has been a very successful initiative for us in 2016. We're expanding that, as I mentioned, significantly. And we'll have that expansion ramping through Q2 and benefit from that for the balance of the year. And also, there's just the broader macro trends that I think we're seeing across the industry, with consumers and our guests, in particular, shifting their shopping preferences to digital versus brick-and-mortar. So in terms of the store side of the equation, we've taken a sober view on our store outlook given the traffic trends. It's safe to say that our guidance does not reflect the same store comp performance that we saw in 2016. That said, we have a number of strategic sales-driving investments that will ramp over the course of the year that will benefit our stores and our website business in Q1. And in particular, February and March really did not benefit from all the initiatives that we've been talking about. And what we're -- and specifically, and we enumerated most of these on the -- in the prepared remarks, the product introductions are very important. The Nulux styles that landed this week have now risen to be our top sellers in both women's pants and crops. So we're excited to see the traction with Nulux. The bra innovation that we'll introduce in the second quarter, we believe, is also incredibly exciting and will -- can move our business. Jackets and outerwear, big businesses for us in the second half. We've had teams working to develop exciting new styles for that part of the business for the second half. And then also, as Laurent described, the brand campaign in the second quarter, we've never done -- had a strategy like that, so we're really excited to see how that can move our business as well. CRM in the third quarter and the expansion of our co-located strategies, which has proven exceptionally successful, we're ramping that into the second quarter. We see upside potentially for those -- for that strategy into the second half of the year as well. And the acceleration of China, so exciting comp trends in China. We've -- we're excited to see the number of stores opening there, increasing with more potential beyond that. So let me pause and see if Laurent would add anything. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes, Matt, as I had indicated on the -- in the prepared remarks, we're seeing product margins recovering as expected in the first quarter. And to put a number to it, we're seeing product margins improving over 300 basis points in the first quarter, and we'd expect a similar trend into the second quarter. Unfortunately, the deleverage on our fixed cost components of gross margin is offsetting that to a greater degree than we expected as a result of the sales trend. And notably, we have 39 net new stores in Q1, which we didn't have last year, and the occupancy costs related to that is also weighing on that leverage point. So what we've said is that we will leverage our cost in the mid-teens total revenue growth rate. We're obviously falling short of that in the first quarter. We're happy with the product margin results overall. And I think the strategic cost reduction improvements that we've mentioned will benefit not only the SG&A line, but also the -- there's certain elements within the buying cost in gross margin that it will also benefit. So from a long-term basis, I still see us leveraging the cost structure at the mid-teens total revenue level. We'll probably do a little better than that in 2017 as a result of the expense initiatives we have underway. 
Stuart Haselden: Sure, Adrienne. It's Stuart. So the infrastructure priorities that we have globally are certainly to enable the expansion in Europe and Asia. We're seeing the fastest growth right now in Asia, and particularly in China. There is a lot of energy right now in building out the team and the infrastructure in China to enable the store opening pace that we'd like to see. I was in Hong Kong a few weeks ago with the team, evaluating how we can accelerate our market entry plans from a -- on a cross-functional basis. So we're aggressively recruiting the team to lead those efforts in the region, and we're excited with the momentum that we're seeing in China specifically. The team in Europe is being built out as well. We have a new GM, Gareth Pope, in Europe, who's helping us set the vision. So I'm sure there will be more to talk about in the future as Gareth develops that's strategy. But yes, it's definitely a big part of the -- of our long-term vision and that infrastructure is important to enabling it. 
Stuart Haselden: Sure, Brian. On the guidance, as we think about the KPIs, we're seeing strong results in AUR. And our expectations were that AURs would moderate into 2017 as we begin to lap some of the really strong I&Es that we saw in 2016. I think we see more opportunity on the conversion side. As the product strategies and the product innovation lands, we'd be able to convert at an improved level both in stores and online. And I would say there's important traffic drivers as well between the brand campaign that Laurent just mentioned, improvements in our digital marketing strategies, the various CRM engagement enhancements that we have planned for the year, those will all drive traffic across both channels. But we're not relying on at least in how we've modeled the year, improvements in AUR to drive the comp. In fact, we expect to see AURs moderate. So I think that's how we're thinking about the comp from a KPI standpoint. And the -- on the supply chain work, we're really pleased with how that's proceeding. Ted Dagnese, our head of supply chain, has done a nice job of building out the team and continuing to take that agenda forward. And the partnership that we have with our suppliers is critical to that. We are continuing to now build on the success, as we mentioned, on -- in '16. The margin architecture that we landed is certainly a part of how we will manage the business and take it forward. We're turning our attention now to how to extend our supply chain capabilities to shorten lead times, to make us more agile, to identify how we can expedite product to market more quickly in response to market trends. And a number of our suppliers have had success with a number of other companies as well with that model that we're looking to learn from. So excited on the developments, see even more potential, even to gain efficiencies as our segmentation strategy within our supply chain continues to ramp. So a lot of upside as we think about supply chain and how it supports the business going forward. 
Stuart Haselden: Ike, so I think versus our expectations, the e-comm channel has been softer than stores. The -- and I think as the guidance -- I know the guidance that we have given reflects a stronger recovery in trend in e-commerce versus stores, and it's related to all of the things that we described earlier that are sort of disproportionately expected to benefit our e-commerce business. The store business has been tougher, but not to the same degree as we've seen e-commerce. And maybe I'll invite Celeste to offer some commentary there. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes, we didn't break it out. But I think it's safe to say the e-commerce channel is still up, just not to the degree that we expect it would be. And we're seeing more pressure on the comp in stores in terms of an absolute number. 
Stuart Haselden: Okay, Paul. I'll try to cover as much of that as I can. I think to offer some of color on how Q1 has been shaping up, as I've mentioned, we saw a deceleration in e-commerce related to conversion that began in the last couple of weeks of January that's persisted into the early part of Q1, February and March. We saw it on the store side. Traffic headwinds become tougher early in February. So I wouldn't draw a distinction between February and the early weeks of March. I think what we're -- as we think about the guidance that we gave, the distinction we are drawing is we're expecting some measured improvements into April related to some of the things we've talked about. The Nulux program that's landed in stores this week, it's having a very strong guest response as well as the -- some of the chase activities that we mentioned that will begin to land next week. So February and March have not had the benefit of those particular activities or efforts. And then beyond April, into the balance of the year, there's just a number of things that we're focused on with major investments behind them that will help drive the different parts of the business that we've already talked about. From a product category standpoint, we've seen strength in bottoms across men's and women's. We've seen jackets and outerwear that had been a challenging category for us in the fourth quarter, and we've seen that continue into Q1. I don't know if Laurent or Celeste would add anything from a product standpoint. 
Laurent Potdevin: Well, Matt, I think that -- thanks, Stuart. Matt, I think what the performance that we've seen in Q4 was driven by the neutral and the jewel tones that were perfect for the gift-giving season and especially Q3, Q4. I mean, in Q1, we should have been bolder with the color assortment. And from a visual merchandising, we didn't bring that powerfully to life. Now with that said, we added a lot of talent on the merchant side later in 2016, with a real focus on visual merchandising. So we actually saw this trend happening very early on in the quarter, and with the much stronger supply chain, we've been able to react very quickly. So you're going to see more color showing up this next week actually. And we've actually added a lot of creative resources, both in Vancouver and in L.A., our ability to bring visual merchandising to life in a much more powerful way. So if you look at some of our products, which I'm sure some of you guys may have seen, whether it's the Loud & Clear Jacket or whether it's the Cool Racerback in hydrangea blue. When we've actually brought that to life in a way that we're proud of, showing fluidity and movement, the performance in sales has drastically increased. So disappointed with the beginning of Q1, and with that said, we own it. And by owning it, we also mean that we know how to fix it. And we've have seen very quick results in how we've been fixing it. So we know what to do. We're doing it. It's actually paying off. It's being validated in both traffic and conversion. And as Stuart said, I mean, I am more excited about 2017 than I've been since being around in 2014. I mean, we've got an unprecedented amount of product innovation and global brand activation that's ahead of us for '17 that will definitely drive traffic and conversion. So we're going to continue -- 2017 will be our best year ever, with earnings continuing to grow in line with sales. 
Laurent Potdevin: Adrienne, this is Laurent. From a brand campaign standpoint, you've heard us, I mean, I think we're best in the world at grassroot initiatives, building communities and being [ pulled ] in those communities. And that's why we've been so successful with our physical footprint. Where we haven't always been as strong is really amplifying our voice, who we are as a brand, what lululemon stands for in the world. And as we grow the global brand, I mean, it's becoming increasingly important. So we've actually partnered with an amazing creative agency that's one of the world's leaders in editing and building content for millennials, and I'm not going to share today who it is, but we're very excited about the partnership to actually add the level of amplification that we need to really sort of share our voice. So it is a global launch. It will be focused on a number of key cities. It will be more focused on a couple of key cities around the world, and it will come to life mid-May. But it will be a very important moment in not only increasing our guest retention, but when you think about 2017 really being a year of bringing more eyeballs on the brand, guest acquisitions, I'm getting really excited about our ability in a really relevant, nimble way to put millions of eyeballs on the brand and therefore increase our collective. So it is a really exciting project, and I can't wait for -- I can't wait to share it with all of you. 
Laurent Potdevin: It is. There is some element of incremental, and I wouldn't want you to think about it in terms of traditional. I mean, think about distributing that content in a really powerful way, but in a way that millennials are best at absorbing that content. 
Laurent Potdevin: Adrienne, maybe one more point on the brand campaign and the incremental investment. I mean, given the nature of how we're going to be distributing that content, we're going to have the ability to be very flexible in how we invest. So we'll see the reach of what we're doing by region, by segment, by channel, and so it's not -- we'll be very nimble in how we invest based on the region that we're seeing. 
Laurent Potdevin: And Brian, to be clear, I mean, I'm not disappointed with product by any means. I think that our stores look better than they ever have, and I think that our vision for product is right on point where it should be. I mean, what we should have done in Q1 is be bolder with our color assortments, which would have been driving traffic and conversion and which would have lifted actually the entire range of product, including the more neutral tones. So I just wanted to clarify that. I'm really, really proud about where we are, where we're headed, especially when you think about innovation in categories. And that's actually being translated really strongly in our anchor categories for both men's and women's, with bottoms and bras, and with our technical products on the men's side. 
Laurent Potdevin: Yes, Paul, it's difficult to quantify newness. What I can say is that in '17, you'll see more newness both from a design standpoint and from a function standpoint. So when you think about launching a new fabric like Nulux, I mean, like the response has been tremendous. I mean, I think our tights' already #1 selling tights since the launch. So I mean, it really speaks for how well our new fabrics resonant with our guests. But also from a design standpoint, we've caught on in print. I mean, we've got a lot coming up. And when you think about the bra category that's already been performing strongly, we're going to have this really bold launch after a field of R&D and product testing with our athletes. So 2017 is -- the pipeline, and we've been talking about for the past years about sort of filling up the pipeline of innovation, and 2017 is really the year where both from a design and from a functional standpoint, we're going to see this pipeline really delivering the values to our guests that we have been waiting for. 
