Calvin McDonald: Adrienne, thanks for the question. We're seeing very good growth across both store channel and our dot-com channel. We don't share the ratio between those 2 but both contributed to growth in the quarter. And as you indicated, the market continued to grow very strongly for us even with their ongoing challenges with COVID where we saw store closures, reduced operating hours comparable to what we saw in quarter 2. They're improving, but just recently, and the team is doing a wonderful job managing through that. But the momentum in the brand across the categories in both genders and both channels remains very strong. And we're very excited about the potential of the brand to be able to continue to drive it through this year as we have and how the guest is responding to it. So we remain very, very excited about the potential and the role that will play in quadrupling our international business with Mainland China playing a big part of that performance. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks for the question. I'll break it into 2 parts that are driving the momentum both in Q3 as well as to the start of Q4, where our guest metrics have been consistent, as I've shared and remain very healthy across traffic, new guest acquisition, dollar spend, and the balance across our regions, our channels, our categories and activities.  But I think one of the primary drivers of our brand and momentum relative to others really sits with the brand positioning and the uniqueness of our brand with product focused on technical solutions, fabrics through our innovative approach of science of feel and the versatility of how the guest uses our product from not just sweating but through on the move.  Our D2C model and community and that connection that we have with the guest in quarter 3, we were able to turn some of those physical connections back on and connected to the launch of membership. So they're really distinct aspects of the brand that separate us from many others in this space and within the athletic, within retail, hence, I think the share gains and the overall success.  I also think some of the decisions we made as a management team early on. Decisions around pricing, decisions around [indiscernible] to have the products and our decision around inventory has allowed us to continue to deliver on the demand side that we're seeing as we continue to see new guest acquisition strong and the pricing decisions to really manage pricing, to not move pricing aggressively, has allowed us to continue to sell our regular price, not be forced into unnecessary markdowns or course correcting with promotional play like we're seeing happen in the marketplace. So great products, regular price is still selling, driven off of the uniqueness of the overall brand and position in the market. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Brooke. So in terms of the product pipeline, this year was definitely an exciting year across both our own categories and activities, our play activities, launch of footwear, Q3, like the first half of this year saw a number of new innovations, both in new fabrics, fabrications into our proven franchises like the Align. And Q4, equally, we have some exciting innovation that has hit and will continue to, and the guest is responding very well. That's a proven formula for us. And when I look forward to 2023, we continue to and will continue to drop innovation across the core activities that we've identified of run, train, yoga of the play tennis, golf and hike, and it's both new franchise [indiscernible] items as well as extensions of some of our proven very successful franchises. A great example of that is the Align franchise, one of our strongest with the Lulu fabrication and there's Lulu Ribbed that dropped at the end of Q3, available now in Q4 and the guests are responding incredibly well to that.  So we have a number of innovative opportunities across creating completely new items and category extensions through franchise as well as building on the ones. And '23 is another very strong year of innovative launches, which I'm excited about continuing to bring to market. And as you mentioned, we are after the first 3 quarters of this year, trending above the guidance of the "Power of Three x2" growth plan, which we're excited to see how the brand is responding and the guests are reacting to the newness in our new guest acquisition. We haven't changed our outlook and the commitment on the "Power of Three x2", but obviously, very pleased with our performance to date and as we look forward into next year. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Matt. So on the last piece in terms of the start of the quarter and what we're seeing, traffic was very strong for us across both our online channel as well as stores in Q3, and we're pleased with the continuation of strong traffic numbers into this quarter. And there's still a lot of the quarter ahead. So as we shared, we had a very strong Thanksgiving shopping weekend and saw good results of our regular priced merchandise and there are some critical weeks ahead. So the teams just remain focused in managing accordingly as we get ready for the holiday season. So that's our approach and how we're monitoring and managing through.  And the first part of the question, right, market share. Got it. When I look forward in terms of our continual opportunity to grow market share, it's a combination of both in men's and women's categories and our key activities that we've identified across run, train, yoga, tennis, golf and hike. We shared at our Analyst Day our opportunity in unaided brand awareness with Him. We have seen an improvement in that, but it's well below what the potential is and other brands in our category space. So we know as we continue to drive awareness behind the brand in consideration, it's having an impact on our men's business, pleased with the growth in the quarter of 28% but really just getting started in terms of the potential of more being aware of and considering Lululemon in addition to, as we continue to build out some of the assortment and unmet needs that we have around those core activities that we focused on.  And for Her, although we have a better unaided brand awareness, we are still below, again, others in our category space. So we still have opportunity. And women's OTM for us is an exciting opportunity to expand that relationship share of wallet and continue to drive market share. So market share gains, one through unaided awareness and improving that to continue to drive our new guest acquisition, innovating within our core activities as we've identified, as I mentioned before, we're still early innings on the unmet needs and the potential that we see to continue to bring to market and then the option and the opportunity we have around women's OTM is a really exciting one for us, for her as well. So a lot of opportunities that we have to continue to drive market share. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks for the question. So with the Like New, it's currently live in 50 states in an approximately 390 stores and we're not sharing specific performance details, but where we are pleased with the results we're seeing is really a twofold: one, guest acquisition on the resale side, new to the brand and the opportunity to enter at a different price point. And then with our current guests, their spending based on trade-in, where they come in and get a variety of different trade-in values and gift cards, we are monitoring and seeing a positive response to that.  So it's a new pilot rollout initiative for us, and we're pleased with the early results, and we'll continue to monitor. But early, it's been positive. And from -- sorry. On the Studio side, I'll break it down into 2. From the essential membership tier, which is our free membership program, if you remember on Analyst Day, we indicated that we aim to have 80% of our guests to sign up for the program. And based on our glide path to that as guests come into our channels, be it online or in store, we're running ahead of that. So we're very happy with the sign-ups at this point. And it's going to allow us to engage with that guest base through a variety of new benefits that we offer in a very exciting, positive way. And with the introduction, the re-branding of Mirror into Studio as well, very pleased with the response, continuing to test and learn but we're excited how the platform fits within community, fits within our essential membership program and allows us to continue to innovate behind community and the connection with our guests. So it's early, only a few months, but encouraged with the results we're seeing. 
Calvin McDonald: Omar, on pricing, as we've stated, we only increased around 10% of our assortment mix this year as we priced in and we continue to evaluate and look for opportunity. And we separate cost of goods and any pressure we're seeing there with short-term cost of supply chain logistics. And what we don't want to do is react too aggressively and create any impact on the demand of our product.  And we're going to continue to take that approach, comfortable on the inflationary pressures we're seeing on cost of goods and how we're priced in. And as I said, we'll adjust on the other. And I think as we've seen through the 3 quarters of this year, the decision so far has been the right decision, where others that priced up are now heavily discounting and giving away any of that perceived gain and more so and having to mark goods down where we're able to continue to sell our product at regular price, not react and our markdown performance has been in our guidance in line with what we indicated we would be from a 2019 perspective.  So I -- we continue to monitor it, but our pricing decisions, I think, have helped to fuel our momentum this year, and we'll continue to take a similar approach as we look out to next year. And on China, we remain very excited. Our new store openings, we opened 9 stores in the quarter in Mainland China. We have 88 now in market. Their performance continues to exceed -- beat expectations. In markets where we don't have constraints related to COVID, the store performance and online performance is very strong. So we remain very excited about the market, committed to the market and know that it will play a strong role in our growth of quadrupling international through our "Power of Three x2" growth strategy. 
Calvin McDonald: It's a fair characteristic, but I'd also indicate when we mentioned the 10% of assortment that we've moved pricing on, throughout this year, we've looked at our new innovation and priced it accordingly relative to where we see opportunity in the marketplace. So we absolutely know that this is a premium brand. We have pricing power. We're able to launch and introduce exciting new innovation that is priced to support the technology and the innovation that is into the product. And we are being cautious in managing our regular pricing accordingly with the promotional nature of the market so that we're able to continue to sort of drive the demand at regular price that we're seeing, and we'll manage accordingly. But absolutely, it's not a reflection of what we believe the pricing power of the brand is. In fact, I think the way the brand is performing in a heavily promoted environment actually supports the power of the pricing position that we have at Lululemon. Operator, we'll take one more question. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Jay. We're pleased with the results to date. As you indicated, we have 4 SKUs within our footwear and each have performed well. It's a combination. We're seeing certain guests purchase multiple styles, and we're seeing new guests enter either into Blissfeel or Chargefeel or into Strongfeel or Restfeel. Restfeel being our first dual-gender offering for both Him and Her and the other 3 being specific for our female guest built off of a last design on Her foot.  As we look forward, I'm excited about continuing to test and learn as we indicated, it doesn't play a big role in our "Power of Three x2" growth plan that we shared on Analyst Day, and it's an exciting category for us. And we have the ability and we'll take the ability to pace, to learn but we started with a very innovative, unique positioning, and we'll build from that. And colors -- from the color [indiscernible] responding very well to the colors. I think that's one of the unique positionings of it is our core colors of black and white are strong, but a lot of the unique color waves, She's responded very well to. So it's early for us, excited about the results, and we'll continue to test and learn and share more. 
Meghan Frank: Yes, absolutely. So end of Q4 inventory was in line with our expectations. We were under inventory last year. So as Calvin mentioned, we strategically positioned inventory to be able to capture guest demand this year. We've really been focused on that 3-year unit CAGR, which is 38% at the end of the quarter with 3 points driven by in transit. We are continuing to experience supply chain environment improving and vendor readiness improving. So the team is adjusting to that new reality. That is reflected in the 60% color that we gave for year-end.  So as we said, a little bit higher than the 55% to 60%, we gave at the end of last quarter for end of year inventory driven by that improving supply chain environment and vendor readiness. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. So as we look at Q4, we do expect that overall operating margin will have similar pressure as we did in Q3 in terms of FX. So we had a net pressure of 40 basis points in Q3. We're expecting something similar for Q4. When we look overall at our operating margin for Q4, we see it expanding year-over-year in the 40 to 70 basis point range with our guidance versus last year in gross margin, we gave color of 10 to 20 basis points. We're seeing a benefit on product margin driven by lower air freight, which will be partially offset by normalized markdowns in line with our 2019 levels and then also mix of business. We also had that negative impact from FX. And then we'll also have some pressure in gross margin related to fixed costs, particularly the timing of our DC investments, which are really positioned to enable our scale of the business over the next 5 years.  And then on the SG&A side, we're expecting 30 to 50 basis points of leverage, which would be driven by higher sales as well as a little bit of a benefit on the FX side within SG&A. 
Meghan Frank: Lorraine, so we are expecting airfreight to be slightly better for the full year. So we had said 10 basis points last time, and it's come up to 50. That is being offset by a negative impact from FX both for Q3 and Q4. And then in terms of markdowns, we've been expecting markdowns to be in line with 2019 levels. We did see that in Q3, and that remains our expectation in Q4. And we view that as a more normalized level for us as we compare to 2019. And still, as Calvin mentioned, very healthy full price sell-throughs and no changes in plans for markdown. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Rick. So we are profitable across both our international and North America regions. We were pleased that Europe hit profitability last year. We continue to see opportunity across both North America and international over the longer term. We're obviously in earlier stages in our international business. So we'd expect to see more expansion there as we scale, but the opportunities with scale across both regions. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. I would say in terms of categories, we are seeing pretty balanced growth across our men's, women's and accessories business, all in the double-digit range. We did have pockets of inventory where we were under last year, notably, I call it outerwear where we've seen more positive performance and believe we're in a strong inventory position as we enter Q4.  In terms of the Everywhere Belt Bag, it's been a great style for us. Accessories growth, obviously, very strong. It's our #1 sale and we continue to innovate across all of our assortments as we move into Q4 and then into 2023 as well. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. Thanks, John. I would say we're pleased with the inventory level as we move into Q4, we're obviously seeing some improvement in the supply chain environment. In terms of airfreight, we have seen that moderate throughout the year. We do have a large portion of our inventory that is core, about 45%, so that benefits us. We're not putting a fine point on margin for next year but remain committed to modest operating margin expansion over the longer term. And we'll come back and share more details on our outlook on our March call. 
Meghan Frank: Yes. So I -- there's 2 pieces of the supply chain cost. So one is usage and then one is CPU. We are seeing lead times improve. We had called out 70 days on average last quarter. We're seeing them improve modestly, I'd say they're still not back to historical levels there. But we are seeing some positive movement on the CPU front. So we continue to view that as an opportunity as we move into next year. 
Meghan Frank: Great. Thanks. I would say in terms of FX, our outlook is that Q4 is more similar than not to Q3.  I think hard to put a fine point on next year, but I would view it as an opportunity over the longer-term time horizon.  In terms of gross margin next year, again, do view airfreight as a benefit but we're also committed really to that bottom line operating income expansion on a modest basis. We'll continue to balance opportunities and investments in the business, really focused on driving into our long-term goals, both of revenue growth and being able to scale with the business and support that long-term opportunity that we see.  And then I would say fixed costs, particularly on the DC side, we have some upfront investments in our DC capabilities and footprint in order to support that long-term volume. So we'll see some pressure in the near term and then see that start to leverage over time as we move through our 5-year plan. It is a multiyear road map. So we'll continue to offer some color there as we move through that. 
Meghan Frank: Yes, we didn't break down the channels for Q4. What we did offer was 23% to 24% sales growth overall. And we did give some color for the year on e-commerce at approximately 30% growth, which would embed both our Q3 results and our expectations for Q4. 
