Meghan Frank: Matt. So in terms of how we view North America growth over time, we're still committed to our Power of Three x2 plan, which had North America low double-digit growth. What I would share where -- it's too soon to put a fine point on 2025. But what I would share is that we'll obviously be up against an easier comparison this year. And we still are excited about the long-term growth opportunity we have in that market, particularly in terms of U.S. in terms of brand awareness. So we have continue to protect investments that are aimed at building into that long-term opportunity.
Meghan Frank: So in terms of inventory, we came in with inventory down 14%. It was in line with expectations. And just a reminder, we're lapping some increases the last couple of years in terms of inventory, with turns still slightly slower than history. As we move into the second half of the year, we do expect inventory to be in the mid-teens at the end of Q3 and a similar growth rate, slightly higher as we end the year. I would say in terms of comfort with inventory, pleased with where we came in, in line with expectations. The opportunity would be in composition and that mixture that Calvin described in terms of newness, which the team is adjusting now. And then in terms of markdowns, we did come in favorable relative to our expectations in Q2. So we did expect to see markdowns similar -- slightly below what we saw in Q1. We were up 50 basis points year-over-year in Q1. We expected slightly lower in Q2. We did come in flat year-over-year. And that was really driven by strong sell-throughs on seasonal, which is where we really take markdowns just to clear seasonal goods. When we look at the second half of the year, Q3 markdowns, I'd expect relatively in line with last year and then Q4 slightly under last year, and we're still expecting flat markdowns for the full year.
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Alex. I would say the -- our view on the relationship between Q3 and Q4 have not changed. I would say we are guiding the second half in line essentially with the trend we're seeing in Q2. Q4 is adjusted for the shorter holiday selling period and days between Thanksgiving and Christmas, which we estimate at about a three point impact as well as the macroeconomic environment and the election in Q4. So the relationship with the two quarters has not changed, but we have lowered our outlook on the aggregate water line for the second half.
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Paul. So in terms of Q2, our May trend relatively in line with what we experienced in Q1 and then a softer business performance in June and July, with July being slightly above June. We haven't given any color by region within that. But I would say in terms of quarter-to-date, we don't break down quarter-to-date performance by month. But -- and given what we experienced in Q2, the macroeconomic uncertainty in the second half of the year, we feel our guide at 6% to 7% as appropriate at this time. And then in terms of inventory, again, comfortable with the overall level, and Breathe Through, really negligible impact, a small test and learn and not a material financial impact.
Meghan Frank: So in terms of P&L management, we're obviously closely monitoring business. We do run multiple scenarios. Our intention is to stay agile based on the way business is unfolding. As we're looking at this year and our revenue outlook, we are continuing to invest behind international performance, key to our long-term strategy in an area of our business that's currently performing well. And then as I mentioned, we also do see long-term opportunity. Our outlook has not changed on long-term opportunity in terms of brand awareness globally, but also within North America. So we've continued to protect investments in that long-term brand building. At the same time, we're looking for efficiency opportunities across the P&L and discretionary spend buckets, as well as slowing down where that makes sense in terms of our capabilities, road mapping go forward, all in line with our Power of Three times Two plan. So feel like we're well positioned as we navigate this year with the right balance of navigating the short term while protecting investments in our long-term.
Meghan Frank: So in terms of guidance, we did guide the second half in line with Q2 when adjusting for that shorter holiday selling period. So I would say we don't have any meaningful impact from newness in the second half of the year.
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Dana. So in terms of inventory in Q3, we're expecting a mid-teens increase in Q4 at or slightly above that level and feel well positioned as we move into the second half of the year. As Calvin mentioned, we will be ramping newness as we move throughout that second half period and be back at historical levels by spring 2025. In terms of Breathe Through, is a very small test and learn. So an immaterial negligible impact on both Q2 and then our guidance for the balance of the year. So nothing notable there.
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Mark. So we did still see very strong growth in China in Q2, so up 37% on a constant currency basis. The variance between Q1 and Q2 growth rates, the biggest factor would have been the shift in Chinese New Year. So we had that in Q1 2024. In 2022, it was in Q4, so it's not comparable. So really healthy growth there across both channels. And we haven't broken out our forward-looking guide by region, but I would say still outsized growth in international and China being the key driver there.
Meghan Frank: Yes, so I think we continue to see strength in both gross margin and SG&A. This year with our revenue growth guide at 8% to 9% and then 6% to 7%, excluding the 53rd week, we're still delivering gross margin relatively in line with 2023 and as well as approximately flat SG&A. Our operating margin still very strong, 100 basis points above our 2020 results after two years. So we're really focused on driving into that bottom line and optimizing the bottom line. We're still committed to our Power of Three times Two plan for modest operating margin expansion over the five-year period. I think too soon to put a fine point on the outer years, but certainly have runway in front of us in terms of, most importantly, revenue, but also looking at growth and efficiencies across our P&L, and we'll continue to keep you updated.
Calvin McDonald: Yes, Matt, in terms of the second part, the new product or organization definitely sets a new balance between, as I mentioned, design and merchandising, which is going to lead to more creative conversations and outcomes. And I've been in these meetings with the teams and already, we're seeing the benefit of the new working relationships. And definitely clarity around the ratio of newness tied to our product plans are a key part of that conversation and excited about the road map ahead to deliver on those. And the opportunities we see in product and delivering on our guest needs.
Calvin McDonald: I definitely see this as an opportunity based on decisions that we made that are within our control and being addressed. As I alluded to, it's across the globe that really is focused to our U.S. women's business and the gap in newness that we brought across color, print and silhouettes. The newness we had sold very well. Guest was coming in traffic was positive across all channels and the opportunity was in conversion. So I see that as an opportunity that they were there with intent to spend, and there was a noticeable reduction in those historical levels of newness. So those were the product decisions that we made earlier and the new teams in action. And as I alluded to the chase, but definitely, I think majority is within our control.
Calvin McDonald: And Michael, in terms of your question, as you know, the previous structure, both design and merchandising rolled up to a single leader. And that product organization had served us well as a high-growth company. We have a 24% CAGR over the last five years, from '18 to '23 to $10 billion in revenue. But as we look forward, we saw it as an opportunity to reset and take a different approach. And what the new org does by having a stronger balance between design and merch, which will lead to more creative conversations and outcomes and in those conversations and the meetings I will have. So where am I seeing the difference in balance? You will see it executed in creation of some product, challenging of the ratio between newness and core in the assortment and just the relationship between those two teams in terms of what's being created and how we're mixing it into the assortment and then bringing to market. So also with this change, we're seeing a much tighter relationship in the brand/marketing organization with merchandising, which is really the whole sell side of the business being under one leader where before it was a hand off. Those conversations are happening much sooner and aligned in terms of where we see the opportunity, aligning it to what we're buying deep into and then creating plans for that demand creation earlier in the process. So I think there's really 3 benefits that are coming out of it on the brand to merchandising sell side as well as design and seeing it in terms of just the creation of product and that ratio mix across the assortment that the guest has been looking for and excited to bring.
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Janine. In terms of Breathe Through and the fabric, you're right. We're really excited about the guest response, not just in North America, but actually internationally, in particular, in our APAC market, where this fabric was really designed, as I shared, for hot yoga, but we see it as versatility in high humid environment for a variety of activities. So it is a very unique, exciting new fabric for us and the teams in work to bring it back in either a style that the guest already knows with the new fabric versus the sharper design lines that it was introduced in. So we got the read we wanted in that the fabric, which is the real innovation behind it, landed and resonated very well. And they're working on being able to bring that back to market. You won't see it in '24 and not calling it for '25, but know that that's a prior to the team, but they're equally looking on all the other innovation and creating as well. So you alluded to a lot is happening within our training category. We have the Wunder Under, which is a known silhouette style that we're bringing with some new fabrics that we're excited about. We do have a new performance trained legging coming at the end of the year, which equally is innovative, and we'll get a read on it. But as I shared, we introduced these. We adjust. It is a new innovation in fabric. We're very excited about it, and we'll get the guests' read, but we'll introduce that. And then we have some seasonal updates, which is a big part of the newness, which has been missing in the first half, is newness on our core styles that the guests resonate so much with. And we're seeing a lot of seasonal updates to our number one franchise being in line. So there's a lot of newness coming in as well as innovation on top of some known silhouettes and franchises that we're excited about.
Calvin McDonald: In terms of the action plan that we put in place and the teams have been working on that as I alluded to, I think coming out of Q1, we saw some opportunity. The learning in Q2 was the missed opportunity in silhouettes, which was new news for us as we continue to analyze the business. And the teams through that action plan of chase has been pulling forward and going into deeper on inventory that had been purchased that we're seeing the guests respond well to as well as fast tracking some designs. The chasing into will sequentially get stronger, and we will see that improve through Q3 into Q4. As I alluded to, I think spring '25, we know we'll be at our historical levels of newness as a mix of assortment and it will sequentially get better through the back half of this year, and I'll let Meghan speak in terms of the tie to guidance.
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Brooke. In terms of the guest profile, nothing meaningful in that we continue to grow our new guest base and continue to do it across the age demographics that we have been growing. What we did see in the conversion missed opportunity, a lot was with our existing guests across those age demographics where the guest who knows our brand, who's come in and was looking for that newness to add to their already owned collection of lululemon and the gap in newness on color of those core items, on pattern and trim, newness to those core items or to some of the new silhouettes that we just add and introduced around to style around those core, those gaps is where we saw that missed opportunity. So she's still spending, visiting we just missed the opportunity in that full conversion from what we've seen and directly linked to decisions we made and missed in that newness and opportunity, but still growing on the gas base, still growing across the age demographic and as I alluded to an opportunity. Going forward, from a marketing perspective, because we still see very good engagement, low unaided awareness. We're definitely marketing and continue to go after that. And as the product mix gets stronger in our women's as a percentage of newness, we know that conversion is what we'll be looking at and engaging that guest in terms of their spend. But I alluded to the current men's campaign or lounge campaign, really, it's for both him and her. We're very pleased with the early results. It starts to really increase in terms of exposure in through September. But early indication, particular in men's where we have those new franchises of soft jersey, smooth cover, steady state. He's responding very well to it. So we're going to continue to drive top-of-funnel drive an unaided brand awareness. And we know that the strength of bringing in the newness will be the biggest lever for us, and we'll continue to increase that throughout the back half of this year and into next.
Calvin McDonald: And I'll just add, we remain excited about the potential for lululemon in Mainland China. While we're keeping an eye on the macro environment in the region, our business remains strong. And we believe several factors will continue to benefit us. One, it is still a small size relative to the market with a store base of 132 on the Mainland at the end of the quarter. We take a very localized approach to the brand, building relationships through local fitness instructors, influencers, some very unique events that are building awareness in the community on the back of our unique positioning, grounded in wellness and the positioning of the product. So we're monitoring it, have not seen any material impact to the business. And I do believe it's because we're very early in our growth there and see a lot of continuous success across the Tier 1, Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities where we've been opening, testing and seeing very good response.
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Rick. In terms of the shift from Q1 to Q2 and learning, color, print and pattern continues to be an opportunity for us. And we think of those through a couple of ways in which we execute it. One is core styles and adding it through updates through color, print, silhouettes, fabric extensions. That has been a great driver for us to keep our guests engaged and keep adding to the lululemon products for them as well as seasonal new silhouettes and styles. And I would say the shift from Q1 to Q2 is -- the gap in that as a percentage historically was greater in Q2 than in Q1 and was really the notable difference between the two quarters. Sorry, Rick. And on accessories, I think we've chatted about this before, Everywhere Belt Bag was a very strong driver for us in the last few years. And we've cycled over some of the peaks of that volume, but it continues to be a big driver. And as you mentioned, overall accessories in the quarter grew 7%, and the team continues to introduce new styles, both within the Everywhere Belt Bag franchise but new styles from our backpack collection to some travel bags to totes to the cactus leather introduction this week that the guests responded very well too. So we continue to be very excited about our accessories business. It's small percentage of our overall mix at 10, but definitely a significant opportunity. We're about 1% of market share, and we see opportunity to continue to grow that meaningfully moving forward. And the team is doing it through creating very innovative products and the guests continue to respond very well to it in North America as well as globally. So excited about the product creation and what's coming.
Calvin McDonald: Yes, we continue to acquire across all of our -- if you want to slice it through age demographic, I think I've mentioned in the past across different age demographics, we continue to acquire new guests across all of them. Alluded to the shift in our sizing profile earlier. I think the team is doing a good job in adjusting to that. We saw improvements through Q2 and really are entering Q3 with a better mix of sizing across our profile. We're going to continue to adjust. But I wouldn't say there's any macro shift that we're behind on now, and we continue to recruit and acquire guests across that, which means really across the age and the size profile.
