Christine Day: I like -- we're doing a soft launch really of kind of our back in black, as all the stores get fully up to speed. And most importantly, the e-Commerce just really started to release its black stock this week. So you'll see us escalate the messages out and with an email and with some cute online things that will start happening towards the middle of the month. 
Christine Day: Great. This was a personal decision of mine. And look, it's never a perfect time to leave a company that you love. I've had a great run at lululemon over the past 5.5 years, and I'm really proud of what the team and I have accomplished. And now, as the company embarks really on that next 10-year vision, the timing is right to bring in a new person to lead. And I have complete confidence in the succession planning process. We have also a great leadership team in place. And I really look forward to welcoming the new CEO. 
Christine Day: Yes. We -- the first step in that was changing the timing from a 3-season to a 4-season calendar, so we got more of the seasonal lines right. The next step is that we're now designing lines going forward, starting with spring of next year, that optimize hot markets and colder markets, as well as temperate climates. So that we can really address product at the right time and the right place. And so e-Commerce will have a fuller line. And then each store would have seasonally appropriate. And what will that will mean, for instance, is some of the things that we've learned this year, which showed up in the numbers, is if the line drops long pants in February, it's perfect for the colder climates but it's not perfect for Florida and LA. So by next February, what you'll see us doing is there'll be an actually timed release of product that's appropriate for the market. So we'll start lighter colors sooner in the south and hot climates. We'll start the transition to crops sooner in those markets, so we've built the capacity to design the lines for those specific drops and the systems that will allow us to flow and do store-level planning. And then we'll move into more of a localized, even a more localized buy strategy, as we move forward and a much more fuller integration of e-Commerce and stores. Some of the -- one guest experience system that we're putting together will allow a guest to order from the store and ship it to the store or their home. So we are moving to a one-inventory condition. But that will -- that's still a little further out. 
Christine Day: Okay. Well, we're very excited about very -- saw very strong opening with our Singapore showroom that we recently did and very excited about the licenses that we just received in China, which allows us to move forward with our showroom strategy there. We've seen very strong demand particularly in the Shanghai market for the product, and this allows us to go there. We're not as far along in securing a store site in Hong Kong as I'd like to be. It's proving a little more difficult to get the size and location of store than we had hoped. On the flip side, you're seeing us open more showrooms in London, and we're actively looking for our first sites in that marketplace. We've opened showrooms in Germany as well. So we feel very strongly about how those markets are performing. Our e-Commerce business is growing very nicely in those markets as well. So we're seeing the crossover effect from showrooms and strategic sales building into online sales, which is a key indicator of our ability to grow demand. So I would say that we're on track. And you'll see stores in the London market next year and that we're proceeding with building out as quickly as we can. Hong Kong, that's real estate dependent. But we will definitely be seeding more aggressively in Asia for showrooms. 
Christine Day: Yes. And I would just add some color to that. What we really saw was the color blocking. We did it in -- cross too many styles and didn't offer enough basic neutrals that went with that. So we were a little off formula with the buy, particularly in the earlier part of spring. 
Christine Day: The Wunder Under crops, we just received some of the very first deliveries into the warehouse and started some QA. We're doing a lot more quality checks in the process. So we're just completing the quality assurance in that, so we do expect to have them start shipping out to the stores in the next week or so. And really, a CEO succession is led by the board. So that is the right place for it to be, and our board is very qualified to manage that process. 
Christine Day: Well, first of all, I'm here for a while and I will be showing up work on Monday, business as usual. So I'm not distracting myself with anything else at the moment. My focus is really on ensuring a smooth transition and delivering a strong back half of the year for right now. 
Christine Day: No. So let's start with the second one and then let John go. We are still proceeding and have a very strong list of candidates for what we're -- remember, we split the role into 2, so an SVP kind of Product Operations. We're also adding the SVP of Logistics. And then, we're calling it the Executive Vice President of Design and Merchandising. It's the position that you're referring to, and all 3 searches are proceeding. 
Christine Day: And we really expect to see, especially as we get back into back -- black pants, because there's definitely a ratio between plants and tops. And the more pants we have, the more tops we sell. And so some of this was in that tops inventory, and we do expect that to balance out. 
Christine Day: I think there is a full back-in-black strategy that we'll be executing. And as I said earlier in the call, there's a soft launch until we are fully back in stock. And then, there is a complete guest education, including new style and fit guides that are online. And there's also a guest feedback forum. There's videos online. There's an online monitor site called Ask For It [ph]. So if you do go to our website, you will actually see already today far more support in education for the customer, and we'll begin more unique lululemon outreach in the middle of July. 
Christine Day: Traffic. Well, it varied by channel, which was e-Commerce, we saw a lot of traffic, people looking and double-back and checking. 
Christine Day: Yes. So -- and -- so we saw a lot of unproductive traffic. And then we definitely saw in the stores traffic held relatively whole with a couple of exceptions, and it was really on conversion. And then because we had more markdowns, there was a decrease in AUR as well. 
Christine Day: Yes. And we definitely see more impact to -- you're also asking about U.S., Canada. We saw more impact to Canada, because they are definitely more of a luon customer. And in the States, because they already had a broader base and tend to like the luxtreme fabric in the running pants, we saw more transition to those bottoms until we ran out of stock than we did in Canada. 
Christine Day: We will, and I actually was going to go there. We definitely had too many short jackets and not enough long. We just recently dropped long jackets, and we saw them moving very quickly. So you will see a broader assortment, including long jackets all the time going forward. 
Christine Day: We haven't actually focused on the reversible. But I will bring that back to the team. And yes to the iconic pieces, plus we've had some new designers in. And there's a really great lineup of jackets coming, particularly for the fall that I think you'll be very happy with. And lots of black, Jennifer. 
Christine Day: No to the second one. I won't stay on, on the board. So what we learned, with a lot of very interesting things, was what they love about luon, what they love about our pants. And I think even for us, frankly, internally, communicating that it was more than just about coverage and it really is about how everything works together from compression, fit, style, that there really is no comparison. And the guests really learned how hard this fabric is to make. And when they tried other pants, we got a lot of feedback that they were not comparable. So I think, even though we maybe saw some substitution occurring, I think the bounce-back in loyalty and comments was really clear. And so we know that our sweet spot is all of those things together and how they make the woman look and feel when she's wearing the pants. And that's what we're committed to delivering with high quality. And I think that we have to keep earning that guest's trust by being very, very stringent about quality. But they also know we stand for it, and we got a lot of positive feedback about hitting our own stop button and not letting quality deteriorate and very positive that we did that. So we absolutely know that quality and fit, as well as feel, compression, function, are absolutely essential to what lululemon stands for. And that's what we plan on continuing to deliver to our guests. 
Christine Day: I think there's quite a few things that we learned in this whole process. And I think number one was, if there were 10 technical specs, we were probably controlling 4. And so we had to become our own expert in depth in all of the technical specs, not just relying on our factory partners for some of them. We also, as we grew, had not managed grading, for instance, at every single factory from one master pattern. And with our tolerances, we -- as we really dug deep and did a lot of investigation, found that a size 2 sewn to the edge of a -- large end of the tolerance in one factory was too close to a 4 sewn to the small tolerance in another factory. So we brought in a master pattern grader, and we sent -- every single factory has all the same patterns now. And we also reduced our tolerances from 1 inch to 0.5 inch, which takes more to sew, which is part of the reason why it took us a little longer to get back in stock because the factories had to sew to a new technical level. And that's just some examples. We also added more tests and quality control tests, that John spoke to. We've added a lot more testing to the raw material stage to make sure that we're getting exactly the product. And we now do more weight test and take anything out of pants that would be at the low end and put them more into tops or looser styles. So really reinvented our whole quality control process end to end to make sure that we were delivering a great pant, plus we do a lot more on-site inspections when they arrive here, just to make extra sure. 
Christine Day: I notified the board on Friday of my decision. And the search committee was already formed over the weekend, and they're activating the succession plan that we have in place. 
Christine Day: Yes, when we dropped the new color, and we're very excited about the line that's in the store. And Men's has been beating plan for the last few weeks. So we're very excited, and it seems our guest is very excited, which is even more important. 
Christine Day: We're definitely not hearing that from our core customer base. I think, actually, it reinforced why they love our pants so much. And we're definitely hearing that there. There is definitely a relationship between bottoms and tops. And so if somebody comes in looking for the bottoms, and we didn't have the black luon -- and there's a definitely relationship between black and color. So we had an awful lot of bright colors, starting earlier this year in January and moving through Q2. So when there's not a neutral color like black to break up the color, it gets color on color, which was a trend for the season, but we were probably overdoing it with having no black. And we had less neutrals in the line. So that meant the colors -- our learning in that was the colors didn't sell through at the same rate. And we've made those adjustments and tweaks for the back half of the year. And we're already definitely seeing a pickup with black being back in the stores. And we've had to take a little bit of black out of tops in order to -- luon, in particular, to move it into bottoms. And that will start to rebalance in Q3. 
Christine Day: We're definitely fuller on actually basics. So it's very much a more athletic technical line with lots of color at the moment. So it's actually very low-risk inventory. And what you'll see us shift to in the back half of the year, particularly for the back-to-school and then holiday season, is a little bit more of those specialty jackets that we're known for, a little bit more of the cotton and a broader line with more fashion details in it. 
Christine Day: Yes, I think that's really for the board to say. But definitely, somebody who's managed in a high-growth, global and definitely a product background would be some, I think, the key attributes. And, obviously, somebody who will manage well within the lululemon culture and value set that we've established and ready to grow a premium brand. 
Christine Day: Yes. We did talk about some things that did work, too, Faye. Like the swimsuit capsule was very, very successful. The golf and tennis capsule was very, very successful. So those were the good new things. As well as we saw more conversion to color in bottoms than we really did anticipate in the original projections we gave for luon. And particularly in the U.S., more substitution for the black tuxedo, swift and other fabrics that are in our running bottoms. So that -- and which is mainly the luxtreme. So until we started to run out of that inventory, we definitely saw conversion in switch, which gave us some upside. And we definitely saw strong sell-through of color. We just had a lot of colors and fewer neutrals. So I think we could have done better had we had more neutrals in the tops. And then we put color blocking in too many things. But we saw strong momentum in the basics of the business. Both yoga and the run category, in particular, did very well. 
Christine Day: Well, thank you, everyone. And I particularly want to say thank you for all of your graciousness in supporting lululemon and me during my journey here as a CEO. It's been a pleasure to work with all of you. Thank you. 
John Currie: Let's start with the longer-term supply chain costs. As I mentioned, we're investing in the quality teams for testing, both internal headcount and additional third-party testing. And we're building a raw material teams out. And through the balance of this year, that's going to amount to about $4.5 million with a similar run rate beyond that. Other factors, as I said, inventory is a little bit high relative to our desired number of forward weeks, which is similar to where we ended the year. And I talked about that in the last call. So we did some clearance of winter product in the spring season, which -- the timing worked out okay because it gave us an opportunity to put winter markdown product back in the stores and give the guest a reason to keep coming back even with the luon missing. But even with that, as I said, some of the spring styles didn't hit our plan. Some of the buy was to deep in some new styles. And so again, that's reflected in the gross margin guidance for the balance of the year. It's going to result in our product being marked down sort of closer to 15% versus our run rate that's been 10% to 12%. So it's not an enormous difference but it's a little bit chunkier coming into Q2. 
John Currie: No, I think it's a reflection on -- in -- some imperfections both in the buy and some of the design for the spring product, which really goes back 9 months earlier when it was placed. We do feel a lot better about the product coming in for the balance of the year. 
John Currie: Okay. So Q1 -- and again, it's not sort of a GAAP definition but estimate the impact in Q1 was about $0.12 a share. In terms of the overall -- I think this is part of your question, the overall revenue shortfall that we talked about last quarter was at the high end, that's $67 million, with our ability to get some luon product back in earlier. As I said, it's trickling in slowly, but we think that the impact will be about $15 million better than that original estimate, and that will be primarily a Q2 benefit. Again, just extrapolating our own modeling of the impact overall on the year, it's about $0.21 a share. 
John Currie: And to answer your first question, I mean, I wouldn't say we'd be completely back to our ideal inventory level by the end of Q2. That's a little bit too quick. But by -- certainly by Q3, we'll clear the -- again, this isn't a huge backlog, and we have the outlets to handle it. And I think we'll be back in a balanced inventory position by Q3. 
John Currie: Okay. Maybe I'll start with the second one first. And again, it's a strange quarter to read much into comps because of the luon dip. But as we've seen in recent quarters, the U.S. continues to be early in its brand awareness. And so the comp is strong there. The comp in Canada was sort of mid-single-digit negatives, it's trending a little bit better than that, of course, if the luon had been there, and a little bit better than we saw in Q4 of last year. But -- and it was somewhat negative. And then on -- Australia's comping in the teens, again, earlier in the brand awareness and continuing to ramp up towards the higher comp base average. Investments in SG&A, I mean, I talked about the pieces that actually end up in cost of sales, which is where we're investing a lot of the new dollars in terms of testing and quality. Beyond that, it's really the same things we've talked about in the past. We have a very heavy IT roadmap. We've implemented significant systems in 2012, and we have several going live this year. The run rate of operating those 2012 systems, coupled with the spend this year, is probably the biggest, single area. And then as I've said in the past, we continue to not just roll out the showrooms internationally, but we're building the teams to run Asia and to run Europe. We spend significant amount of time onboarding those people. And so those expenditures are happening this year. And, I've said this in the past, it's probably high-single-digit millions invested and just based on the international plan this year. So I mean, those are a couple of the biggest buckets. 
John Currie: Okay. And remember, in the first quarter, we had full stock of luon for the first 6 weeks. And so you have to keep that in mind when you're comparing to Q2, where it's slowly trickling in, in the second half. Sorry, I'm trying to think the earlier part of the question. 
John Currie: Yes. And a slightly, slightly lower spend per basket, again, perhaps in part because the luon pants were not part of the basket. 
John Currie: And I'll just quickly answer your first one. Yes, I mean, we have taken efforts to pull product forward, and so that's part of what you're seeing. And it creates some of the airfreight and other stress on the second half of the year. 
John Currie: Okay, pretty granular. Men's business is getting some traction. It was still about 12.5% of the overall mix for the quarter. I can't remember the exact comp on Men's and certainly can't remember the split between countries. But in general, Men's was comping higher than the rest of the business. 
John Currie: Yes, at the end of the quarter and coming into this quarter, we're seeing real strength showing up in Men's. 
John Currie: And just on the international showrooms, as we said in the past, the 2 Hong Kong showrooms performed very strong. That's why we're already working hard to find a full store location. We're also really pleased with the early performance of the Singapore showroom. And then, in Europe, where we opened 2 new showrooms in London and actually 1 in Berlin after the end of the quarter, so it's really too new to talk about. Again, consistent with how we've been doing with the earlier showroom in London, in general, better than the U.S. showrooms, even though it's very early in the brand awareness there. 
John Currie: Well, we really keep one pool of inventory, even though -- yes, I mean, we sort of buy for e-Commerce like one big store. But I think maybe to answer your question, e-Commerce is roughly 16% of our revenue, and the impact on e-Commerce is proportionate to that ratio. 
