Stuart Haselden: Tracy, it's Stuart. Yes. So on the gross margin for the year or just the gross margin in general, I think we were happy with the results that we saw in Q1. Certainly, saw upside in things that we mentioned on the call, the FOB costs, the fabric liability and airfreight, all better than expected. And those were offset by the markdowns that we mentioned. We see that continuing into Q2. And we're pleased with the progress again, that we're making against our plans. At this point, we feel like the guidance that we've given properly reflects the order of magnitude of that recovery. Certainly, there's always potential to do better, but we feel like the guidance where we have positioned it is appropriate, given the risks and opportunities that we see in the supply chain and our margin plans. The other elements of gross margin, occupancy and depreciation. Occupancy and depreciation will remain a headwind, as we mentioned. Certainly, those costs are more fixed. And to the extent we exceed our revenue expectations, we'll deliver more leverage on those fixed cost elements of the gross margin. And certainly, the FX is a wild card at this point. For Q2, as we mentioned, we see it as a relatively nominal effect as we look year-over-year versus last year. But that can change as we saw in the first quarter as well. And then on your second question, with regard to SG&A deleverage in the second half, I think the -- it's really a function of just as we refine our outlook for the second half of the year, we are seeing some modest level of deleverage. And I would say that translates to less than 100 basis points in the second half. And it's really just a function of where we see the current estimates on the FX impact, the translation and revaluation as well as just the investments that we continue to make in our business. So we feel like that connects to a healthy operating margin recovery in the second half of the year. We expect to see earnings up in the second half, double digits. We expect to see a healthy recovery in our operating margins as well, as we're able to flow through the improvements in our gross margin, to a greater degree, in the second half of the year. So I hope that answered your question. 
Stuart Haselden: Great. Thanks, Oliver. I'll address your first question. So we're very pleased with the inventory position that we're in and the work that the teams have completed, as I mentioned. We expect to see markdowns moderate into Q2 and the balance of the year, and that's reflected in the margin guidance that we've given. And we noted on the call, in the prepared remarks, that as of the end of May, our preliminary inventory results indicate that inventories are up in the high single-digit range in the end of May. And that just reflects the further moderation in that year-over-year inventory growth. And as we mentioned, we expect inventories to be up to a lesser degree versus our revenue increases. So I think, as you look at it on a 2-year basis, the inventory position is still -- it's still full. We have plenty of inventory to drive our revenue projections. We're pleased to see the year-over-year trend come back in line, or actually will be -- sit beneath our forward sales trends. So inventories are healthy. They're clean. They position us in a manner that enables the optimization of our assortments. We're not dealing with the prior inventory overhang and it should translate into a better experience for our guests as well. 
Stuart Haselden: Sharon, it's Stuart. So yes, the e-com growth, still double digits, high teens. We're not going to feel bad about that. It is a little lower than what we've seen last year. We feel like the penetration has the potential to grow well above 20%, easily could reach 25% to 30%. I think we talked about that in our 5-year goals. I would expect, as the digital team is able to ramp up the full impact of our new website, as we're able to bring online, particularly in the second half of the year, the full capabilities of our CRM efforts, we're going to see healthy trends in that e-com sales trend and would expect penetrations to increase over time. And so we're not seeing any red flags per se in the Q1 results. 
Stuart Haselden: Sure, Matt. It's Stuart. On the SG&A question, yes. I think we're going to get past the major supply chain investments really in Q2. And as we get into the second half of the year, we'll begin to lap those investments in the prior year period. So it will be -- it will create some tailwind from an SG&A standpoint. That's embedded in the guidance that we've given. I think that then we have that in a more pronounced way as we get into '17 and beyond, as the -- we don't have these lumpy supply chain project pressure in the SG&A. So that element of it will certainly moderate even in the second half of the year and certainly into '17. We're always going to have things we're investing in. We're going to -- we're not in a place where we're squeezing SG&A to drive earnings. This is still a growth story. It's about revenue growth. It's about margin expansion. Those are the underpinnings of how we will recover a stronger earnings trajectory. We're going to invest in SG&A where it makes sense. But that said, we expect it will moderate even into the second half. 
Stuart Haselden: So Matt, I'll give you a little color. I might invite Celeste to comment as well. The traffic was softer in the first quarter versus what we saw in Q4. And it was softer late in the quarter as well, and that persisted into the first couple of weeks of May in Q2. We have seen the traffic trends improve in the last couple of weeks. So there's been a mixed trend in the -- in terms of traffic in the first part of Q2. AUR and conversion have offset that to help us deliver the comps that we reported in Q2 -- Q1, we guided to in Q2. But may -- I'll ask Celeste to add some color. 
Stuart Haselden: Anna, so that was a mouthful. So on the comp question and traffic, the -- we're not going to break out the comps by month. I think, as Celeste said, we saw -- we are very encouraged by the strength in AUR and conversion. Traffic, as I mentioned, was weaker in the second half of Q1, and that persisted into the early weeks of May before becoming stronger in the last few weeks. So that's embedded, again, in the results that we reported in Q1 and then in the guidance. By region, I think we mentioned in the prepared remarks that we saw strength in Canada, in particular. And Canada actually posted a store comp that was slightly higher than the U.S., which, again, we look at that as a strong indicator of the -- just the strength of the brand and how -- in our most mature market, we're driving some of our strongest results. And again, it speaks to our assortments and our in-store execution. So -- and then on the -- on your question regarding pricing... 
Stuart Haselden: Kimberly, it's Stuart. So the EPS impact from FX certainly exceeded our expectations. We did expect deleverage in the quarter. You might recall that we had mentioned that in our guidance back in March. And we had, at that point, even seeing the Canadian dollar strengthen significantly from around $0.70 at the end of Q4 to $0.75 at the time of the call. Safe to say that the actual result exceeded our expectations in terms of the level of pressure that we saw from FX. Canadian dollar, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, strengthened $0.05 from $0.75 to $0.80 in the last 4 weeks of Q1. We did not expect that. And so I think we had an estimate of around $0.03 in the prior outlook that we had. So where it landed was almost double our expectations. And so the -- it's something that is really part of the exposure that we have from our -- the cash balances that we accumulate in Canada in U.S. dollars. It's not really the translation of the Canadian P&L per se. And I would add that we've taken steps already to -- from an operational standpoint to reduce our exposures in those cash balances. And at this point, our exposure is less than half of what it was in Q1. So we feel like we're going to be able to mitigate this exposure to some degree as we go forward. But certainly, it's something we will continue to be focused on. 
Laurent Potdevin: And Oliver, from a tops standpoint -- I mean, we're actually really pleased. I mean, I would say that we're slightly ahead of where we thought we would be. And if you've been in our stores, you've seen the assortment shifting in the right direction. I mean, some of that is really the result of the power of our Fast Turn group, which really works on shorter lead times. And you can see different silhouettes. I mean, the Making Move collection with the pleated tags is a great example of bringing something to market really quickly. The Swiftly franchise has done really well. But I would say, I would attribute the current success mostly to the new silhouette, the looser silhouette, the one that you can layer. And that combined with the success of our bras, the Make A Move Bra, the Rack Pack Bra, the Get Down Bra, has really put us in a strong position. So I just looked at the spring '17 product and last week at the winter '16 product, and I'm absolutely thrilled with the progress that we're making. It's very much -- you'll see function and fashion coming together in a way that you haven't seen in quite some time, if not ever. And it's really the result of the product reorg that we've done and a number of talent that we added to the team from a design standpoint. So that combined with the progress that we've made in supply chain and being able to throw the product to bring the design intent to life the way we want to, it feels really powerful and it's actually showing up on the floor right now. 
Laurent Potdevin: And remember that we are really focused on building guest-centric and channel-agnostic strategies. So the launch of the new website is actually a great example and a great foundation for what's to come. And we had -- with every website launch, we have anticipated a slight degradation in business as guests get used to the new user experience. And actually what we've seen is better conversion, especially on mobile and a very rapid adoption to the website. So we feel very good that as we launch the full analytics capabilities of our CRM and we tie that to our digital marketing strategy, we've got -- we're actually going to leapfrog from where we've been. So I'm very excited for what's to come there. 
Laurent Potdevin: And from an international standpoint, I mean, we continue to be really pleased with the strategy of entering key cities in key markets. So when you look at our performance in Asia, I mean, we've got all of our stores over $1,500 or $1,600 a square foot, with IFC in Hong Kong topping the list at $5,700 a square foot. So very happy with that. The Tmall penetration that we're seeing there is really putting a lot more eyeballs on the brand where we don't have a physical presence. Europe, in Europe, we're very focused on London. The retail environment in London has been a little tricky lately until they go through the election at the end of June. And what we've seen is in the market where we've got a great community, we're doing really well, including King's Road, Covent Garden and Marylebone. And in a couple of cities where we're probably gotten a little bit ahead of the vibrancy of the community, we're not seeing the same result, and that would be Danburg [ph] and Richmond. So it's actually a great sort of validation that focusing on the key markets and going where we have the community pays off. And I would actually love to add that in our remarks we have hinted at the fact that we're going to find a couple of different ways of going to market in London that will definitely drive brand awareness in a really powerful way, and we're very excited to share that with you probably in the next couple of weeks. 
Laurent Potdevin: Think about pricing, Anna, on the bottom side. I mean, we're very happy with the pricing architecture. I mean, as I was mentioning in looking at winter '16, spring '17, we're delivering a lot of innovation. And so we price with the value that we deliver to the guests. I mean, we are very confident that we've got, with the pricing architecture, both across categories within the global standpoint as well. And with tops, I mean, we're like where we need to be. I mean, we see a lot of success, and we see the opportunity to actually bring innovation and continue to be sort of really honing the [indiscernible] of the market the way we always have. 
Laurent Potdevin: And on your product question, Kimberly, I think that the pant launch was successful and was really the very beginning of what we're about to do. I mean, when you see summer land, you'll see a completely different assortment. I mean, that being sort of collapsed the studio and the car deal [ph], pods and making them one group -- I mean, you're going to see a hard wall, you're going to see the ability to put outfits together across the entire assortment. It's going to be a lot more powerful. You're going to see a lot more newness in fabrics, textures and print, but also a very elevated attention to details to trim, construction, raw materials in a way that probably hasn't come to life in the past couple of years. So obviously -- and we'll continue to focus on run where we see a tremendous opportunity both for men's and women's. And you'll see most of the focus if not all of the focus on the sweat category, which we really own and want to continue to lead. So as it is summer -- I mean, you'll see an environment that is elevated, that speaks to function and that looks fantastic. 
