Patrick Guido: Adrienne, this is PJ. We are really happy with our inventory levels at the end of Q3 and going into Q4 into the holiday season. The inventory is in great shape by quality and makeup. We did not change our inventory cadence because of any tariff issues or anything to that effect. So generally, we are in -- if you like, we're in great shape from an inventory perspective. 
Patrick Guido: Yes, Matt, this is PJ. So, yes, we've seen a big benefit in gross margin throughout the year and in Q3, and it's come from mix, lower markdown and higher comp above what we planned. We expect all these metrics to remain strong, but we've planned into a more -- a little bit more of a moderate benefit. But should we see higher demand materialize, we have the flex in the business to meet it. We do see continued opportunity on the sourcing and supply chain side, which has been a great story and will continue to be. And although we may not see step function gains as we have in the past, there's still meaningful gains to be had there. 
Patrick Guido: Yes. So we do expect the investment to continue into Q4. What I'll say about SG&A is -- so the majority of the deleverage in Q3 came from both planned and incremental investment in long-term growth, right? So we invested in IT to enhance our data and analytics and digital marketing capability. We invested in the guest experience and guest engagement by testing the loyalty program. We invested in testing new product categories, Selfcare. We also invested in more seasonal stores, which -- to gauge new markets, reach new guests and build brand awareness. So I would say these will continue into Q4. And we do -- we have guided to modest deleverage, but for the full year, we still expect to leverage SG&A. 
Patrick Guido: Yes. Jay, it's PJ. So on the retail wages, so within our stores, we target the top 25th percentile. So we feel like we're very competitive on that front. So not seeing pressure there, but we continue to evaluate that. On rent, I think we're not seeing any meaningful opportunities outside the ordinary, so I wouldn't say there's anything there. 
Patrick Guido: Brian, the vast majority of it was investment, about 2/3 of it. But then we did have some FX headwinds that impacted our SG&A by about 30 basis points. But it was predominantly investment. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. Thanks, Omar. Great question. We're seeing really strong traffic and conversion in our e-commerce business. These are trends that we had called out earlier in the year. On the traffic side, it's -- we really see this as a function of the enhanced digital marketing strategy that we've been able to put into the market. And specifically, part of that has been new data analytics capabilities. We've been able to automate much of our e-mail marketing strategies as well as bring personalization into sharpening how we're able to send those e-mails and digital engagement with our guests in a more specific and informed manner versus our guests. So that's been a big part of the traffic story. On the conversion side, it continues to be the improvements that we've made to the website, and we continue to define opportunities to enhance the experience for our guests online. So we've been pleased with that performance as well. And finally, I'd say the -- there are no structural constraints for us to drive the penetration of our e-commerce business well above 25%. And I would also point to the fact that we enjoy a much higher contribution margin for our digital business that is certainly accretive to our company overall operating profit margin. So we are very bullish on the outlook for our e-com business. We have a great team and a number of enhancements that are in the works for next year. So very excited at the future we see in that part of the business. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. And, Matt, it's Stuart. I'll add to that. There still is opportunity for us to further expand our supply chain segmentation strategy that we've talked about to drive more of our assortment into the lower cost part of the supply chain. And also, as I alluded to my prepared remarks, there is -- there are new investments we're making in our distribution networks that will provide benefits to our product margins into next year and beyond. So those are things that we feel are structural, programmatic that we will be able to bring to bear and benefit our product margins as we go forward. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes, Matt, it's Stuart. So there's a number of things that we see as providing a big tailwind for us in terms of guest acquisition. First thing, we should start with is the product assortment. So that lifts the overall business, as you would imagine, and drives both traffic and conversion. The other areas we've talked about, we've mentioned briefly, even today and, certainly, on the prior calls, we're seeing the digital marketing strategies providing a much more successful level of engagement with our guests that is, in turn, helping drive traffic into our stores, where we were able to convert that traffic and engage more successfully with new technology we deployed at the end of last year [ at express ]. So I would point to those things, multichannel strategies store and online, leveraging new capabilities within data analytics, they're helping us drive those increases. And we continue to see opportunities to drive those levels even higher. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. Obviously, from the occupancy line, our real estate strategy in international markets as well as we stepped into bigger boxes in North America will reflect those changes in the strategy. But we feel really good that there's opportunity to have a good outcome in terms of occupancy into the future. 
Stuart Haselden: It's interesting. We see a very similar level of returns in our e-commerce business as we do in stores. And I know that's different from a lot of businesses, even a lot of vertical retailers that are in categories that see higher levels of return online. And we're just fortunate that our business performed similarly across channels. 
Stuart Haselden: Paul, it's Stuart. So the -- as you look at digital by geography and the e-commerce penetration, the North American business still is, by far, the lion's share of that business. So it essentially reflects the penetration of the North American business. We're really excited about the trends that we're seeing in Asia and in Europe. There are infrastructure investments we need to make and are making, and you've heard us talk about that to a degree in these international markets to fully unlock the potential. So those are things that we have planned into '19 and beyond to continue to fuel really exciting increases in our e-commerce business in those geographies. And we're likewise really excited about the potential, and we spoke about it earlier on the call, that we see for e-commerce [indiscernible]. So hope that addresses your question. And your second question on buy online, pick up in-store, still early innings on [ that. ] We're seeing some really encouraging results. We're excited to expand it to additional stores. And we'll be able to share more details with you on that into the future. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. Kimberly, it's Stuart. So we're certainly exceeding some of the original goals that we had set back at the beginning of 2015 -- 2016, rather, for the 5-year time horizon. And we are reevaluating and recalibrating how high is high in each part of the business, certainly, each element of the operating profit story. And that's something we'll be able to share more details on with you when we report Q4 and something we've alluded to in terms of the outlook we see in the business beyond 2020 as we really do see opportunity to exceed the goals that we've set for that period. One of the things I did just want to highlight while we still have a few minutes left on the call. We're really pleased with the comp momentum that we saw from Q2 into Q3. And we see essentially the continuation of that same trajectory that we saw in the first half of the year into the second half of the year. And I did just want to reiterate that we are not seeing this trend slow now into the early weeks of Q4. And just to clarify, while we did give slightly different top line comp guidance in the fourth quarter versus the guidance that we offered in Q3, there are a couple of reasons for that, and I just wanted to mention and make sure that investors are aware of this. The first is that we really have the majority of the quarter in front of us. There's some really big volume weeks as we approach Christmas. There is essentially less of the quarter under our belt at this point than when we were at a similar point guiding to Q3. So that's the first element. The second one is we're just lapping stronger comparisons in the fourth quarter of last year. So those 2 factors really came into bear as we laid what the appropriate comp guidance was for us to offer. But I did just want to reiterate that we're seeing the same strong trends from the third quarter now into the early part of the fourth quarter. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. And this is Stuart. So I'll just offer, the SG&A outcome in the third quarter was not a surprise. We planned this, and we saw opportunity to lean in farther in certain areas as we saw the strong top line and, in particular, the beat on the gross margin materializing. So investors should view this as the management team leaning into where we see opportunity to fuel growth into the future. And I would say, stepping back from that, we're really pleased with where we're going to land the year and achieve SG&A leverage for a 12-month period for the first time in several years. So this is, I think, evidence of the management team managing the business dynamically while still delivering on the strategic goals that we set out. And you should expect us to be able to deliver SG&A leverage each year as we march towards 2020 and beyond. 
Stuart Haselden: No. I think the -- what you've seen us do over the last several years in terms of adapting new store formats is really building a more agile model to be able to execute a retail a brick-and-mortar strategy tailored to each market in the most effective manner. And what we're seeing on these colocated and experiential stores is more a next chapter in our retail journey where we're going to be able to create exciting space for us to introduce new product categories powerfully as well as create new in-store experiences for our guests that we see shaping more exciting experiences and higher levels of engagement broadly. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. We did a membership test in Edmonton, and the fee was $128, which we wanted to test. And for that, guests were able to choose between either a pant or a pair of shorts. In addition to that, they had access to monthly curated sweat classes that we worked with the local community and our ambassadors to highlight and showcase. They have some shipment benefits on e-commerce, and we'll be able to gain early access into our Sweatlife Festivals and other events that we're planning to continue to bring. So -- and the response was very strong, exceeded our expectations. And we're going to continue through the first half of next year testing and piloting that. We have a few additional markets that we are going to be launching it in and very excited as we look forward to the ability to have a membership-based program where it's driving loyalty, but guests are seeing value in this curation of services and content beyond just our product and in buying into the program and driving value through the loyalty. So early days but very excited about the work and what we have planned for the program moving forward. 
Calvin McDonald: Great question. We are in test phase. What I would tell you is we were very excited with the way in which the guests responded to the initial launch and pilot. The intent moving forward is to have a fee attached. We are going to test and play with the $128. In fact, we think there's opportunity to price above that based on the engagement and response we saw from the guests. So we actually feel we can increase the price to the value of the program and the additional services they offer. So most of first half of 2019 is going to be tinkering, playing with the program, getting the curation of services right. But we are super excited and we'll continue to lean in and test and learn around the notion of a membership paid for and the curation of services that we offer. 
Calvin McDonald: I'll take the question on Selfcare. So as you know, we tested it in the quarter in a handful of markets, be it Chicago, Orange County and Toronto. And the lineup currently consists of 5 products in a variety of sets and a variety of sizes. And I think it is a -- it's a great example of the work the team has been doing and is doing to identify whitespace in areas where we feel we not only have permission from our guests to help solve an opportunity, but also, we can do it in a very authentic way. And in this and with Selfcare, it is that notion of how can we solve the needs of the athlete when they're on the go, in studios, as it relates to this category that others are not fulfilling. And very happy with the results of the pilot. We'll continue and expand that into 2019. And obviously, it's a category that I know well. And I feel there's a lot of opportunity. As we think of Selfcare, we think of the sweat life, the ability to continue to bring product that delivers on that objective of how do we solve the needs of the athletes as it relates to this product category. So early results are very good, further expansion in 2019, and we're working as well on that product expansion and see opportunity in this category. It's very exciting. 
Sun Choe: Alex, this is Sun. To your question, we really don't know how high is high. I mean, right now, we see both bras and outerwear as big category expansions for us. They definitely represent a significant amount of opportunity. And given our position of the intersection of feel, fashion and function, we feel like there is whitespace beyond the categories that we're known for today. 
Sun Choe: Great. I actually am really excited about what our pipeline looks for 2019. Our -- what we have in terms of innovation is very rich. And I would say, as I mentioned earlier, bras and outerwear as a category represents a big opportunity for us. In terms of innovation, we have some great things lined up, and one that I like to highlight is specifically some innovations that we are introducing in run across men's and women's. So in men's, we have some things that really solve for high humidity, high heat solutions. We also are introducing cooling yarn for the guests across men's and women's. And then in terms of high support bras, we launched the Enlite a couple of years ago. We are going to be extending upon that franchise. So we introduced the front zip this year. Next year, we have a hydration vest based off of the Enlite as well as just other evolutions of Enlite. And we do know that part of the huge success of 2018 has been through franchise extensions. They do work for us. And so that's a lot of what's in store for next year. 
Sun Choe: We see outerwear being a material comp driver for the quarter both across men's and women's. And I would say, you're right on in terms of the assortment assessment. We have definitely broadened the range as well as broadened the solve and really focusing behind solves around rain, insulation and activity. And the more innovation we put into a product, we do believe that there's a value add for the guest. And so far, we really have not seen price resistance where we've introduced the 3-in-1 or waterproof down and priced it at a premium. So we believe that continuing to innovate on solutions for our guests, and if there's value there, we can continue to push prices up. And at the same time, when we have things that are more like [ shelved ], everyday [ shelf ] that a guest can work out in or run in, that could be something that's a bit more of an opening price point for us. So we actually see a pretty broad price elasticity in this category across men's and women's. 
Sun Choe: I would say, in gifting, we probably went a little deeper into accessories. We always have huge opportunity in our franchise products because those are items that our guests knows and loves, so franchises like Align, Wunder Under, Speed Up that Stuart had alluded to; in men's, our Metal Vent and ABC franchises. And probably new for us is the breadth of giftables that we introduced in accessories across cold weather as well as what we call, small lulu goods. 
