Stuart Haselden: Thanks, Calvin. Let me also congratulate our store teams as well as our SSC, GEC and DC teams around the world for enabling the strong results we're reporting today. Without their passion and enthusiasm, none of this will be possible. In Q4, strong guest response for our holiday merchandise assortment, coupled with our ability to leverage the strategic investments we've been making in the businesses, drove another strong result. The trends we've seen all year in traffic, guest engagement and product margin continued and contributed to our nearly 40% increase in adjusted EPS in the quarter. I'm also proud to report that we achieved 3 of our 2020 financial targets in 2018, 2 years ahead of schedule. We reported an operating margin of 21.5%, a gross margin of just over 55% and our e-commerce penetration reached 26%. These levels are all at or above the targets we set for 2020 and were made possible by our investments over the last 3 years in supply chain, technology and innovation.  2018 has clearly been an inflection point for our business in both top and bottom line, and we continue to see clear opportunities to expand on this story by building stronger systems and platforms in supply chain, IT infrastructure, omni capabilities, digital commerce and product development capabilities. This sets us on a new course for 2019 and beyond that we are all excited for. I'll now offer some details on our Q4 performance. Comps increased a better-than-expected 17% as our traffic remained strong in the quarter. Gross margin expanded 110 basis points, partially offset by planned increases in SG&A as we continued to lean into growth-driving investments in Q4. These investments included omnichannel and digital capabilities to position us well for 2019 and drive our future growth. Operating margin grew 60 basis points versus adjusted operating margin last year and reached 28.4%. In addition, our guest engagement remained high as we continued to drive strong results in both new guest acquisition and our e-mail list, with increases of nearly 30% and 70%, respectively. What's equally exciting are the increases we're also seeing from our existing guests. In Q4, we experienced a 40% increase in transactions by repeat guests. Let me now turn to some highlights on the quarter. Product remains a foundation from which our success is built, and our offering in Q4 continued to be a standout. We saw ongoing strength in both men's and women's bottoms, which comped up 28% and 21%, respectively. Our expanded outerwear offering also performed well with strong guest demand for our new cold weather styles. We also had success in our collaboration with SoulCycle in January. I'm particularly pleased with the strength here as it helped us drive full price sales in a month that is generally thought to be used for clearance at most other retailers. Shifting gears to digital. Traffic to our sites grew over 30% in Q4, while conversion increased in the low single-digit range. We partnered with Strava as we leveraged our online and physical ecosystems with the third annual 40/80 Challenge. This year, we had over 200,000 runners join, representing a 90% increase versus last year. This was the largest run event by a brand ever hosted on Strava, and we're excited that with nearly 100,000 members, we are the largest run community on the app. Finally, our international business also saw strong performance in Q4. Market growth in Asia was over 70% and Europe grew nearly 60%. In China, e-commerce continues to be particularly robust, generating an increase of over 140% in Q4 and over 150% for the full year. I'm also excited to report that we opened our first stores in Osaka and Macao during Q4 and also opened our first-ever airport location in Hong Kong, all delivering strong results as we extend our brand awareness in these regions. And in Europe, we opened an exciting new store in the Mitte district of Berlin, and as Calvin mentioned, we recently opened our first store in Amsterdam. We're excited to see accelerating trends now in Europe as our brand awareness levels continue to increase. Normally, I'd now share with you our opportunities and initiatives within infrastructure, technology and supply chain. However, I'm going to save that discussion for our Analyst Day. What I would like to express to our investors is the excitement and enthusiasm I have for my new challenge of leading the international business. As Calvin detailed for you earlier, I'll continue as COO but will now bring my lens of operational excellence to our businesses in Asia Pacific and Europe. I've been working closely with the leaders in these regions for the last few years, and I look forward to helping them grow their businesses and achieve the full potential of the lululemon brand outside of North America.  Let me now hand it over to PJ. 
Stuart Haselden: Sure. Ike, it's Stuart, and I apologize. My voice is a little hoarse. Let me -- I'll try to give a little color on our profitability. We're not going to be able to break out the specifics, but what we can say is that we saw strong profitability in Asia and in Australia that more than offsets the operating loss that we saw in Europe. We're still probably 1.5 years from breakeven in Europe but really excited at the momentum that we're seeing in our European business now. And as we mentioned on the call, we saw strong sequential trends in both Asia and Europe. Asia, up 70%; Europe, up 60% in the fourth quarter. That was an acceleration sequentially from the third quarter. And as we also mentioned, we're going to open 25 to 30 stores in 2019 internationally. That's more than half of the total stores that we'll open as a company. The balance of those or more than half of those will be in Asia. And we're seeing strong trends, strong comp trends in both China and broadly across Asia as well as Australia and Europe. I would say in Europe, we've actually seen an acceleration in our store comps. That's been exciting as we are reaching levels of brand awareness that we believe are now helping us achieve that faster pace of comp growth. But overall, I think just the store count reflects the importance of this as one of our growth drivers. We'll certainly offer more details at the Analyst Day. But it will continue to be an area where we're growing our business disproportionate to North America. And the profitability we're excited to see really reaching a point where we're reaching a scale economies situation in Asia, in particular, where we're now seeing very healthy bottom line results. So we'll share more, as I mentioned, on the Analyst Day, but that's, I think, some headlines we can offer now. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. We have 21 stores in Europe right now. We have 34 in Asia. The stores in Asia tend to have a bigger sales volume than we've seen in Europe. So it's really a function of just the productivity of the store fleet. Importantly, we're also investing aggressively in our digital business internationally. So we're going to open -- or I'd say we're going to launch new websites in France, Germany, China, Japan and Korea, all in the first half of this year, which will dramatically improve our ability to engage with our guests in those regions digitally. But really, it's just as a question of reaching the volume in Europe to leverage our overhead investments there. So we're confident we'll get there, and we're pleased with the progress we're seeing. 
Stuart Haselden: So Sharon, it's Stuart. From an international standpoint, our stores are younger, and you would expect that they would comp at a higher rate in the first few years of their sort of lifespan as a comp store. That's the case in North America and it's certainly also the case in our international markets. We have -- we still -- we certainly have a brand awareness obstacle to overcome in our international markets, but as we're beginning to gain traction in our community efforts and our brand building efforts, we're seeing that comps accelerate particularly in Europe, as I mentioned. But we're seeing very healthy strong comp trends across our international markets. That would be what you would expect, I think, in terms of the relative age and cohort -- age cohort, if you will, of those stores. 
Stuart Haselden: Gabby, it's Stuart. So we're really excited with the trends at our men's business. As we mentioned, we offered a couple of nuggets in the prepared remarks. It's growing faster than our women's business. Our men's pants has been one of the fastest growing categories within men's. It's become an important way in which we acquire new guys to the brand. And at this point, it's larger actually than our performance tops business, which had -- prior to the last year had been the largest category. So we're excited to see the trends in men's pants. Outerwear has been another success story for us in 2018. A huge increase in our admittedly small outerwear business in men's, which is just an indication of us -- an indication to us rather, how big this business could be. So we're excited to introduce new styles in outerwear as well as in our performance business. And we'll have a nice balance between our technical performance style as well as our -- what we call office travel commute styles, outerwear among them. So there's a lot of runway for us to continue to grow our men's business. We're just over 20% penetration today. We really believe that lululemon can be a dual-gender brand, and that our men's business can ultimately be as big as our women's. And from a channel standpoint, you mentioned co-located. That is an important part of the story. We see huge increases in our productivity of our co-located stores, which are essentially stores that are space constrained, very productive locations that we're able to either expand or find a larger location nearby so that we can have a more effective presentation of our men's product and have an environment that's more appealing to guys to shop in. So we're seeing increases, for example, in our Mall of America location, where we expanded the square footage from 3,000 to 5,000 square feet. We doubled the size of our men's shop there, and we saw our sales in men's up 80%, with essentially the same inventory. Now every co-located expansion is not that successful, but that's a good example of the success that we've seen. But it is an important part of the story for men's and our North American store footprint broadly. And we're still testing just how deep we can go in the portfolio with our strategy. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. Thanks, Kimberly. Good questions. What I would say is we have a really strong team in Europe led by Gareth Pope, our GM there. And Gareth has done a lot of great work over the last couple of years to reposition, if you will, a number of our stores -- the real estate strategy broadly in Europe. And we found success in Gareth's leadership there. And we continue to invest behind it. And as I mentioned, we've been patient and deliberate in the community building activities in Europe. It's taken us a bit longer than we originally expected. But we're now starting to see traction and momentum there from a guest acquisition and brand awareness standpoint, which we believe is what we attribute the acceleration in the comp in Europe to. So we're thrilled to see that trend. And we'll be evaluating just how we continue to invest behind that, the strategy that Gareth and the team has set in Europe. And good question around men's and how we think about that internationally. We do have the opportunity to introduce the brand as a dual-gender business, dual-gender brand in these international markets where we're not as well known, obviously. And we have taken steps to do that. I would say the mix of business is not remarkably different in our international markets versus North America. We still hold that as an opportunity. And we're evaluating how in markets like Asia, we can show up with a stronger men's positioning. And that's something we can talk more about when we're together at the Analyst Day. 
Stuart Haselden: Jamie, it's Stuart. We are very happy with our digital margins. And as we grow that business faster, it is accretive to our overall operating margin. And I think there's specifics within our business. Our return rates, in particular, are very low, which helps explain why we enjoy a better rate -- margin rate online than other companies. But what I would say in terms of as we look forward and what investments we need to make, we don't feel like we're world champions yet in digital e-commerce, and there's a lot of opportunities we see with the website, with social media, with digital marketing, where we can do much better. And so the upside there is a nice runway of revenue growth in our digital business. So we're excited about that. 
Calvin McDonald: I'll take the question on product, and then PJ will take your question on SG&A. We see a wonderful path forward for our product both in our core as well as our ability to continue to expand the categories that we're offering our guests. Our bottoms business not only is our #1 category for acquiring new guests, which are continuing to help drive and fuel that, but it's also an area in which we continue to innovate both across men's and women's. So we remain very encouraged with the continual performance of the business in 2018 and moving into 2019. As well as our ability to expand upon categories across all of our guests, existing and new, and that being to OTC, outerwear, bras, and into men's and the other categories, Selfcare and Run, just to name a few that I mentioned. So I'm very encouraged with how our categories are performing as well as into 2019 both on innovation and newness. 
Calvin McDonald: Other than that, we were happy with the test results, and we're excited to share more on our plans around Selfcare as well as some additional categories on our Analyst Day with you. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Matt. Yes, we're excited with the signing of Nick into the elite ambassador family here at lululemon. But I would indicate that it's not a new strategy for us. He's definitely a very high-profile athlete. But we're excited to have him. I think when we look at our ambassador community of 2,000-plus strong and our global and elite ambassadors, it is an area that we're excited to continue to expand. We do not pay typical endorsement fees. We really look to partner with athletes that have an alignment on values. The athletes are authentic that they love the brand. And collectively, we come together excited about the partnership and the potential impact that we can both have in the community and with our guests living the Sweatlife. And with Nick, he's a wonderful ambassador and representative of those things, so we're excited. And it is an area that we think we can continue to expand on and we'll share more on the Analyst Day. 
Calvin McDonald: Dana, it's Calvin. On the loyalty program, we've been very happy with the test and pilot so far. As you know, we initially tested in Edmonton, and we've just recently tested in Denver. And our intent over the coming months is to select a few more markets and keep testing. Response from our guests has been very positive. It's exceeded our expectations in both markets. We did test a different price point in Denver. We launched at CAD 128 in Edmonton. We tested USD 148 in Denver and saw wonderful take-up. So it sort of confirmed our thinking, which is there's real value in the memberships. The guest is understanding the value and the demand is there for us. So we're very encouraged and will continue to test as we look into expanding the program and ultimately leading into a national program in the coming sort of quarters to a year. 
Calvin McDonald: And Paul, on the collaborations, we've done collaborations. We're excited when we do it both with a sweat partner, like SoulCycle. And yes, we continue to do more of these and we have some exciting ones planned for 2019 that we'll be announcing and launching to our guests in the coming months. In addition, we also are excited about certain collaborations with designers, where we can bring their particular view on aesthetic with our technical view on product, like the Robert Geller, and we're seeing a wonderful response to that announcement. And that product is pending to be launching very soon and anticipate great demand as well as sort of the ability to attract the new men's guests into our business. So collaborations have been performing well. We see them on both sweats and aesthetic design partner opportunities. And it's bringing in new guests and expanding the basket with our existing guests. So we'll continue to do them. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Mark. On the co-located, we've seen very positive results in 2018, and our intent for 2019 is to maintain the number, which is in and around 20. We are planning to open more new doors this year in the 40 to 50 range, with China picking up a disproportionate number of those incremental doors. So overall, the amount of incremental square footage is in the mid-teen growth range, which is up from 2018. And that's all positive based on how the guest is responding to our assortments, our ability to express our assortment in more locations and are really pleased with the mix. In addition, as you mentioned, we are looking to expand on our omni innovation. We have a very strong BBR program, and that is where our stores access our extended assortment online in order for the guests to either have it shipped to the store for pickup and/or to the guest's home. And very pleased with the results of that, and that continues to grow year-over-year and does help in our smaller doors. But it also helps in our larger doors as well as we continue to add to our assortment and breadth of categories. On buy online, pick up in-store, we tested that over the holiday period in around 35 doors. We're pleased with the results. We are rolling that out across the network, and we plan to be across all doors by holiday 2019, which will give us a wonderful opportunity to promote and move that further up in the guest journey and experience online to make it very clear and aware that, that service exists. But those omni initiatives, combined with how we're approaching our store fleet, both are going to be contributing to the momentum this year. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks for clarifying through your question, Mark. That reference was to our business, particularly in China. We see our dotcom business achieving a 50% ratio. We're very excited about our digital direct-to-consumer business overall, and we'll share at the Analyst Day how we view that across all markets. But that particular statement was linked to China. 
Calvin McDonald: Thanks, Rafe. Much of that we'll be sharing at the Analyst Day. But what I will queue up is 2. One, from a fabric standpoint, we're excited with the continual performance of our existing. Equally, we see opportunity in sharing well-performing technical fabrics across both men's and women's, which is a big opportunity for us, and we'll share how we're approaching innovation on that Analyst Day. As well as a lot of the categories that we're looking to expand. The one that I will tee up, which will be in market prior to us meeting in April, is run and our run campaign, which we're excited about building on the success of yoga as a key sweat for us. Run is an opportunity for us to continue to grow with our existing guests. Stuart mentioned some of the success of our events, both physical and digital. And our assortment and being known as a run destination for apparel, technical apparel, both for men's and women's, is a large opportunity and we'll be launching in the next week an exciting campaign that will start to build the awareness around that sweat activity, and we see a lot of exciting future growth potential behind that as well. More to share at the Analyst Day. 
Patrick Guido: And Steve, so on the SG&A question, so just to start. We've committed to and delivered SG&A leverage for the year. And improving profitability is part of our ongoing objective, and that's reflected in our guidance. That said, we've been using good performance during the course of the year to find pockets to invest in long-term sustainable growth, and it's working. We're seeing results there. Specifically, during the quarter, we invested more in digital marketing that was focused more on guest acquisition. And as mentioned earlier, we saw our new guest acquisition up 30% for the quarter. We also expanded our testing in new growth vehicles such as loyalty and Selfcare, and we also continue to operate a higher level of seasonal stores, which is a great way to also acquire new guests and build brand awareness. It's also a low-risk way to test markets for the eventual potential conversion to a full-on store, and we've done several of those as well. So if not for these discretionary strategic investments, we would have seen SG&A flat or even leveraging. 
Patrick Guido: Alex, it's PJ. I'll start off just with traffic has been the key driver throughout 2018, and we expect that momentum has carried over. It always starts with great product and assortment as mentioned. But then we support and fuel that with physical engagement with our guests -- through our guest educators, through community events, our network of over 2,000 ambassadors. Then there's the online dialogue, where we drive traffic both online and in-store through our digital marketing programs, and I think e-mail is a great example of that. We saw higher traffic in Q4 -- higher traffic in Q4 than in any other point in the year, and as I mentioned, we see that carrying over into 2019. Online traffic, also a key driver of e-comm performance was the big component. But we've also seen big gains in conversion as a result of continuing enhancements to our website, which we'll continue to make. So then coming into 2019, we'll continue to fuel traffic, but we'll also invest to improve conversion both online and in-store. 
Patrick Guido: Yes. Matt, it's PJ. Well, I mean, the positive surprise is obviously the new guest acquisition that we're able to measure, and so we're really excited about seeing that. The other positive surprise, again, I mentioned seasonal stores are a great way to gauge a market. And we actually converted 8 of those -- or we'll be converting 8 of those to full-on stores in 2019. So those are the positives. Not a whole lot of negatives there. It's a low-risk way to build your brand, to build new guests. And we really like that as a strategy. 
Patrick Guido: Yes. Sharon, it's PJ. So I mean, North America, obviously, it's a bigger part of our business, close to -- it's 90%, right? So our international is roughly 10%, 11% but growing at a much faster rate. So we're actually seeing it start to move the needle. So the comp is driven primarily by the U.S. and Canada. And we're seeing traffic continue, good traffic, we're seeing good comp, both in-store and online. So really happy with the way North America has performed and continues to perform. 
Patrick Guido: And on your gross margin question, Dana, so we do see continued upside in the gross margin, specifically driven by product margin. We've guided to modest expansion, and we have a lot of confidence in that. The opportunity is coming from additional scale. It's coming from vendor diversification. It's coming from closer partnerships with existing vendors, having transparency into cost we haven't necessarily had in the past. And it's also enhancing our distribution network. So we do see, again, continued expansion on the product side. 
Patrick Guido: So from a comp perspective, we can't talk about too much beyond Q1. And just broad strokes, the traffic patterns we've seen all year at both online and in-store, there's -- the split is we would expect that to continue. I don't know that there's any huge directional change either way. But yes, we expect the stores to continue to comp well, and we're seeing the traffic to back that up. And certainly, our online business, we're really excited about. 
Patrick Guido: Yes. So we would see -- that's a good thing, right, because you have that extra week. And so we are -- we would see -- we would expect the better part -- the best part of the quarter yet to come. And having that late Easter is usually beneficial. 
