Christine Day: I’d just like to add that we’re very pleased with these results and we couldn’t have this be possible for the organization without the extreme dedication that we see every day on our frontlines from all of our educators, our store managers and the passionate people we have at the support center. And with that, we’re going to open it up to questions.
Christine Day: I think on the showroom strategy, we’re very excited. Both in the openings that we saw this year, which have been very strong openings for the stores which tells us we’re very much on track with that strategy and overall the whole portfolio is exceeding our expectations in terms of sales, particularly on the community side. There are a few we’re learning but we’re testing three different models, stimulating existing growth in markets, testing new markets. So you have a little bit of varied performance based on the different models for showrooms but overall, we are very pleased that it’s such a safe way for us to test market opportunities, test our managers and make sure that we’re really ready when we open that store. So it’s exactly on strategy and producing those results.
Christine Day: Yeah. What we found is it, there is a difference between what guests buy online and what they buy in the stores. And I think there’s a combination of factors in there. We have guests that shop both and then we do see some of what they’re really looking for and we do see what the hot items are. Actually, we learn more about that on Facebook and through social media, what are the guests really screaming for. And so we actually use that I think to get a little bit more indication. As we talked about and I think it was in the last call, what we’ve really seen by the addition of the run line is it’s really shifted our guest size profile down to the smaller sizes because we’re attracting a more athletic fit guest, which is perfectly in line with our target and we’ve now adjusted a lot of our buys. And in terms of allocating to the stores, you can have an aggregate number right or even to e-commerce but be wrong between the two markets of Canada and U.S. on product or allocating source to many of our buys are fully allocated so the work that Sheree and her team are doing is much more sophisticated getting right size profiles at right stores and that’s -- even if we have the right product in the warehouse in the original buy, it’s getting it down to the stores at the right mix. And that’s really been our focus and what will continue to be our focus through, I’m sure on the rest of this year and into next year.Liz Dunn – Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. Thanks. Good luck.
Christine Day: We made the decision as we saw we were pretty light on product. And we really wanted to take our time with locations to delay some of those showroom openings. But then we already had hired some of the managers and kept them in training. So we did see some of that expense flow through but the actual cost of opening the showroom, the rent commencement, some of those did delay and that will change going forward in the second quarter.
Christine Day: I think it’s more going to be -- the short-term will be on the operating efficiency of the DC in cost per unit on out the door and less on the freight itself because we’re still using an outsourced carrier to get to the store. So it’s really the time from the boat to the store in the distribution process, not in the shipping to the store process and then efficiency of labor costs in the DC.
Christine Day: For international, on the e-commerce side, we already do ship internationally and what we’re working on behind the scenes is putting an additional modules in place that make it easier for the guests to pay for the duty and taxes and the shipping and for us to do credit card verification. So that work is under way right now, which should actually increase our international reach. Australia actually is one of the markets where we see the most demand internationally from e-commerce because of the work that David and his team have done there. So we don’t necessarily need to build out fulfillment or a unique face in our e-commerce just to reach that guest there or frankly anywhere else. We will start to next year focus on additional languages on our e-commerce platform as well.
Christine Day: Yeah. I think we have a lot to learn. It’s now treated as a company operated or owned market but still a very small team there on the ground because it wasn’t done with another partnership. So it’s a pretty grass roots operation there that works closely with our team and we’ve been learning a lot. But I think one of the things we’re really careful about is adding a lot of complexity to our business, especially because they’re still very small in size and we already added the complexity of the e-commerce channel. So that I think is what we’re really trying to make sure that we work through to do things well and optimize both our U.S. strategy and our e-commerce strategy before we take on any additional complexity. We are -- you know, have a small business development team here that we’re working with to help us build the model but that’s really -- we’re at the very early stages and there was a false rumor that we were going to London. Let’s just get that on the table now, it was a false rumor. We don’t have a real estate partner signed in that market.
Christine Day: You know, I think it’s tempting because of the Olympics and the success we had here. But I think for us it’s really about managing the complexity and that’s going to be the thing that guides us and I’d like to really get through this e-commerce transition with the next platform before we take on any additional complexity.
Christine Day: I’m going to have to put my glasses back on for that one, Janet. It’s one four -- sorry, so it’s 1428…
Christine Day: I think it’s still very much for us an age class story as we’ve been saying all along. It’s just driven by the ramp in new stores. Overall, we see healthy markets across the board, but some really strong growth of brand awareness like in the DC market has been really exciting for us to see. And I think it was, a lot of the work we did on things like the Cherry Blossom Festival, where we had 1700 people show up and yoga at the White House which we anticipated in and then the Florida market as we increased our store penetration and community there, markets we used to worry about like, Texas, no longer worries whatsoever. That team down there has done an amazing job and that combined with our real estate strategy, opening in NorthPark, so we feel -- the really good news is there isn’t a weak spot.
Christine Day: I don’t think we’ll go to wholly owned. We are working on a new really kind of online strategy, the very, very formative stages, really leveraging where we’re going in the social media and online presence. And then we are working on increasing the web, the creative design and the speed of the system and a more scalable backside, but that would still be outsourced even though we will do did the distribution piece on our self in the U.S. as we do in Canada already. So I think you’ll see a lot of improvements in the site, but we also want to focus really on the creative and social side and I think from an IT complexity right now, I don’t see us in the short-term taking on the commercial side of that site for another few years.
Christine Day: Yeah. And that’s part of the move that we’ll make and by adding different tastes and languages. So we definitely see that as part of the shorter term strategy within the next year.
Christine Day: Our men’s business is continuing to gain momentum. Jennifer Black – Jennifer Black & Associates: Right.
Christine Day: To date, we’re about 40% over last year which is great. Our adoption has continued to increase in the U.S. And we’re getting a lot of traction there. So we’re excited about that. The U.S. market is giving us some clues about how we can optimize our business in Canada and with the onset of some things that we’re doing for our bottoms, in terms of fit logic and other things. I’m really looking forward to some of the results that we’re going to be getting in the future.Jennifer Black – Jennifer Black & Associates: Fantastic. Thank you very much and good luck.
Christine Day: I think in the short-term you’ve got some cost overlaps, so it will probably show up more in the Q3, Q4, yeah.
Sheree Waterson: This is Sheree Waterson. We are seeing an increase in cotton pricing. We’re seeing an increase in nylon and there’s also Chinese labor which has gone up a bit. There have been, prior to these mitigation strategies that we’ve been employing to really minimize the impact on the margins there. So everything from further leveraging and smart planning of our raw materials to actually diversification of our supply base, so that we are manufacturing in some lower cost countries at this point.Paul Alexander – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Sheree Waterson: Want me to answer the DC? Hi, this is Sheree Waterson. You’re absolutely right. We tend to be more efficient when we fully own our distribution center. [Rich Cashin] and his team are world class and efficiency experts. But to be honest, they will cut off a day or so in their shipping across the country and so forth. But the primary factor in speed is really flow from the marketplace or flow from our manufacturers. So that is something that we continue to improve. We flow core product several times a month. And we flow obviously our initial allocations several times as well. So we’ve made the improvements there and Rich has made improvements but the primary factor for speed to market is really ex-manufacture.
Sheree Waterson: Yeah. That plus some of the other initiatives that we’ve talked about on other calls, like we actually stock cut and sewn goods in Asia about six weeks worth in certain categories. And we also take a position in raw materials both here in Canada and in Asia, so that we can [quick turn].
Sheree Waterson: Hey. I’ll answer first your question regarding sourcing. Our primary strategy is that we are shifting from about 7% to about 27% of our goods being manufactured in Southeast Asia and that goes for raw materials as well as cut and sewn goods and those countries are primarily Vietnam, Cambodia and then Bangladesh that we’ll be diversifying to. In terms of new product innovations or introductions, so for first quarter you saw more hot yoga and we had the introduction of the Matt and as part of our equipment and then for summer, we’d introduced UV sun protection in running which has been a run-away hit, no pun intended, along with lightweight running swift fabric in our running shorts, our tops and our running skirts. And then you will see a great introduction at the early part of Q3 which will be reflective running fabric where we actually have the reflective yarns woven into the fabric and of course, there’s more but we can’t tell you that just yet. We’ll have to surprise you later.
Sheree Waterson: Okay. The first thing is you were asking about China. I can tell you this. Strategically, we are looking to bring China down to just over half of our total sourcing, our total manufacturing. And the second thing was price pressures and how we see that in terms of retail. You won’t. You won’t. We are a premium manufacturer. We are a premium brand and the way we price goods, is through the right value equation for our guest and we like exactly where we are right now.
Sheree Waterson: We’re definitely seeing traffic up and that’s probably the leading indicator. We’re also seeing stronger conversion rates and stronger ticket. So it’s coming from all three, but in that order.
Sheree Waterson: We didn’t really – Frankly, the thing that really drives our guest to our store is her passion for the brand. So if you know much about our guest, she’s willing to go to any lengths to experience our brand and to buy her components, to live a healthier life. So I think that there’s really fun stories in our stores, where we even have guests that come in that they can’t wait to see the educators, so they’re part of their network. So we’re very lucky in that way and frankly, there was minimal impact with weather.
Sheree Waterson: Great. So the first thing we talked about was gift giving and yeah, we started our gift giving strategy last year and it was very successful. We learned from that and we will be continuing that for Q4 of this coming year or this year. The second thing was light in accessories in general, yeah, we are. We have finally gotten back into stocking bags which has been tremendous for us. We’ve had a lot of work to do on our stock delivery, which finally now looks like we’ve got our flow going. We actually have a new strategic partner there, so we’re excited about that. And the other categories I think we’re just -- we are back filling nicely. So we had a tough time there for a while. And our mat sales are finally, we’re seeing that even out quite a bit because we’ve finally gotten our flow there. So that felt good. And then in terms of sizing, we’ve been continuing to tackle the size issue for 12 months now and just as we were getting a handle on it, we continue to have work to do regarding our shifting guests. As we introduced -- as Christine was mentioning before the run line, we’re seeing a more athletic, more slender body as one of our adding to our guest mix. So we’re now actually looking at that further and breaking that down to the – not just the style level but the style, color level. So we’re getting traction there and have made improvements for each buy that we do so.
Deanne Schweitzer: This is Deanne. And basically, yeah, to all of the above. So we do see our sales populated definitely around our brick and mortar. And when we open up a showroom, again we see our sales pop up in that area. So our brick and mortar and e-commerce are working together exactly how we expected.
Deanne Schweitzer: Yeah. Definitely, so -- yeah, definitely. We watch it every week and in -- what am I going to say, piece of the pie, along with the showrooms. So they are both giving us an indication as to where we should head with our real estate strategies.
Deanne Schweitzer: So we see longer term brand-new markets where we might be open for a couple of years, so that would be part of our new market entry strategy. Then looking at extensions, specifically we’re going to put an additional store in a market. And then some are in those hip little urban communities that we might not target opening a store but they’re really critical to the brand strategy for attracting that target guest and increasing our reach in a market area.
Deanne Schweitzer: Deanne, here again. So we’re really -- we’re happy with our increased brand awareness of the brand. I believe we’ve mentioned before, we have opportunity to right-size this brand so as much as -- sorry, the apparel, the clothes themselves. So as much as we are seeing an increase in brand awareness and traffic to the stores, we will stifle our sales ever so slightly until August when we have the right size in the store throughout the whole line. We are continuing to look at opportunities to open up our locations in 2010. But we don’t have anything signed yet. So that’s where we’re at with ivivva but still continued very positive and happy with today’s results.
John Currie: I think answering the first question, as I said, we’re comfortable with our inventory level at the end of Q1, being -- closer to being in line with our expected sales for Q2. So the answer to your question is yeah. Increases in sales would match increases in revenue or in inventory ideally going forward. In terms of gross margin, you’re right. Being more in stock does mean that we’re more likely to have more markdowns, as I said. There is a partial offset because we won’t be employing chase strategies to the same extent. It will be too granular to give you precise guidance on that but I would say the markdown impact is greater than the savings from not chasing. So net-net, there’s some deleverage on gross margin.
John Currie: And other delay in SG&A spend, we’re not talking about large amounts but we’re just -- you know, we always budget for new hires at the start of the year. And it sometimes takes a bit longer to add those key positions. It’s not that material though.
John Currie: I think, it would be premature to try to predict that but we’ll know more next quarter after we’ve been operating for a few weeks.
John Currie: I think the best way to answer that, overall, as Christine said in her remarks, the real stand-out was the class of stores that we opened in a lot of new markets towards the end of 2008, which overall the comp store increase in that class was well above the already high average that we posted. And that’s definitely traffic, primarily, because those are stores in markets that the guest is finally discovering the brand.
John Currie: It’s a wonderful problem to have. I think with any retailer that’s accumulating cash, it’s a topic. And at some point I think all companies end up with strategies to return to shareholders. But we’re still so early in our growth cycle that I think it’s a good strategy to retain that cash to fund our growth.Howard Tubin – RBC Capital Markets: That is great. Thanks.
John Currie: Through the quarter, we’re pretty consistent. If anything, things picked up a bit towards the end of the quarter. May is really reflected in the guidance I’ve given. May was a bit odd because of just the shift of the long weekend in both Canada and in the U.S. but generally continuing quite strong.
John Currie: Yeah. We said, we’ve always worked on sort of a model of a 20% operating margin. Clearly and you saw it in Q1, the business has the potential to produce an operating margin above 20%. The caution really is we are still very early in our growth and as we grow, we will flow through additional profit to fuel future growth. So even though a forecast might show an operating margin getting up into the mid-20s, you should expect that we’ll take some of that flow-through and reinvest it in future growth and that’s why we talk about – 20% is a level we like to maintain and possibly exceed, but the real variable is our discretionary investment in growth.
John Currie: I believe as we go forward, just to clarify, we have changed our segments. We’ve moved franchise, which is a decreasing percent, moved that into other. And we’ve broken out direct-to-consumer, which is e-commerce and phone sales because that’s a growing percent. My controller will pick his head up and he will kick me, but I believe as we go forward we’ll have to provide year-over-year comparisons based on the new segments as we’re now reporting them.
John Currie: I’m sorry. There are a number of questions in there. Starting with the franchise, there’s more to it of course than just Australia. And we have beyond Australia. We have five other franchises remaining. As we’ve said in the past, the plan is over time to eventually acquire all those franchises back. In terms of Australia, I think the best thing to do is to look at the press release that we issued on May 12th, announcing the acquisition and it does break out the revenue of that operation from last year. And then on -- I’m sorry, I’m not sure what your question was on e-commerce, triple digit growth is of course coming from zero a year ago. So as we’ve said, we’re running at 6 to 7% of total revenues today. We still believe that over some modest period of time that should rise to 10 to 12% of revenues.Laura Champine – Cowen and Company: Got it. Thank you.
