Stuart Haselden: Thanks, Calvin. In May, I was able to spend nearly 2 weeks with our team in China. And while we are seeing exciting momentum across all of our international markets, China in particular is on track to post impressive growth this year.  In Q1, our China team delivered nearly 70% market growth and entered 3 new cities with strong store openings in Chongqing, Xi'an and Xiamen. And we remain on track to open 10 to 15 stores in China this year.  We also continue to invest in our digital capabilities here with the relaunch of our .cn site in Q1 to complement our presence on Tmall and WeChat. And these investments are paying off as we saw our China e-com revenues increase over 100% in Q1. These results also include the great success of our super brand day event with Tmall in April. As part of this event, we invited 400 guests to join us at the InterContinental Shanghai Wonderland for sweat sessions, meditation classes and also a function show. The event garnered significant attention from the media and on social channels, and it was a great way for us to connect with both new and existing guests. All of this contributed to a strong performance for our Asia Pacific region overall in Q1 with revenues for the region increasing approximately 40%. Other highlights include the launch of our .jp and .kl websites, both of which are seeing strong starts. Turning now to Europe. We posted strong double-digit comps across all channels driven by ongoing robust traffic increases. These results helped us deliver over 40% market growth in Q1 across Europe. We're pleased to see our business gaining momentum as our community and brand-building efforts accelerate.  We also opened a great new store in Amsterdam. At the grand opening, which I was able to attend in March, it was exciting to see firsthand the energy that our team in Europe is creating, which is reflected in the strong results we are now experiencing. And we remain on track to open 5 to 10 new stores this year across Europe.  Overall, our international growth remains strong and accounts for an increasing portion of our total company growth.  And finally, I'd like to offer my gratitude to our teams around the world. It's only with their great work that any of this is possible. And now I'll pass it to PJ. 
Stuart Haselden: Sure, Ike. So the business vision that we have for China is certainly more heavily considered from a digital standpoint than North America. As we've said in some of our prior conversations, we can see the business in China being 50% online. And the structure of the industry in China is also important in creating that environment to make that possible. And when I say that structure, I think part of that is the marketplace structure that we're all aware of with WeChat and Tmall and the dominance that they have in the Chinese market.  So we participate in that, but we're very cognizant of how our brand is being introduced and developed. And we take important steps to ensure that we have a very premium positioning for the brand.  We see Tmall continuing to be an important part of the overall digital business mix for us. We see our own .cn site and our WeChat site emerging and taking a larger proportion of our digital business in time. We're making investments now to make that possible, and we'll share those details with you as they develop. But the launch of the .cn site or the relaunch, I should say, of the .cn site that we mentioned in the first quarter is an important part of that.  And generally, just the expansion of the store footprint will drive brand awareness. We're seeing great traction broadly across China and a lot of signals that are suggesting that our brand is gaining traction. So that will support and fuel traffic in our business across all channels.  So I think those are the things I'd point to in terms of just how we're thinking about the digital part of our business there. 
Stuart Haselden: Yes. For sure. Overall, there is an advantage of -- from a digital versus stores that is directionally consistent with what we see in North America in terms of the bottom line contribution margin for the digital business versus stores. That said, there is incremental costs that we incur to operate on the Tmall platform, but it's still an attractive contribution margin that is still higher than what we see in our store business. 
Stuart Haselden: Paul, it's Stuart. I'll speak to your first question on our less developed markets. What we see in our international regions is consistent with our experience in North America in that as we open new stores, we see our web business, our e-com business, accelerate in and around the trade area where we open those stores. The -- and we -- but we also use our digital business, our e-com business, as a guide to understand where we might open, look to open new stores, where our demand and brand awareness is gaining traction. That is an indicator that factors into how we rate markets and trade areas as potential candidates for new stores. So that experience has proven consistent in our international markets. And we really see a positive, synergistic effect of the footprint, the growing footprint of the store, the store fleet in driving awareness in traffic across both channels. 
Stuart Haselden: So Brian, it's Stuart. Let me speak to that in terms of the drivers within our supply chain that have delivered the improvement over the last few years and then I think more specifically to your question more recently. So we were able to build the programs that delivered the larger, more step function improvement in '16 and '17. And we've been able to take that forward into '18 and '19. And it's a part of our long-term guidance that PJ outlined at our Analyst Day to deliver modest gross margin improvement over the next few years.  There's really 4 things that are driving that: scale, price breaks from volume increases; second thing is segmentation of our supply chain as we are able to drive more of our assortment into the lower-cost segments of our sourcing strategy; the third thing is transparency as we're able to drive greater degree of specific production standards and costing negotiations across a broader part of our assortment; and the fourth thing is the distribution efficiencies that PJ also mentioned.  So those 4 things are the drivers of our gross margin improvement. They -- we are lapping some very significant improvements. They will naturally moderate into the future, but we still see significant opportunities over the next several years reflected in our guidance. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. Sure, Matt. In terms of Q2, we remain very happy with the momentum we're seeing in the business, which is reflected in our comp guidance of the plus low double digit, which is on top of a 19% last year. So the business has continued to see very strong trading into the quarter. And that growth is coming across all levers of the Power of Three.  In product, our men's business, as we shared, up 33%, continues to be very strong across all categories: tops, boxers and the bottom business. And our women's business equally is showing very solid and very strong growth, in particular, bottoms, driven by leggings and joggers.  And we -- with what we're going to be launching in terms of newness, that momentum, we believe, will continue as we continue to feed the core with more innovation and test and learn into new categories and build out the key categories we want to win, being yoga, train and run.  So we feel very good about the product launches that are dropping and the momentum and the way the guest is reacting to the product as they see it. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. I'll kick off and just comment on both Robert Geller and lab. On Robert Geller, we're very pleased with the results of the collaboration. And similar to many of the collaborations we've done, our guests are responding very favorably in general to this newness and an opportunity to either buy into a new category or a unique aesthetic. With Robert Geller, in particular, some of the key learnings was this one showed up very strong from an international perspective, in particular, in our Asia Pacific markets, which is really exciting when we think of the opportunity for these collabs going forward. The marketing buzz through social was significant behind this collaboration, which is exciting as we look for ways to continue to leverage our marketing and create an impact and acquire new guests and raise the awareness of the brand, which then leads to the final learning, which is it responded very well with recruiting new guests into the brand, but equally, our current guests were heavily engaged in the product, which is a great opportunity for us as we look for ways to continue to broaden and increase the share of wallet with our highly loyal and high spenders. So overall, the collaboration performed very well with a lot of key learnings. In the lab, those ideas will feed into our lab, of which we shared earlier. We're planning some shop-in-shops in the fall, and we'll continue to expand rollout from there. 
Calvin McDonald: And Paul, relative to the second part of your question, the majority of our sales growth is coming from our core products, our core franchises, that we either continue to innovate on or introduce new color pallets, which the guests are responding very favorably to. We do introduce a number of drops on a weekly basis. The guest responds very well to those. We monitor but don't share sort of the makeup as a percentage of sales. But overall, core is driving our business. We take franchises and innovate behind them, and I think we shared Metal Vent that's coming in Q3, tail end of Q2, which is a wonderful innovation on a very powerful, strong franchise. That will continue to drive. And as we test and learn into new categories, as we expand into yoga, train and run and OTC, which are the areas that we mentioned, our focus areas for the merchants and our product team to design into, the growth is coming from core. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Omar. We did roll out. So we're now testing in Edmonton, in Denver and Austin. And each market, we tweak the program slightly from the product that we make available to the guests to the price point. As you know, we raised the price point in our later tests to see how the guests would respond. We're playing with the events, which are the primary benefit from joining into the membership. And in each market, the results have been well above our expectations going in, very favorable from the guests. And we continue to tweak and learn and do plan to roll into more markets, and we'll have more to announce at a later point in time. But 2020 is a year in which we see expanding into more markets. And we are very excited about the potential of this membership and the platform to drive new guest acquisition, which is what we're seeing with the program, which is super exciting; driving guest loyalty and engagement into the brand, which is what we expected; but also, on the back of having to be a revenue stream for the business in a way in which we can achieve and drive that engagement through that system. 
Calvin McDonald: I think -- so you're right. We rolled up to 150 stores, and our plan is to have all stores up and running by end of Q3, which will put us in great standing for the holiday. And I think we'll learn a lot when that happens. As we're rolling out, we're happy with the results. Equally, internally, operationally, 80% of the orders that are placed are ready for pickup within 1 hour, which I think is an important internal metric for us because it just sort of talks to the operational readiness and engagement so that as the demand from the guests accelerates, we're ready to be there to service them.  As we roll out to more stores, we're able to position it differently within the website experience and the checkout, making it a lot more known and really start to market it. So early indication is encouraging. We think it's a necessity in leveraging our omni strategy, which is one of our pillars of growth. So we know we need to do it. And I think this fourth quarter, when we're in full rollout and we're marketing it aggressively on our website and in the checkout, that guests really know it's an option across the full fleet, we'll really learn. But I'm encouraged by it, and I think it'll be a wonderful way to continue to drive our traffic into the store, drive that incremental pickup and contribute to the top line. 
Calvin McDonald: Well, it's definitely a test. We -- as you know, our vision is to be an experiential brand. And we know we can deliver those experiences both within the store and outside of the store, and we do that very effectively across the fleet today. What Lincoln Park will allow us to do is to bring a lot of those experiences inside the 4 walls into the community on a consistent basis.  So it is a test, and we will learn from that and then figure out how, within our flexible fleet that we have today from seasonal stores to small up to our large format, this, we believe, could become just another mix within our portfolio of how we go into a market and deliver our experience to our guests. But it's a test. We're going to learn, and we'll go from there. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. No, for sure. What I would tell you in terms of the [Audio Gap] of our business, both across men's and women's, but I'll speak specifically to women's, is the number of new guests we're seeing as well as our reactivated guests in addition to a current active guest. So bottoms continues to be the #1 driver of new guest acquisition, and both leggings and joggers are performing incredibly well at achieving that, as well as we dial up our digital marketing initiatives and our e-mail campaigns. We're proving that many of those tactics are proving very effective to reactivate guests into the brand. And then as you've mentioned, to grow that share of wallet, which is equally something that we're focused on and exciting. So bottoms really is a very balanced growth across those 3 pillars. When we look to building out our core and filling in the assortment opportunities we have around yoga, train and run as well as OTC, we expect that much of that will drive the share of wallet with our existing guests because what we're doing is truly bringing incremental assortment and choice to her and him, but in this case, to her in the categories in which she sweats today where we don't have product offering, but we know we have an opportunity to deliver it through our unique lens of science of feel. So moving forward, we expect to continue to grow that share of wallet and, as you mentioned, depth of wardrobe and see a lot of opportunity to do that by just expanding into the sweat categories we already have a relationship for or with her today. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. We don't share sort of the average spend across our different guests. What I can tell you is, directionally, that our e-mail file growth continues to be very strong as well as our new guest acquisition. And as we're building our CRM capability, our ability to then migrate or trade up those guests into new categories or deeper into the categories they're in is proving to be a very effective way in which we're keeping the guests very engaged and active as well as increasing their share of wallet but equally focused on our high-value guests, which we have incredible loyalty retention numbers within retail. So they're highly engaged. The retention numbers are very high. And getting them to continue to engage in the category and drive growth is proving very [Audio Gap] was a big area of focus for us and something that we're really excited about as we look to yoga, train, run and OTC as categories where we can expand the assortment with that engagement and retention to be able to increase the share of wallet. That whole CRM initiative is a big area, and we're seeing some really good success from it. 
Calvin McDonald: I think when we look at Q1, and as we've shared, the balance across our product categories, both men's and women's, both bottoms and tops, our brand activations, be it some of the tests with membership or the event activity that we were doing, being able to leverage our improved data analytics and digital marketing, I mean, our guest was responding. And as we've shared, store traffic of plus 8% and over 40% in e-commerce is a good, healthy metric of a highly engaged guest. And we did not as we don't typically see in our business significant swings week-to-week or season-to-season or holiday-to-holiday. So I would -- through Q1, we were very pleased with the momentum consistent with traffic driving a big piece of that business in both new guests as well as existing guests and balanced across our product range. 
Patrick Guido: Yes. Kate, this is PJ. So what's driving gross margin going forward, so the biggest driver does remain lower product costs. We did have a pickup in markdown and mix. We do see remaining opportunities in scale segmenting the supply chain, greater efficiency across the distribution network.  That said, so there are some pressures, and those pressures are related to DC investments. So we opened Toronto. There were some startup costs there. Our collocated and our international stores carry higher rent, so we'll see a little bit of pressure from -- on occupancy and depreciation. But that, for the quarter, was relatively minimal.  And then going forward, we're going to continue to develop product, right, so new categories, bras, outerwear. So we are spending money to continue to build out our product assortment.  So again, net-net, we'll see modest expansion, as we've guided to, but there will be a little bit of pressure from those items I just mentioned. 
Patrick Guido: And then on the second question about tariffs, I'll point out just a few things. So first, I think it's important to mention that our direct exposure to China is relatively small with 6% of our total finished goods exported for China to the U.S. and [indiscernible] for tariffs.  To answer your question, so currently, under the tranche 3 tariffs, only 1% of our finished goods are subject to that. The balance, the additional 5%, would be subject -- that would be part of the tranche 4 tariffs. So that's the direct impact.  The better part of the expense is really coming from this indirect exposure we have. We're anticipating port congestion right around the timeframe, starting in that mid- to late July timeframe. And we think it's prudent and important to deliver new product for our guests and protect the sales associated with those goods. So really, the larger airfreight that I mentioned. 
Patrick Guido: Yes. Thanks, Kimberly. So I'll take those one at a time. So with regards to the airfreight, you're exactly right. We are protecting our fall deliveries, and that's why we're doing it. It's a hedge. So we're eliminating the risk. I mean there's always summers, but we're eliminating most of it by utilizing airfreight and not getting caught up in the congestion, which is we've seen this before due to tariffs, companies trying to get out ahead of it. But there is also a broader issue with carriers consolidating cargo. They refer to it as transshipments. But that's a separate issue that's related more to carriers. But that is an issue we're dealing with as well. So hopefully, that answers your question on port congestion.  On SG&A, so we are committed to modest SG&A leverage for the year. We remain focused on that. As we mentioned before, we're using strong performance to invest in current and long-term growth, and we're seeing a result from that. During this quarter, we leaned into digital marketing focused on building brand awareness, driving new guest acquisition. As Calvin talked about, we're expanding our testing of new growth vehicles, loyalty, Selfcare focus. And then we continue to invest in our North American online guest experience and data and analytics to drive conversion. So the last few quarters have seen -- we've ramped up our investment. We'll start to see the benefit of those in the back half. And for Q2, we're calling for flat on SG&A. And we see the bigger opportunities in our biggest quarters, Q3, Q4, to add leverage to SG&A. But for now, we're still making investments, and we still feel like that's the right strategy for the business. 
Patrick Guido: So Dana, it's PJ. So with regard to comp drivers, it is predominantly a traffic story. Again, traffic in store is up 8%; online, over 40%. North American conversion online had shown significant improvement due to our ongoing investment there, so we're seeing a result there. As far as AUR, UPT, they have effectively [Audio Gap] we had a relatively stable average order value or basket size. So it's predominantly a traffic story. 
