Meghan Frank: Great. Thanks, Mark. It's Meghan. I'll take the e-comm capacity and then hand it over to Calvin for men's.  So as we mentioned, we have been planning for multiple scenarios for Q4, and we feel well positioned to capture e-comm opportunity, depending on where the guest wants to shop with us. And we do see it moderating slightly from what we experienced in Q3 just in line with our overall guidance of mid- to high-teens growth relative to our 22% increase in Q3. 
Meghan Frank: Thanks, Erinn. I'll start on productivity. So we did see average productivity in our stores in Q3 at 82%, which was higher than our expectation of 75%. But given we are seeing a resurgence with COVID-19 in some markets and we are also seeing stricter capacity constraints, government-mandated capacity constraints in several markets as we head into these peak weeks, we are expecting productivity overall for the quarter to be at approximately 70%, but reaching trends in line with Q3 during non-peak weeks. And it's really driven by just the volume of store sales in Q4. In a typical year, we see a 40% to 50% lift from Q3 to Q4, which given capacity constraints and traffic impact clearly limits our opportunity to service that traffic in our stores. . 
Meghan Frank: Sure, Lorraine. It's Meghan. So we have seen higher air freight market rates, but generally sufficient availability. We do expect that we'll continue to have some air freight rate pressure in Q4, and that is reflected in the guidance that we provided of a modest increase in Q4. 
Meghan Frank: So I would say in terms of store traffic, there are lower industry trends. And I think generally speaking, more traffic is shifting to e-comm. I think that said, we do have capacity constraints, and that's impacting also our ability to put traffic to our stores. As you mentioned, we are opening approximately 100 seasonal locations that will have an operation through Q4. Those do not show up in our comp sales. They will show up on our other channels. And as you mentioned, some of those are within markets and centers where we have existing locations so that we can capitalize on that traffic flow through Q4. . 
Meghan Frank: Yes. So in terms of e-comm penetration impact on operating margin, we do, as you noted, see a higher operating margin in that channel. However, stores, which have historically been approximately 70% of our mix have seen decline in traffic and revenue. So that's contributed to some deleverage and impacted the overall profitability in the near term.  As we look into the future, we do aim to manage the business on an omni basis and remain committed to our Power of Three growth plan, which includes operating margin slightly above revenue growth over the long term. And as we mentioned, we've been planning into multiple scenarios, and that channel penetration dynamic is an important piece of that. 
Meghan Frank: Matt, it's Meghan. I'll take that. So we were pleased with the performance we saw during Thanksgiving week, and we did intentionally pull forward some seasonal activity, just given the capacity constraints as we moved further into the quarter. And we remain comfortable with the level of guidance we gave for Q4. That said, there is some uncertainty ahead of us, both with the virus and impact on store closures as well as store trends and guest behavior. So that's why our outlook for the balance of the quarter is a little lower than what we've seen to date. . 
Meghan Frank: I would think about it as more of a pull forward. And as I mentioned, we'll look -- we look to manage the business from an omni perspective. And as e-comm has accelerated, we've also somewhat pulled back on store openings, and so we'll look to balance our portfolio over the longer term as well. 
Meghan Frank: So I'll take the first part of your question. So in terms of SG&A, we're not providing specific guidance for Q4. But as I mentioned, we do expect Q4 to deleverage slightly more than what we experienced in Q3. And we do -- we do plan the business prudently and manage costs effectively as we move through the fourth quarter. That really is driven by 2 pieces that deleverage. So the first would be due to this pressure on store traffic remaining below last year's levels and the impact that has on the P&L. And the second piece would be our investment in MIRROR.  So as we mentioned, we see MIRROR as being modestly dilutive to earnings in 2020. The majority of that dilution will impact Q3 and Q4 given the seasonality of the business and the investment that we've been discussing in terms of marketing to capture new guests with the benefit really coming over the long term in that business. 
Meghan Frank: And in terms of MIRROR and overlap with lululemon, I'd say we're still very early in our integration with 18 stores open and learning a lot there. But what we did see in diligence was approximately a 50% overlap. So we do believe that the brands are very compatible, and we're excited about what we can create in the future. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. And on men's, Mark, we're really happy with the progression we've seen through Q1, Q2 through to Q3. Moving from Q2 to Q3, the men's business accelerated almost at the same rate as women's. So although it's slightly behind our women's growth, it has, in fact, accelerated faster from the Q1 impact from COVID. And it's predominantly driven by he just wasn't shopping to the same degree out of the gate as she was. And that's in the market. We continue to put on share with our men's business. We've seen him respond well to strengthen our shorts, our sweats and our hoodies. And we have seen in Q3, our fixed waistband business getting much stronger. So I'm very pleased with the acceleration of the men's business, his response to the product and see no concern. And we remain committed to our power of doubling our men's business by '23. 
Calvin McDonald: Yes. In terms of -- as we look through multiple scenarios into next year, we talked earlier about our inventory position coming out of Q1 and where we are coming out of Q3. And we continue to feel very good about our position, up 23%, down from 41% in Q1. We have the product to satisfy the demand, and our product is predominantly core, less seasonal. So we're well positioned, and we've continued to lean in to make sure that we have the product to satisfy the demand.  Our newness and innovation pipelines remain healthy, very strong, and we haven't pulled back on any of those. And that will continue to hit and flow. So we feel very good, and we're excited about the opportunity with new guests entering this category. The new guests that we've acquired through 2020 continue to build upon that and look the ways to amplify the brand.  So again, not knowing the next few months, we feel very good about our position, the flow of product, our guest engagement, our ability to continue to fuel the business and growth forward. 
Calvin McDonald: And on our product pipeline, I'll first touch on footwear. So we anticipate the back half of next year introducing the -- our introduction into the category with selling in early '22. So we're excited to share our unique point of view and innovation in that category. And as it relates to all others, the pipeline is full, and we will continue through what we've expressed before of OTM, the sizing expansion. But as we continue to invest in our activity base, be it run, train or yoga, across the categories, there's a number of innovations that we'll introduce throughout the year that will continue to fuel growth in the business. 
Calvin McDonald: Great. Thanks, Matt. I mean it's definitely with the inflections that we've seen this year through COVID with guests living a more active, healthy life and looking for more versatility in their apparel clothing, I think that all bodes well for the addressable market that we shared at the time. And what we shared at the time was we are early innings of our share of that addressable market. So I do think there are 2 forces. We will continue to gain share the addressable market, as we did in this quarter, and we shared achieving among our largest gains in our recent history. So that said, even with guests coming in and looking for versatility, we are winning at a greater rate than others. And I do believe that addressable market will only get larger.  So I think both will continue to add fuel for our business. And we're happy with our men's business and the acceleration and the growth moving forward. We know that's a big opportunity for us as a percent of share of sales as well as just awareness. And as you've indicated, our women's business is far from -- at its potential. And what we saw this quarter was new guests coming in and our existing guests broadening out from some of the core categories as we've introduced newness, as we also innovate behind those. We introduced the cloud bra. Bras has been a big opportunity for us that we see with our female guests, and they responded incredibly well -- responded and the total category lifted. And we saw a really strong share growth. So I'm excited about the continual growth in women's both through new guests as well as migrating them into new categories, fueled by our innovation, fueled by versatility of apparel, the growth of TAM and our market share potential. 
Calvin McDonald: Absolutely. We're really pleased with the holiday that MIRROR is having. We guided and raised it in the last earnings call, and we've reinforced the - in excess to that number. We're off to a very good holiday with MIRROR through November. There's lots of content and experiential innovation that's rolling out that we're announcing, for example, sweat dates, which is very unique and differentiated on the platform. We've only started rolling it out within the lululemon network. We have 18 stores today that we're learning and is becoming a great beacon and brand building opportunity and rolling it into other lululemon channels, with plans next year of going to hundreds of stores, continuing to build upon the platform. And there are some big weeks ahead.  So I like our position. I like where we are in the quarter, and there is very solid momentum behind it. And we bet with the team on inventory numbers that allow us to have units. So we're in a good stock position with 2-week SLAs. So I'm encouraged. And there are some big weeks ahead with some uncertainty. But all indication is very positive with guest response and the momentum that's fueling and building behind MIRROR. 
Calvin McDonald: And I'll just add, in terms of the multiple scenarios, we've looked at, there are a number of growth drivers that we anticipate will continue and accelerate from '20 into '21.  As I mentioned, we're excited about the growth in women's, the growth coming from not just a strong bottoms business, but an acceleration in the additional adjacent categories. And those categories are ones in which the team has been working on, newness and innovation for the past few years in bras, in tops for example, in OTM. And next year, the innovation and the addition into those categories continues as we also continue to launch newness into our bottoms business.  So I see a continual growth in the women's business. Men's is showing the pace in which it's reaccelerating, and I anticipate next year that it will be back at its momentum coming into '20 as we resume to some degree of normalcy.  The international business incredibly strong. We've learned so much this year about the power of e-commerce. And I think that will continue to allow us to drive our omni initiatives across many markets into next year.  And I'll just end with guest. We've acquired a number of exciting guests through COVID this year. One that came to us through e-commerce and haven't shopped our physical store because of a variety of constraints and the ability to migrate them into the store and have them become an omni guest. And then the increase in our omni guest portfolio within our existing a store-only guests became omni and shopped with us online and how we leverage those opportunities and continue to drive the share of spend with us going into next year.  So multiple scenarios but all very positive on the back of product and the innovation that we're launching heading into next year. 
Calvin McDonald: I believe we have an exciting opportunity with our brand to drive awareness to, therefore, drive consideration and help fuel guest acquisition and add to the growth potential that lululemon has.  We talk a lot about the unaided awareness within men's and the opportunity to recruit more men to drive the awareness behind the brand and recruit. But that also exists for women. And it exists even in our more mature markets like the U.S. and Canada, not to mention international.  So as you know, Nicky Neuberger joined us in the new role of Chief Brand Officer earlier this year, and she has already made an impact in assembling the talent of that team. And I'm excited how we're positioned heading into next year to drive into some of those initiatives and opportunities.  We see a huge opportunity around earned media, and doing more with that as well as just the current initiatives we deploy to drive awareness and recruit. So you'll definitely see in '21 an increased effort and tactics of how we go within North America, but also internationally to tackle some of the opportunities we have with the brand and driving awareness and consideration. 
