Rob Goldstein: Thank you, Dan, and good afternoon, and a very good early morning to our colleagues in Asia. Just a brief comment then we’ll go right to Q&A. Our results continue to reflect the pandemic’s impact. We did generate positive EBITDA of $244 million a quarter, about the same as the first quarter. Our Macao performance reflected sequential improvement, but pandemic-related travel restrictions continued to impact our performance. We do remain confident in the eventual recovery in both Macao and Singapore, and we cannot define the timing of the full recovery, but it’s underway and will continue in 2021. Singapore remains in the $500 million to $600 million range annually, although the second quarter was impacted by heightened pandemic-related restrictions for a portion of the quarter. We will also be subject to closures of both portions of MBS from today to August 5th as part of COVID-19-related protocols. This will obviously have a negative impact on Q3 results. In addition, there remains no visibility as to when air traffic will return in Singapore. Unlike Macao, it is difficult to project additional EBITDA from MBS until the resumption of air travel. Our considerable investment in Macao continues to take shape. As the market recovers Four Seasons and the Londoner will represent growth opportunities, and we continue to have the largest footprint in this incredible market. China continues to demonstrate economic resilience. The spending in Macao is very strong at the premium mass level for both in gaming and retail perspective you may want to reference Page 29 and 30 in your deck. We do have great optimism about our ability to perform to pre-pandemic levels once visitation returns, and our company is dividing into three areas, the Asian portfolio in Macao and Singapore. While we believe Macao will accelerate in the second half of this year and lead the recovery, Singapore will follow upon the resumption of air travel. We are confident we’ll return to a $5 billion-plus EBITDA from Asia in the future. The sale of the Las Vegas assets creates liquidity and vast optionality to explore large land-based destination resorts in the United States and Asia. And finally, we’re in the early innings of building out our digital presence. We’re exploring multiple opportunities at the present and we are eager to have this effort become material to our company in the years ahead and we’ll update you at the appropriate time. Let’s take some questions.
Rob Goldstein: And just to follow-up, Joe, on Wilfred’s comments, we remain very comfortable with our position. We have to be patient, but there will be resolution. As you know, we’ve said numerous times, we’ve led the efforts in Macao for a diversified approach to development. We’ve gone above and beyond. Sheldon was the guy behind the Cotai development. We invested US$15-plus and we continue to follow the government’s advice and direction. So we remain very confident and very patient waiting for the government’s decision. But no real change, nothing new, but we’ve not altered our belief that we’re in a very good position, very comfortable.
Rob Goldstein: I am going to give it to Patrick, except for one. I’ll say this before Patrick jumps in. We remain very committed to Singapore to withstand our presence and footprint. Obviously, COVID has thrown a monkey wrench, a big monkey wrench in this whole thing. But this is an extraordinary market. We are going to invest in Singapore. We’ve done very well there and the addition is going to happen. I think the timeframe really depends on the ability to go back to work in the construction area and getting things back in line. I think we’ve lost 2021, we’re heading to 2022. So, again, we’re committed and I’ll ask Patrick to provide more color because he’s dealt with the government directly.
Rob Goldstein: Not at this time, Carlo. We’ve had inquiries from a lot of parties there. We tried very hard. There’s a lot of money and a lot of human capital worked there in the last 10 years, 15 years and we left with a feeling that there was just too much uncertainty for us. We can always revisit something based on a change in circumstance, but at this point, we remain on the sidelines.
Rob Goldstein: Well, in the U.S., you know of our efforts in New York, which we shutdown because New York did not resolve that issue. So that’s not available at this time. Texas, we remain very committed to pursuing. I think it’s a couple years away. But I think there’s a real chance down the road back in Texas doing something down there. There’s some recent news there in Florida. We put a new order in Florida. If we can get some opportunity, we’re going to look past there in 2022, because we’re successfully gathering signatures to get a vote in the fall of 2022 for a land-based opportunity. In the U.S., that’s all at this point we’re looking at. Obviously, we’ve discussed Japan, although, previously. Our best opportunities are to reinvest in Macao and Singapore because those places have proven huge successes. And I think when you’re as fortunate as we are to have made $5-plus billion when we build out there, who knows what, but there’s a lot of running room in both Singapore and Macao. Frankly, they remain our biggest focus, because they’re so extraordinary and hard to duplicate anywhere in the world. And I think that’s our focus right now is getting MBS things to up, and hopefully, late in the fall, we can invest more in Macao. The Londoner will be completed later this year or 2022, Four Seasons. We would love to deploy more capital in Asia. I think the broad opportunity is interesting. We’ll see when we have the ability to get there. But it’s hard to find things as extraordinary as the two places we operate today.
Rob Goldstein: Well, I think, you’re saying, you’re looking at Singapore as opposed to Macao you said right, Thomas? I think…
Rob Goldstein: Well, VIP, as you know, right now it’s a closed market, just locals only. So you do trading mostly exclusively on people who are living in Singapore and that maybe people residing during the pandemic. You might get an extra push from some of the folks who have moved to Singapore to wait out the pandemic as part of the reason. But I don’t think you can look at our numbers at this point and really make a whole lot of inference as a future, because it’s so -- without having -- look at the slot business there, it’s so outsized and yet it’s surprising us how well it’s doing because that never was the case that kind of performance. You have people that can’t leave, they are stuck in Singapore. The same way people can’t leave, they are stuck in Singapore right now on the high end. So I think it’s hard to make inferences looking into the future. It’s probably a trend. It’s just an anomaly. I think that’s going to be the case until this thing resolves and there’s air traffic in and out of Singapore. You’ll see these trends both good and bad that are confusing. And I think in the case of it’s very difficult to look at Singapore’s numbers and come up with a clear direction where it goes and the slot performance confused all of us initially and now you realize a lot of people who travel outside Singapore are staying to gamble. The same probably holds true on the high end on the Chinese nationals to be residing in Singapore during the pandemic. So I am not sure you can make a whole lot of long-term trends based on what we’re seeing today in Singapore.
Rob Goldstein: Well, thank you for the question. Actually, China is not lacking in vaccines. Actually, they export quite a lot of vaccines. But the truth, if you look at the statistics, China today has already administered 1.5 billion doses of vaccine. Now that really means that over 50%, 60% of the population has been vaccinated and if you assume everyone has two doses, then that represents 53%. And they are still vaccinating at over 10 million doses a day. So what it means is, every 25 days, they can increase that vaccination rate by 10%. Now, that is also to some extent true for Hong Kong and Macao. Hong Kong already administered 5 million doses and its vaccination rate is already over 40%. Macao administered 460,000 doses. That’s also over 40% of the population. So we’re quite confident that if China continues in that rate and with the increase of vaccination rate by about 10% per 25 days, when you come to winter, almost the whole population like 90%, 80%, would be vaccinated. Now, I think once we reach that level, that travel bubble within China, including Hong Kong and Macao is really possible. Now what you have seen in the news is that because China adopts a non-tolerance policy towards COVID, so whenever there’s some outbreak in certain areas in the country, it’s widely reported and they immediately go back to lockdown. And that’s why I think the best scenario in the short-term is a travel bubble between China, Hong Kong and Macao, because they are so concerned about the importation of COVID cases, especially with the variant cases.
Patrick Dumont: Sure. Happy too. Thanks, Robin. So a few points. I think our brand is very strong. I think we have decades of established brand and high-quality operations and a great relationship with customers. We think that’s very powerful to your point. One thing we’re thinking about is we’re really investing for the future. We take a very long-term approach. We’re still evaluating a lot of different opportunities. I think B2B presents a very significant opportunity for us. Davis has a great history and we’re really looking forward to him getting started and we’re happy that he joined us. I think we’ll provide updates as we make progress. It’s still very early stages. But we’re looking forward to be able to deploy capital over many years and really look at this from the long-term and create a lot of long-term shareholder value. And I think in the future, you’ll see us looking at other things and other opportunities. As Rob said on other calls, we’re going to be very patient. We’re going to be prudent and we’re going to look for opportunities where we see ways to create real value in the long-term. So I don’t think this is the last thing you’ll see from us. But I think it’s really just the beginning and we’re looking forward to seeing this thing evolve over time. So as we make progress, we’ll definitely provide more updates.
Patrick Dumont: It’s a very fair point. And I think, interestingly, our company has seen a lot of changes in the last 12 months. And I think one of the things that we thought about when we considered this is that we really are conflicting. The operation, which we -- the markets in which we operate going forward are going to be Singapore and Macao. And so from that standpoint, it’s really a limited universe of people who are our true competitive set clearly in some of the larger geographies where a B2B services model could really be productive. So I think from our standpoint, we are a little bit neutral. Like we believe we are from the sense that in a lot of the markets that we might look to target, we don’t have any land-based operations and don’t have any B2C operations where we could find customers from a B2B business model standpoint. So we feel pretty good about it.
Patrick Dumont: Thanks, Rob. I think the key thing is what Rob just said, which is there’s a certain amount of uncertainty around the timing and availability of when we can actually get things done. A lot of the early parts of this project required us to work with certain government agencies to seek their approval and to work with them collaboratively to ensure that we fulfill the obligations and their desires as well as part of this project. It’s a very tight sight. It’s eight acres. There’s a lot of programming, a lot of density and a lot of things that have to be worked through, and a lot of things have to be integrated into the current environment to make it right. And so we’re starting to work with some of those things. But as a practical matter, the nature of the construction project of this complexity and size would always be challenging in a normal environment. So I think we’re just trying to be cautious and make sure that we understand all of the different parameters around labor and construction timelines before we say that this is a schedule that is not achievable or is achievable. I think a lot of it depends on the environment and how things go in terms of concession, excuse me, COVID recovery over the next couple of months. We’ll have a much better view at that time. But right now, I think, we’re just -- we’re cautiously optimistic. We’re going to continue to work with the government and hopefully have an opportunity to get going sooner rather than later.
Patrick Dumont: So it’s a very interesting question. It’s something that we’ve been looking at for a while and we continue to look at. It’s an interesting comment about valuations. I think there’s been a lot of optimism in the market, call it, the last six months to 12 months, and valuations have definitely moved around a lot in the last few weeks. I think the key thing for us is we’re really building for the long-term and so when we look at things we’re really going to take a long-term view of value and if we do acquire something, it’s going to be for the reason that it fits into a much larger broader strategy and something where we see long-term value creation by owning it. I also think we’re not necessarily looking to take big bites right away. I think this is something we’re going to look to develop it over time in the prudent manner and sort of build more and then maybe buy where it makes sense. I don’t think you’ll see us go out and make a splash by using Las Vegas sale proceeds in any large transformational acquisition unless there’s some really compelling reason why we have to do it. But that’s not our focus. Our focus is to build the product, get the culture right, get the opportunity right and then make acquisitions as they fit in with the overall strategy.
Patrick Dumont: It’s a pretty broad range. I’ll tell you that, our goal is really, I don’t know that we provide a lot of value at the angel stage. We might be able to help some people, but I am not really sure that that’s where we provide sort of the most value. I think from our standpoint, if we can get kind of earlier-stage and mid-stage, but again fitting into a larger strategy, that’s where we’ll look to be really effective. I think things that are much larger that would be transformational in the $1 billion range. We would have to have a really good reason to do it and I think we would want to be operating for a while to understand why that would make sense for us. But I don’t think we’re going to buy our way into a business. I think we’re going to develop our way into a business and look to see how acquisitions help enhance that approach.
Patrick Dumont: There’s one other comment that might be helpful, which is the way we’re sort of thinking about it, is that the investment in the product really matter. And so if you look at what we’ve done during the pandemic, we spent a lot of time and deployed a lot of capital in sort of enhancing the offering that we have. So when there is a recovery, we have better capacity and a more competitive product. It is a product driven industry. And so from our standpoint, the way we think about the long-term is the level of investment that we put in during the pandemic, so we can position ourselves in a more strong way when the recovery happens. So I wouldn’t look at the rolling volumes now and you -- to indicate anything. I think you should look at the fact that we’ve been able to deploy capital, create higher quality products, create higher quality experience for our customers and that way we’re stronger positioned on the other side and that’s how we’re really approaching it.
Patrick Dumont: I couldn’t agree with you more and I think that the great thing about it is we have a lot of opportunity in front of us, right? I can’t tell you which one of these options hopefully all of them become available but probably. And the great thing is that we’ve just invested $2.2 billion in Macao. We feel very strongly about the market and the potential to invest more post-concession renewal. We feel very strongly about the expansion in Singapore and our long-term commitment. Singapore is a very unique tourist destination and a high quality of earnings potential that we’ll get from Singapore. And then looking to the U.S., these are just great locations. And looking at the digital opportunity, we feel really strongly about the returns and the potential growth that’s in this area. So from a company standpoint, five years from now, we could be looking like a very different company in terms of our scale. And to Rob’s point earlier, I think, our balance sheet and the capability that the liquidity from the sale of Las Vegas presents allows us to pursue all these opportunities. So we’re very bullish about it.
Patrick Dumont: So I think the key thing to note is, we have a very skilled team and a great platform. We have a very strong corporate culture. We have just the ability to execute on a variety of different things and I think we have the capital to have patience and invest for the long-term. And so I think this is going to be a business that will require separate people, separate infrastructure and be distinct. That being said, it will benefit from being part of our larger organization. So much like Singapore and Macao are part of a global team, they have things that are specific to them that they have to deal with and so will this business. But it will benefit from being part of the larger organization.
