Robert Goldstein: Hi, Joe, it's Rob. I'll take - I want to take the first part of the question. They are 2 different markets, Macao and Singapore. As you know, Macao visitation based on public reports is down as much as 80%. It's not nearly as dire in Singapore. There has been some adverse impacts but nowhere near the same level of problem in Singapore as Macao has [ph] there. As to our operating, you know our business is revenue dependent. There's no way to hide from the fact we employ tens of thousands of people in these markets. And it's an expensive business to operate. And in the same way operating leverage swings your direction when volumes are good, it swings again too at times like this. And we're going to do our best. We'll do all the paid time off, all things we can do to mitigate but I think it would be silly to think that we can make a material impact on operating costs. They're real. And they -- and that's the problem with these businesses when this kind of thing hits. Having said that, we've been - just before, we've been through a lot of years of problems in Macao and Singapore and Las Vegas when things like this happen, and this storm will pass. We don't know when. We do know at best is we'll be first in line in each of our markets to be the biggest investor, most aggressed in Macao. We've shown our strength in our things of that [ph] market, extraordinary market. When it returns, we'll return with it and do very, very well and keep investing. But I think it would be foolhardy to think we can reduce costs enough to offset what's happening in the - if this 80% decline continues. That's a real problem for any operator. Your second question, I didn't address, but I'm trying to get…
Robert Goldstein: Yes, yes. So let's break it apart. We had a great base mass quarter, I think up at almost 9%, 8.9% or something like that. So base mass, we were - I think our strongest base mass performance in our history, which we were delighted with and that remains a core part of our success. You're right, the premium mass business was not as strong but still not a bad performance. I think what really is happening here, I wouldn't blame on what happened in the market as much as we are under construction in Four Seasons and in Londoner. And I think - as you know, this market is based upon product. Like most gaming, especially Macao, better product wins the day. We're soon going to open up all the suites of the Four Seasons, all the suites of the Londoner by the end of the year and St. Regis. And I'm pretty confident we'll not just be the leader in premium mass but, by far, the leader. I think the success of the other products in the market demonstrates what happens when you build a quality product in Macao, people show up for it. I think our Four Seasons product, which is extraordinary, 290 keys. Base - the size of room between 2,000 and 4,000 feet. St. Regis, equally powerful, and Londoner. I think we're looking at a whole new offering from SCL once these things open up. So I'm very confident our premium mass business will reflect as our [ph] base mass business, strong growth in the time ahead. As you know, we're the biggest investor in Macao, we're the most committed. And these $2.2 billion worth of investments that Sheldon and the Board authorized will pay off enormously in '21 and beyond, and '20 as well.
Robert Goldstein: No, I just think we're seeing a shift to more -- I mean our business, as you know, is driven by - we have a gaming component but the non-gaming is powerful. If we can make $500 million a year in Vegas every year, I'd be okay with that. The margins fall a few points. I think what you're saying is - one thing you should realize that our business is that we are driven - I mean the - forget the rooms and the slot machines and the gaming business but look at our revenues coming out of convention center, almost $200 million this year of revenue coming out of banquets and convention-related services, which is extraordinary. And I think that's becoming more and more indicative where our business is heading. So I would gladly, as we keep going, and I think we will keep going towards $500 million and beyond, I would gladly trade a few points of margin for more growth in non-gaming. Our gaming performance is good. But as you know, visitation from the -- from Asia is not as strong at the super high-end baccarat, which has been one of the strengths of Las Vegas. But again, we're overjoyed [ph] with the $500 million a year. And if we trade a point or 2 of margin here and there, we're pretty happy. Nothing extraordinary, nothing out the ordinary.
Robert Goldstein: Carlo, I just -- Carlo, it's Rob. Let me jump in and just echo a comment on that. No question, we hear from customers in Asia, the importance of resolution of trade war, especially for entrepreneurs and business people who reside in the provinces in China. I think it's very helpful. The war comes to an end. We'll see more confidence. We'll see more growth in their businesses. It translates across all segments but primarily in the premium mass segment, which is so important to success in Macao. So it's very, very helpful and bodes well for the future of our business and our competitors in Macao.
Robert Goldstein: Steve, it's Rob. We don't anticipate any slowdown as a result of the virus. Obviously, it depends on what happens in Macao but as we speak today, we saw no indication of all of that. And we're full speed ahead on all of our projects in Macao.
Robert Goldstein: Yes. We really can't determine that. I think it's -- I think Singapore has always been, for us, a - it's such an interesting place, great country to visit, culturally in sync with the foreign visitation. As you know, the visa - the increased levy entrance has made us pivot more and more towards foreign visitation, and we continue to grow that property in terms of quality of product and entertainment and service to make it more desirable for that customer. So whether - I don't know what - they're pivoting at any place, but I think we want to make that product so damn good that people want to come more often to Singapore. It's an incredible product in so many ways, a great country to operate in, very favorable to foreign visitation. So we're very pleased about it. And I think our strength there, I believe, will continue to grow. I think as we invest more - again, we - our history has always been the same. We invest heavily in the right places. And Singapore is the right place. We're making a huge commitment, both in Towers 1, 2 and 3 as well as our new addition, the Arena, et cetera. So I think our future in Singapore is very bright and that's why we're putting billions of dollars to work there.
Robert Goldstein: Sure. To your question, December clearly was the problem child in the end of the quarter. I think that's true of all of our competitors in the market as well. Now it was a great October, we thought we were heading for a massive quarter and then it slowly declined as the quarter went on. As for the - we didn't see any effect from this virus. The first 21 days was a pretty - if this call had been a week or 2 ago, it would be a whole different type of conversation. But very strong in January. I think the market was strong, visitation was good. So it's a real comeuppance to have this whole thing, the visitation being down, I think it's 80% market-wide at this point. But there was no signs in early January of this disruption. It's a recent occurrence.
Robert Goldstein: Yeah. Felicia, we don't get into that. We don't want to break out the first 21 days other than say visitation was strong and it reflected more of a fourth quarter trend. VIP, as you know, is an enigma. We don't know when it gets better. I've been wrong so often, particularly its demise, I won't make that mistake again. I think VIP will resurrect. I think Sheldon's comments about the trade war are indicative of the market that the entrepreneurs who populate the VIP segment, be it junket or an ongoing [ph] direct are influenced by their businesses and their success. And I think there's a day in the future where premium mass will blossom, keep blossoming, but it's more product-driven. I think the trade wars resolution will be very helpful in China and very helpful for Macao in general.
Robert Goldstein: That's -- Sheldon's right. Across the board, all of our employees now have masks in all the areas. And to Sheldon's point, screening is part of our business now today. And Wilford and Grant and the team are in constant contact with the government. We speak daily. And the government - we - our job is to protect our employees, our team there and to help the government every way possible to be good corporate citizens in respect to people of Macao, respect to people of China and be as contributory as we can to the resolution of this crisis. And we've done that. We're there. We've actually -- we're looking into our contribution, a monetary contribution into helping into China and Macao, protecting our dealers. So that's job one, and we are in constant communication to mass...
Robert Goldstein: Yeah. It started with dealers, but then we went to everybody and masks are in short supply. We're trying to get more supplies to make contributions. And Sheldon and the family have asked us to look into what else we can do to help Macao recover and help the government.
Robert Goldstein: We - so we don't - I'll say this. We've been there for what? 18 years, 19 years. And I think Sheldon's contribution, this company's contribution is a - as the biggest investor in Macao speaks for itself. We are - we're raging bulls on Macao's future. We think the last 20 years were great. We look forward to being the biggest investor in the next 20 years. And our goal is to invest billions of dollars in Macao. We have had conversations with the government repeatedly about our desire to invest heavily to make Macao everything it can be. It's already the most important city in the world, in the gaming world. We want to see it become the most important city in the MICE, leisure destination business. We like to see more families, more kids, more everybody. And that takes more rooms, that takes more MICE space, that takes more retail, more leisure activity. This city has the potential, with the airports and the bridge, the infrastructure to become the most visited city in the world. It could happen. It had the rooms, the demand is there. The supply has to grow.
Robert Goldstein: Yes. I mean Sheldon's been very vocal about his willingness to invest heavily. He -- we've spoken with the government over the years about that. There's no surprise that we feel. And as the authors of the current - the Cotai success story, I think Sheldon has listened to pretty well. We can't speak to what the government plans to do. We don't know. We simply wait for their advice and their direction and we adhere to that. But we've been very vocal on our willingness to invest. We want to see Macao reach full potential. I think that Macao is - it's in its infancy. Vegas, in the mid-'90s, we built The Venetian was considered a mature city. And it turns out, the next 25 years are way better than the first 25 years. I think Macao is in that same point where as good looks today, Macao has so much potential to do so much more. And we have been raging components of that city's growth and that city's maturation beyond gaming into a non-gaming destination. That's our hope. That's our desire. We await the advice and direction of the government, but Mr. Adelson and the Board is excited to invest in Macao's big, big future.
Robert Goldstein: I missed the last part, Robin, but I don't think we can quantify. It's very hard to sit there, very honestly, and tell you that the downturn in Macao drove customers into Singapore. I think what drives people into Singapore is Singapore. It's a very desirable destination. It's a very desirable building. We think we can continue to grow foreign visitation. We continue to invest heavily in making the product better in terms of service and quality of room. So I don't look to Macao's demise to help Singapore's growth. I think...
Robert Goldstein: We don't want to break it out, but I think we'll treat the quarter as a whole. I don't think - I wouldn't break it out. I wouldn't do it anyway, but I don't think you need to. The quarter was solid across the board. It was - Singapore had a nice, solid, rolling business, an ongoing business, a strong visitation. It's just a good month, a good quarter in Singapore across the board. I don't think Singapore - you might look at - obviously, as this virus continues, that might be an interesting thing to look at the future. But we believe Singapore, unto itself, is a powerful product in a powerful country that will prosper and grow as we reinvest heavily in it.
Robert Goldstein: As well as we've done over there, we think there's a lot of room to grow, though. We honestly believe we can do a lot better in Singapore and that's why we're investing in the future of Singapore.
Robert Goldstein: Sure. Two things, we cannot -- at the level of visitation decline we're experiencing, I think it would be silly for us to break out. If all 80% of the market, it's -- every segment's being affected. Let's not be - let's not try to be cute about this. It's across the board. Every segment is in decline for every property. There's no way to be any more honest than that. As for pent-up demand, I'm a big believer in pent-up demand. The fact there - and in fact, this is killing Chinese New Year, so I think we'll - when this does resolve, whether it's next month or next quarter - I don't know when it will resolve. I don't want to pretend to know. There's a very good article in the journal today about the history of these viruses in the last 60, 70 years and they get solved. With the Hong Kong flu, the Russian flu, the Asian flu, the flu I had when I was 12 years old, they resolved. And they will resolve this time, whether that's February or March, I don't know. But when it does resolve, Macao's going to be very, very, very busy because whether you know it or not, these folks like to gamble. And we have the biggest and best properties in Macao. They will come back in force. And it's a very, very wonderful market. We're delighted to be there. It's a very strong government that we like working with, and I think the brighter day will come very quickly for Macao. We just don't know when that happens. But you can count on pent-up demand. Believe me, you - there will be a lot of people there the day that virus is resolved, and we'll be happy to serve them and welcome them back. So it's a fair question, a good question, and I have a very strong answer. Yes, pent-up demand's a real issue in a place like Macao.
Sheldon Adelson: Oh, okay. Well, October was a terrific month in Macao, extraordinary month in Macao. It decelerated, as you might imagine, with the visit from the President, as it has in the past, no surprise there. Deceleration really happened in December, I think that's again, predictable. So I guess, you'd look - the month is - the quarter is October extraordinary, November strong and December was soft. No big surprise. I think we'd reflect the market in that respect. A very different place in December than it was in October. And I think that's all I can say on that issue. It's pretty clear to everybody.
Sheldon Adelson: I think that it's the perception that the China - the trade negotiations with China and the contradictions that are inherent there are just perceived. I don't think that they're doing very much. I think people think that if President Trump puts on tariffs on different imports from China that - and then China reciprocates by putting tariffs on the stuff in from the U.S. I talked to my friend, Steven Mnuchin when I was at The White House for the signing of the China trade agreement. And he says that they're moving forward, probably moving forward faster than what the people would expect for Phase 2 of the resolution of the so-called trade war. So although it's perceived to be a problem, it's - in reality, it's not causing much of a problem.
Sheldon Adelson: I hope we don't have to answer the question. I hope it goes away and resolves quick enough. It's not an issue for us.
Sheldon Adelson: Well, the government wants us to measure the temperature of the visitation and to see if there's anybody that's got the virus. And they requested that we put masks on all our dealers, everybody in the casino, we've done that and whatever else, whatever other details.
Sheldon Adelson: Look at the mall in Singapore. If that mall were in the United States, it would be the highest grossing mall in the country. $2,000 a foot. Now we have a mall in the Four Seasons in Macao that does like $5,000 a foot in U.S. dollars in sales. So it's been around the other malls on Orchard Road.
Sheldon Adelson: That's a great - the second part of your question fascinates me. I am curious if there's an - we don't have the answer today. But I've asked the team to explore that very question. Is there a chance to accelerate construction process in Macao during this slowdown? I don't know the answer to that. So I won't represent. I will tell you, having been there a couple of weeks ago in the Londoner, walked through it, it was comical. And I thought of people on this call as I walked through dust and jackhammers and construction everywhere and the customers and staff, the multitude [ph] playing like crazy. And I did laugh myself. I said, "I feel like I'm making up a bad story here to say disruption will happen. I think it will happen. I just don't understand why people keep coming. I guess the rooms are so valuable. We're right now in the middle of building 10 new restaurants, we're in the middle of blowing up a casino over there and redoing it, in the middle of - all the Londoner rooms are in construction, St. Regis. There's a lot of people in that building working on it to make it disruptive, and yet, they're not being disrupted. We keep getting visitations. The quarter was very, very good. And I hope I'm a liar and wrong that this market will eventually stop coming to the SEC as it transitions into Londoner. However, having been there and saw with my own two eyes, I had to stop and chuckle, how busy it was and the rooms remain -- again, Macao is underserved from a lodging perspective. You realize that when you walk to Londoner, you realize people are sleeping manner. They're not necessarily coming for the properties. It's not a destination property, but they're sleeping there and they're gambling there. And it's just extraordinary to watch. If that building were in Las Vegas, there wouldn't be a soul in there. But in China, it was a much different story. So we continue to tell you, when you build a brand-new casino, brand-new facade, redo 1,200 keys, build the St. Regis, rip the facade off, someday, there will be some disruption. I just don't know when.
