Robert G. Goldstein: Well, obviously, we're a mass-driven, that's our calling card in the past and I think in the future, that wouldn't preclude though us from participating in the junket segment. Actually, we're redoing all of our rooms and I think we're making a concerted effort to keep pushing hard in the junket segment. Obviously, the margins in that segment are nominal compared to mass segment. But we certainly want to be a junket house and have junket participation for the direct profitability and also the other benefits to the premium mass segment. So, let's have no confusion, we want to be in the junket business for sure in Macao.
Robert G. Goldstein: There was never really a change for us historically. We allocate rooms based on profitability, be it junket, be it premium mass, be it mass or just cash customers. We ran 86% occupancy across the portfolio. We're very pleased by that. And I think the difference to us than most people I think it reflects our ability to sell 13,000 sleeping rooms and yet still take care of the casino customers. And I think one thing you should think about with us is we've successfully enhanced our business model and market initiatives to adapt to the continued evolution of the Chinese consumer, mobile, social media, e-commerce. We successfully leveraged social media product placement in our diverse non-gaming offerings to build an industry-leading online mobile social media presence in China. I mean, at The Parisian alone, we have 3.6 billion digital impressions. The Venetian and Parisian are two top, the most searched Macao properties on both Baidu and Weibo. And in WeChat, we've got more followers than any of the Macao companies combined, all the companies combined. So, again, we believe very much in selling hotel rooms because we have a large platform of 13,000 sleeping rooms but profitability is guided by each segment, be it casino, be it cash sales, be it junket. So, we're open-minded at all those segments, but our key is keep our rooms busy, occupied, and producing lots of EBITDA.
Robert G. Goldstein: Sure. Well, let's be clear, we obviously had a stellar quarter, which was driven by the rolling segment and with stronger volumes and above-average hold percentage which helped MBS too, I think it was our second best quarter in the history of the property since we opened. The non-rolling...
Robert G. Goldstein: Yeah, long time ago. The non-rolling table and slot ETG volumes were stable, although they didn't grow, a little disappointing and the lodging component was soft and usual because the Singapore lodging market is softer. But I think this quarter reflects the many opportunities of profit we have to drive our business at MBS even ex the large hold percentage, we delivered about $385 million of normalized EBITDA, which sets up the potential for a huge year this year at MBS. There's nothing new there in terms of marketing strategies. What we are doing is reducing commissions in the rolling segment to enhance our profitability and enhance our margins. We successfully keep pushing back on the commissions and testing the waters to see how far we can go. You'll see the enhanced profitability in the rolling segment this quarter. And we play lucky, let's be clear. We had a lot of luck this quarter, probably about $100 million of increased hold. But having said that, we're very pleased that in a quarter where the usual drivers were absent, we didn't see the big lodging component, we didn't see the big component coming out of the non-rolling slot ETG segment. We still delivered great results and it was all about the very high end and playing a bit lucky. But I would again look at the commission structure and how it's changing. I think we run about 65%-35% in terms of the composite market EBITDA in Singapore. And so, we're very proud of the results there, albeit our traditional drivers were a little absent this quarter.
Robert G. Goldstein: Right. It's a good question, Joe. First of all, we are the market leader in Macao, and market EBITDA leader. We once hit $3 billion of EBITDA there a few years ago and our goal is to return to that place again. We will absolutely invest aggressively in all aspects of Macao, be it SCC, be it The Parisian. The Parisian had a nice quarter. We think we can do better. It's based on mass volume and I think it's based on the terrific job by the team there and the digital platform. And we're very pleased with our best performance at The Parisian. But we believe there's a lot more profitability. It has extraordinary curbside appeal. It has extraordinary connectivity, the Four Seasons. It's a very glamorous property inside the building, the casino. What it lacks is a better room product to address the premium mass. We're addressing, we're spending aggressively now. You'll see some of that product come onboard in early 2018 and by the end of 2018 be completed. But I think once that's done, The Parisian's going to be a very, very strong competitor and do much better than the $106 million this quarter. We're very proud of the product, we made some changes there which most people do if they open a property. We recognize the enormous appeal to premium mass. And we think we can do a lot better at The Parisian. We're very pleased that Sheldon referenced the growth of the Four Seasons that seems to be benefiting both from a retail and gaming perspective from the connectivity to The Parisian and The Venetian. And we are reinvesting in The Venetian right now. We're actually at 500 rooms out of order this quarter. We stood our room count down considerably, about 20% which impacted The Venetian's results. So we're going to spend aggressively in Macao. We are big believers, we're grateful to be there, it's a magnificent market. We are the leader in EBITDA, have been for years, and the biggest investor in the market. And that won't change. We're going to drive more revenue and as this mass gaming story evolves, we plan to be a very, very big participant and grow our EBITDA.
Robert G. Goldstein: I think things are pretty steady there, Shaun. I think, we – unless I'm confused a little bit – our growth in the mass, Felicia's comments about base mass and premium mass indicates to me we have healthy growth in both those segments and we have healthy margins frankly at 33% or so. I'd take it anytime. As far as the competitive environment, I think it's obviously a very competitive operating environment. But from our perspective, it revolves around the base premium mass segments. And we've not seen unreasonable competitive pressure. I think it's actually very reasonable. We did see some obviously price cutting on the hotel side a few quarters ago, and even that's bouncing back, ADRs are improving. And so, I think the market there is rather rational and reasonable and measured, and I think it will continue. As long as we keep seeing these double-digit increases in revenue and people aren't chasing the customers, I think that environment remains very reasonable to work in, and we're very happy with the environment.
Robert G. Goldstein: Yeah. As we addressed, Singapore had an unusual quarter because we did have large volumes relative to the past – past year or so in the rolling. And obviously, when you hold well, that skews things a bit. But I think if you step back, and even with the rather soft lodging market and a softer non-rolling table segment in the market, we did pretty well, margins held up pretty well. And again, I think the power of MBS is evident this quarter by the fact that we had less traditional drivers, yet we had the high-end emerge and we held lucky. So, I think margins like that are reasonable, and you can believe in them long term.
Robert G. Goldstein: Shaun, I think, one other thing to note is the margin that you're seeing there is based on the operating leverage of the business. So, that if Marina Bay Sands continues to develop a better mass business over time, if we continue to have the VIP growth that we're seeing. Eventually, we'll continue to scale and you'll see some margin expansion in that business.
Robert G. Goldstein: So, to reference, Shaun, just one more thing about Marina Bay Sands, and about how we think about that asset, and obviously, we're very proud of it. It's the reference point for an exemplary IR. Anywhere you're going, whether it'd be in Asia, South America or the U.S. And on page 24 of the deck, I think one of the reasons why is we've invested aggressively in world class entertainment, Remember that list of action with Rolling Stones to Michael Bublé to Elton John to Aerosmith, Diana Ross, et cetera, Asian acts. All kinds of top-tier K-pop and J-pop; sports, boxing, theatrical. It's a pretty impressive place. We are the touchpoint in that part of the world for entertainment in Singapore coupled with the view Sheldon referenced. As we travel to new jurisdictions, we're very proud of the fact that it seems to be the place that everybody talks about, as what they want to have in their backyard. So be it entertainment, be it MICE, be it retail, we reinvest heavily and want to keep this superb asset looking like it looks and leading the way. So...
Robert G. Goldstein: Yeah, a few things just to think about. We referenced The Parisian. We're in the midst of converting into some suite product over there. It'll come on line in Chinese New Years and throughout the year. Otherwise, The Parisian – we're adding a restaurant or two restaurants in the gaming floor. We just finished redoing all the rooms and suites in the Four Seasons. We're making changes to all of our junket rooms we have in 100% of the junket areas. Obviously, adding all the new smoking rooms like our competitors for 2019 finish date. The Venetian right now would be having another 500 rooms on top of the 500 rooms we did last year, where we have in the entire casino floor. We constantly are adding restaurants, right now about 11 restaurants in the Macao are being changed up from new product to rehab. I can't stress enough how much we recognize in highly competitive markets with very, very good competitors. I was in Macao last month and we walked through the new products and even the older ones and they're very, very good. So, we're aggressively spending money in all of Macao. MBS room rehab across the board and casino update, refresh and we've just finished the new slot room there. So there's no place we aren't spending money, and it goes throughout, be it night clubs, be it restaurants, be it casino floor. We're aggressive, we're investors, we love the products we own, and we're going to be spending money throughout this year and next to rehab a lot of places. So no lack of capital expenditures.
Robert G. Goldstein: We're showing occupancy at 97%, rent is about $1,480 a foot. And it looks to me like the operating profit is about $35.1 million for the quarter.
Robert G. Goldstein: Or on page nine in the release, we've got mall revenue. That's $40 million in 2017 and $40 million in 2016.
Robert G. Goldstein: Hi. It's Rob. We've not had any significant changes in Marina Bay Sands. It's pretty flat year-on-year but I don't think we'll get some detail on that but I don't believe we had a $16 million quarter last year.
Robert G. Goldstein: Yeah. If you look back a year ago, it was $6.7 million a year ago in Q2 of 2016, so a nice growth year-on-year, but Q-on-Q it's flat and obviously Chinese New Year fell in Q1, so it's a nice stable run rate of $35 million, $36 million.
Robert G. Goldstein: Yeah. I think it's been stable the last year or two. As you know, it's fallen off terrifically from the early days when there was belief we could do $50 million or $60 million, but I think currently we're running in the $35 million-plus range. I think that's realistic. As you know and I think it bears repeating that this is a highly concentrated segment that a couple of dozen players can make a difference in a quarter, but we feel like we're running at a more stable rate the last three quarters – the $8.2 billion, $8.9 billion, $8.7 billion, range. But bear in mind, a year ago we dropped down to $6.7 billion, so a big increase year-on-year. But this market, especially in Singapore, it's like Las Vegas, 10, 20 people can make a difference. And so, I would caution you always to keep in mind it's volatile and concentrated.
Robert G. Goldstein: We've always been interested in both those locations and I think that's no surprise to anybody. We're cautious, I think in Korea, at this point, there's nothing really to talk about. We have been actively involved in trying to make ourselves known in Japan. We've been there several times, quite a bit, and we're hoping that process goes well and hoping we'll be considered for a license at some point. We're very bullish on Japan and very much hopeful that the process completes some time later this year. Stay tuned and see what happens. We're hopeful.
Robert G. Goldstein: I think Carlo, you know, that this quarter was disappointing in terms of the lodging component which is more and more important in Las Vegas. But, George Markantonis who runs the building tells me that this summer looks better to him, group business is picking up considerably. And he thinks the second half, he will do well, he thinks the FIT business picks up and the group business will be strong. So hoping for more there. Obviously, we didn't have as good a quarter as we hoped for after a stellar first quarter. But, George says the summer looks good, the group business is accelerating and the FIT business as well is accelerating. So let's hope for the best in Las Vegas.
Robert G. Goldstein: Exactly, correct. We continue to cut back commissions as our second bite at the apple and you've identified it perfectly. Yes.
Robert G. Goldstein: No, I don't want to quantify it, but I think you'll see improved margins and improved profitability in that segment. We think we had a showcase property that people want to come to, and we are the market leader there, I guess, by 65:35. And we believe that we can perhaps reduce commissions and get better margin. That's the thought process. I don't want to quantify what that will mean, but it will be improved margins, improved profitability at MBS.
Patrick Dumont: I think our margins have been consistent given our cost reduction programs. I think the team over there has done a very nice job taking costs out of the business, as the business scaled down in prior quarters. Now, that we're experiencing growth, we anticipate to see heightened flow through. From a labor standpoint, it's actually been probably good. I think, some of our cost expansion here has been related to increased marketing to capture some of the market growth. We're going to continue to invest in marketing as the business continues to grow, because we think that's helpful for the long term. So – but as a practical matter, we should start seeing some operating leverage as revenue continues to grow with the market. So I think it's going to be a little – there's going to be some cyclicality in our margins, just given the performance of revenue. The first quarter has Chinese New Year in it, but I think as you look for the business over the long term, you should see us control our labor cost, control some of our fixed cost and then look over time to increase our marketing spend as we invest in our business, invest on our customers and look to grow revenue and expand margins.
Patrick Dumont: Sure. I think, our – as we said previously, the return of capital cornerstone is really our dividend. That's really what our Chairman and our Board focuses on in terms of long-term sustainable growth. And that's really the focus of our return on capital program. We use share repurchases to modulate return of capital to our shareholders. So then, we feel we have some excess cash, and we feel like providing some additional return to our shareholders, shrinking our share count. We'll go out and repurchase shares. In this particular quarter, we chose to purchase $75 million. In the future, we hope to do more, but that's what we did this quarter.
Patrick Dumont: I think, it's really just a view on the outlook. I think, we tend to think about our cash flow growth, tend to think about the liquidity that we have, to think about a whole host of factors that kind of go into the mix, and we make repurchases based on our long-term view. So across the year, we'll look at it more in that concept, than we will particular quarter to quarter. So I think the way we kind of look at it is going back across the year and saying, what was our total return of capital, how will our shareholders treat it and that's the context that we really consider in it.
Patrick Dumont: I think that's something that we always are opportunistic about. I think our Chairman has set up a very effective model where we reduce our cost eventually by ultimately selling down assets that are considered non-core either in total or in part, and it's something that we'll always continue to consider to enhance shareholder returns. But at this time, we don't have anything to report specifically although the Chairman has said all along that this is part of his core and fundamental strategy for the business, and that's something we hope to follow over time because it does create an unbelievable return environment.
Patrick Dumont: So, Harry, it's Patrick. Nice to hear from you. I think if you turn to page 35 in our earnings presentation, you'd kind of see that we provide a forecast for our CapEx expectations for the entire portfolio, and then there are some details there regarding maintenance CapEx, some investment that we plan to do in existing properties, things that are specific to The Parisian and then some other. And I think the key thing to note is that the $500 million maintenance that we intend to spend, although we haven't spent it in years past as our property portfolio needs room refresh, it needs high limit space changes, needs junket room adjustments, we intend to spend that money. I think we have a very motivated team in order to grow the business. I think we're working hard to identify areas of investment, areas of change that can be helpful. And I think we're actively pursuing that in Macao, in Marina Bay Sands, here in Las Vegas, and in Sands Pennsylvania. So, I think the key thing here is I don't think we can call out a specific list of projects because they are numerous. But what I would like to highlight is we have a history of investing in our properties of making the changes necessary to support earnings and cash flow growth. And we've had the spending history that shows that we do it. And so, if you look at these next three years, you'll see there is a significant commitment made to both capital expenditures to provide growth, as well as capital expenditures to make sure our assets are kept to where they need to be to continue to boost the cash flow that allows a return on capital to happen. So, I'll turn it over to Rob or to the Chairman to see if they have any additional remarks. But I just want to highlight page 35 lays out the amount of expenditures that we've spent historically, the way we've deployed capital and the way that capital intends to be spent in the future in a general basis. I don't know if there's any specific projects that we'd like to highlight now, but I'll turn it over to Rob.
Patrick Dumont: If you turn to page 26 on our earnings deck, we have the Asia retail mall portfolio with operating cost and operating margin, as well as mall revenue. Maybe you could direct your question to that section and that page and maybe we can answer it.
Patrick Dumont: Yeah. Harry, what you see both on page 26 and page nine of the press release is accurate, so I'm not sure what you're referring to. But if you have any questions, please follow up with Dan.
Patrick Dumont: Right now, still very early on, nothing really to report on the process. Although, I will tell you that I think as we said previously that the chairman's strategy all along when he developed these large-scale Integrated Resorts that are MICE-based and have a lot of critical mass, that a part of that critical mass will be non-core components. And those non-core components are integral to the resort but also have monetization capabilities. And so, we'll look to in the future monetize those assets as pricing allows and as the chairman feels comfortable in order to enhance our shareholder returns. So, while we have nothing to report specifically at this time, we're optimistic, we're hopeful for the future. We realized the value of the mall that's sitting there. As the chairman said earlier, it's a great property, it's the most iconic mall in the world. It's probably the most valuable mall in the world on a per-square-foot basis. And we're looking forward to the opportunity at some point in the future. Hopefully, we'll get that chance.
Sheldon G. Adelson: Shaun, this is Sheldon. You got to remember that there is no reason to reduce the traffic and reduce the productivity of Marina Bay Sands, it is arguably the most beautiful building in the world. If you want to have an argument, I'll engage in that. I said argue. It is the most visited – it's one of, if not the most visited hotel in the world. There's nobody that goes to Singapore that doesn't see the hotel, that doesn't want to go up to its SkyPark and look out over Singapore. It's just so attractive and so magnetic to people who come to Singapore. I don't see any reason why the Marina Bay Sands been open for seven years and we've done good and we continue to increase – our mall is considered one of, if not the most beautiful mall in the world. And while all the other malls are going down, as you are saying, we're going up. So, it's – there's no reason for it to go down, particularly when people who come to Singapore. Everybody who goes to Singapore goes to see the Marina Bay Sands.
Sheldon G. Adelson: I can tell you I'm involved in development, then expansion, and I could tell you I was in Brazil recently. And people had gone from Brazil to Singapore to see the Marina Bay Sands, just for that purpose. People from – everybody in Japan knows what the MBS is, and most everybody from Japan that has any interest in the potential Japanese Integrated Resort, everything they do is copying Marina Bay Sands.
Sheldon G. Adelson: Well, there's been nothing – recently they had a impeachment and the lady was indicted, the former lady president. And they put a new president in, but there's no indication whether he's interested or not. I think that, from having gone to South Korea many times, I think what will move that along will be the implementation bill in Japan that we hope will pass before the end of the year, but it's possible it could be delayed. And I think that once they pass that – remember they have 17 casinos there and only one allows Korean nationals, and it's about three hours drive away from the biggest city from Seoul. I think they've got bigger problems now with North Korea than looking at Integrated Resorts to attract more tourists. So we don't know. There's nothing new about Integrated Resorts being restructured in South Korea. The most likely – I've heard that Bangkok in Thailand is reconsidering IRs, but it's very gratifying to know that everybody who talks about IRs in Japan is referring to one thing or more about Marina Bay Sands. So, it is an absolute must reference site. It certainly puts us in the number one position to be the top candidate for a win. So we don't know, there are different opinions as to whether or not Abe's loss of so many seats in the Diet, the Japanese parliament. We don't know, whether or not that hurts the move, but Patrick and Rob were just there last week and they say that it doesn't seem to have any effect. And they're still moving along and they hope to get – I don't know why but they are going to pass the bill for gaming addiction first. I don't know what that has to do with anything, but they said they're going to pass that first. And we are hopeful that it will pass the forthcoming month in August.
