Robert Goldstein: Hi Joe. Hi – the softness in the junket segment has been well documented, the explanations have been explored by a lot of people. Our Macau business, as you know, is not dependant on that. As Sheldon referenced, it’s about 17% of our EBITDA makeup. We’ll keep monitoring the progress in the segment and we’ll use our 1,500 tables and 9,000 rooms to make the best of our profitability. But again, our core driver is the mass business, it’s hard to sit here with the complete – all the answers, what’s happening in the VIP segment. And with so many diverse explanations out there, I’m not sure we get a whole lot of value, I just believe its back end consumer demand is soft and soft industry-wide, and I think it’s foolish for us to guess when that demand will return. And I think that’s as much that I want to say about that segment.
Robert Goldstein: Sure. We are definitely monitoring credit extension, actually we’re pulling back with some of the credit but that I don’t think is the issue in Macau for us, it’s just backend demand, we’re very comfortable with our reserves, we think we’re in the right place vis-à-vis our junket partners, we’re not that concerned about credit from a risk perspective. I just continue to believe that the absolute’s are no one is completely clear in what is all the reasons for the pullback, and when that pullback reverses, we better take advantage of it, until that time we’ll monitor closely.
Robert Goldstein: As we have said Shaun, in previous calls, we’re agnostic about the use of tables. We have 1,500 gaming positions, tables rather; we have 9,000 plus sleeping rooms, we have 4,800 slot ETG positions, it’s a massive advantage of this market and as the summer months kick in, we will continue to deploy those assets based on market demand and market interest in them. Obviously junket segment is not where we’re focusing right now in terms of growth, the market will have to wait and see when that returns. Our focus remains – our driver of our core EBITDA remains mass, be it mass tables, mass slots, ETGs, premium mass, that’s our focus, that’s our core ability to grow this market. Do we believe? I couldn’t be more raging bull on Macau had it near this weekend, it is still the greatest gaming market in the world. I guess when we opened up, one thing I can’t help to think about 10 years ago, we opened up Sands Macau, there was questions about could Macau equal or surpass Las Vegas in terms of gaming revenues, I think we all know how that turned out. Cotai will continue to drive Macau beyond Hong Kong and Guangdong, into the provinces of China. The infrastructural improvements coupled with cultural fancy gamble makes Macau the most important market in the world and a very, very safe bet to grow and grow. And finally the penetration in mainland China is still 2% [ph]. So we think Macau is going to bloom, we sure do. We think $100 billion of GGR is reasonable to expect. This last month has been disappointing, but it’s a month in a very, very long race and I think when you see the summer quarter, you’ll feel a lot better about our performance.Shaun Kelley – Bank of America: I think that’s very clear. Thanks, Rob.
Robert Goldstein: John, its Rob. I don’t believe that’s the case at all. It’s a different customer, there might be some overlap, there certainly is some overlap but the great majority of mass customers, and even premium mass, are not coming out of junket segment, I think it’s a very different audience. And again, although we are flattish sequentially our year-on-year performance 34% plus indicates all the junkets have come down quite a bit year-on-year unfortunately, the mass business has boomed 34% out of the many businesses that grow 34% year-on-year and yet are worried about future growth. I think it’s clear the growth is there. This second quarter – while Sheldon referenced World Cup etcetera, I think there is a valid variables as the impact of our mass business and the business in the industry but I think it’s very myopic to think that’s going to be an issue for the future. And no, I don’t believe as the junket business is in decline – I believe we all resurrect, the mass business continues to do very well and I don’t believe there is risk of that deterioration, no, I really don’t believe that at all.
Robert Goldstein: I think it’s very simple. The biggest – let’s be clear, our biggest asset beyond gaming capacity is sleeping room capacity. And for those of you who watched this industry as I have for 35 years, the ability to put someone in a room above that casino is a number one driver where that person gambles. We have that ridiculous advantage of having 9,000 keys in our portfolio and growing shortly. So I think the answer as you know, that’s a huge advantage our approach has been simple, we’ve proven over and over again as we give away complimentary rooms the return is breathtaking. And as long as it continues the team in Macau can continue to deliver those kind of numbers. We are earning $2,000, $3,000, $4,000 per occupied room, that’s a huge advantage to us. So think about it, as that premium mass customer comes in further and further away with a larger budget, has to sleep at some place, can’t go back and forth in a day or two, we’ll be the place of choice in my opinion, for not just this year but for years to come in Cotai. And that relationship between where you sleep and where you gamble is unequivocal, it’s a hugely important. Now that decision years ago to build those rooms puts us in the poll position today, we’ll continue to deploy that resource as long as we get a $2,000, $3,000, $4,000 per night return on that complimentary room. So to me while others are running out of capacity, that becomes a wild advantage of this company as this market swings back to huge growth, and which it will.
Robert Goldstein: No, we want to be more comps drawn, we want to keep driving, we want to get to $5, $6, $7, $8 billion of mass table wins and the way to get there is to keep giving away rooms to wide customer base. So no, we don’t have – more complimentary towards the right customer mix, there is no place like in the world, it’s not like down in Las Vegas or any place in the US or any place anywhere where you can comp a room to a customer and get a $2,000 or $3,000 yield that night in the casino. No, the mix is keep comping as long as you maintain that margin and maintain that profitability we’ll be aggressively pursuing that customer. That is the strategy along with our mass customer who marches even 10 or 12 points higher. We’re in a very, very privileged place, this has been a disciplined month in June but look forward to the future because it will turn to growth year-on-year 33%, 34%, 35%. Those numbers – there is no place in the world like it, no place like it, and we’re in the right place with the right strategy at the right time.
Robert Goldstein: No, not at all. I think it remains just the opposite. Here is where we look at the market. We’re lucky that still the majority of our mass business is non-incented – business that comes without a complimentary room, without promo chips, without gifts, etcetera. So I think the point is that customer when we are trying to reference was the mix change when it swings to the premium mass customer who is more highly incented because of the marketplace. So we’re getting high stories, let’s say $36, $37, $38 [ph] due to promo chips, complimentary rooms, complimentary meals, and we all know these things in the gaming world are part of that better premium mass customer. We’re very happy to take 38% of billions of dollars. However, when you marry that to our – what’s made our businesses spectacular in the first quarter in 2013 was, we are when capacities constrained, we have a guy who get the great lion share of the mass customer show $60 million plus visitations, who is that guy, who is that person? They are high frequent that comes in and has been gambling at our places, our ETGs because of the capacity. They can’t go to major stores because the rates are too high when the gaming norms. So we have a very, very fortunate place. I don’t think it’s – to the whole percentage issue, I don’t think it’s a question of changing, it’s not changing, it’s simply more volatile – the more you let go that larger sums of money, some of these folks are betting huge amounts of money on table, that volatility will translate into whole percentage, same thing in Las Vegas where we hold 25% of lot [ph] and 10 point south of that in mass mass, it’s no different. The geography hasn’t changed the mathematics from the tables. So our volatility – this quarter how we held a few points higher and gotten more mass mass, we had $900 million quarter which we’re going to see in the future. We’re not concerned about volatility, it’s part of the game; we’re not concerned about margins, we’ll take 38% or so on the premium mass. But again, our stellar advantage comes in that mass customer, although people do not have the capacity to service.
Robert Goldstein: Yes, sure. The bigger the percentage, the lower the roll because people – the players lose earlier on in the present, in their visit, and if they lose later that means this small roll, so we have a lower percentage of hope. I mean that’s dogma in the industry, that’s the love [ph]. I think – also, in Mr. Sheldon’s comment the idea that we can stimulate very honestly, I would be blown I always look at Singapore, it’s – the role is disappointing but it’s not disappointing relative to what we’re doing in Singapore. We made a very conscious decision, management in Singapore and the team here in Las Vegas, there is an incenting situation among over there which will not be part of, it’s over incenting in some segments. And frankly, we’re not going to play that business, we’re also being more judicious in quite extension because we see some of the concerns we have with – our policies are very strict about how we give credit and how we collect credit. So we are somewhat – I wouldn’t say disadvantage but we’re just more compliant if you will, and again, what we’ve learned is that sometimes driving the role of $14 billion, $15 billion is not vintage [ph] because you’re giving away huge commissions and huge amounts of credit extension. So we have made a constant decision to take customers that we feel we can collect from, we can extend to get that margin from, a fair margin. And this is a highly constituent segment, if we took, we can grow a rolling business anytime we want, it means giving away a lot more credit, a lot of things we think are not a good long-term decision. We’re very pleased if we end up with $50 billion annualized roll, that’s acceptable to us, and the whole percentage – I mean, we spend it all last year when we were suffering with inadequate hold, we told you we’d come back, it’s just mathematics, the chips don’t know who is playing and frankly, the people who won last year are losing this year. It’s a very simple mathematical equation, so we’ve had a very strong hold and we’re gratified by it but in the end of the day, the math always prevails and we always fall to 2.85 [ph] and beyond, there is nothing structurally wrong. What’s more pleasing to watch is our growth and our mass business over there are non-rolling slot ETG business is accelerating, we’re 4.07 a day, 63 point margins, so we can get Macau Singapore to be a 1.5, 1.6, 1.7 store [ph], we’ll accept that.
Robert Goldstein: Carlo, we came back to Sheldon and Mike, we’re very clear it’s our last meeting over there and said, look, we’re going to sacrifice some roll but we’re going to get you a better margin and long-term better business and that’s what we’re doing in Singapore. We’re very gratified, we like to roll $15 billion, hold 5% but we’re going to take what we can get and so this quarter we’re very accepting of a very flat quarter.
Robert Goldstein: It opened up you know, and successfully it’s not running the level we want to run at but the ramp is continuing. I think you’ll see it this fall, we wait –we believe it would take about three months to get there. Very confident of its performance, a slower start we anticipated, great candidly opened up in a wrong time in terms of these seasonality, opened up into the World Cup, opened up lot of things but we’re meeting – we’ll be there this weekend, have a look at it, the team there is high confident of its growth, and although we had a disappointing quarter from my perspective in terms of growth in general, and as Sands Cotai Central, those rooms sitting above it will start to get very, very busy this summer and so will the Dragon’s Palace. We’re completely confident of its performance.
Robert Goldstein: Robin we’re back for second, that Macau is one of the – you’re comment, we’re just – you’re question is, Sheldon talked about – first of all, we’re dealing some of the most focused, intelligent, seasoned operators in the world, our competition there is very, very good, and we work very competitively but we – you just have to do what they do every day. However, to Sheldon’s point they are disadvantaged physically in terms of capacity and the market gets back this summer and this fall, that will be – from the overcome despite their intellect. The second piece is, I have not seen margin erosion at all in the – as the junket business becomes more challenging, I’ve not seen erosion at all in the margins in the premium mass. The aggressive behavior of the market has been there for the last couple of years, be it Nalco, Win, MGM, Galaxy, in terms of those margins, I have not seen erosion at all, in fact if anything I think it’s been maintained but that focus will get intense in the premium mass and we expect it. In the Singapore issue, we commented we’re not seeing necessarily a slowdown but we’re seeing a – we’re thinking differently about how to incent, how to give credit to the foreign customer coming into Singapore, I’m not sure it’s market driven much as our own initiatives that may have impacted our decline in the rolling segment in the first quarter.
Robert Goldstein: [Indiscernible]. There are no delays at the present time. Openings are always subject to government approvals but if we – if they maintain that construction schedule at this point, you should be able to open that building in next summer’s period. Four Seasons, we’ve completed 40 of the apartments and we are now waiting inspections in terms of being able to put those in the market, as the product will tell the situations that licensing process is with the government as we speak. And one last thing on the smoking, I had the capital committee of SCL, as well as LVS approve yesterday of $33 million of expenditure to put the no smoking facilities in which was suppose to be due by October 6 – the smoking facilities by October 6, and that construction will begin as we speak. So we should be ready. Some of the hotels – the older hotels have significant disadvantages in doing that, we are in pretty good shape for that.
Sheldon Adelson: I think that the uncertainty created in the market by the correct – in the PLC always – it’s cyclical by the way and that always creates uncertainty and people – that’s reflected by fewer people coming to Macau. So even though none of it applies to Macau but it doesn’t affect people coming to Singapore, and we’ve seen an increase in Chinese customers, all those [ph] coming to VIP market, coming to Las Vegas.
Sheldon Adelson: It’s like you said Joe, it’s not a major part of our business – not the major part and it’s decreasing as a percentage of our total GGR.
Sheldon Adelson: We are – we had a Board meeting yesterday and I discussed with the Board that – I wanted them to think about the dividend policy and about stock repurchase, and then we would bring it up. We have enough money for the stock repurchase to go through on our regular program to go to this current quarter. And I expect that we will have some dividend news and stock repurchase news on the next earnings call for the third quarter.
Sheldon Adelson: I want to emphasize that one quarter doesn’t make a trend, and nothing is going to change in Macau, nothing is going to change into to come to Macau and play. It has not changed in thousands of years and it isn’t because there is no catalyst to make a change.
Sheldon Adelson: John I think it’s not as close a customer as you think it is because the VIP customer is used to going in the rolling program and the premium mass players are – they are not all from VIP coming downwards, they are playing in the non-rolling segment and it’s just a different kind of person. The player is not just coming from the VIP, coming down to say $100,000 and under, if they are coming up from the $1,000 to $2,000 and above that. So that’s what the premium mass is. We’ve got a $5,000 daily theoretical win from a premium mass customer. That’s not a settling down of VIP customers. And again, one is rolling, one is non-rolling.
Sheldon Adelson: Carlo, this is Sheldon. What I want to say is that, if we had zero rolling, $1 and rolling, and a $1 billion in profit, on a quarter I think I’d take the profit, I’d take the EBITDA rather than the rolling. I’m shocked, I can’t put the rolling in the bank, I was going to only put the EBITDA in the bank.
Sheldon Adelson: I’ll give you my overlook. They can’t focus on that because they don’t have enough tables. They don’t have a fraction, small fraction of the number of tables that we do, and the mass requires a lot of tables. So there is nobody who has got that number of tables or we have anything close to it. You could say that SGM has a lot of tables but they’ve got 20 sub-licensed casinos and a whole bunch of maybe 50 or so VIP rooms, if they still have, I’m not sure. But how can they do this. In other, they have the number of hotel rooms, they have the much seen properties, and they have the number of tables, number of hotel rooms, number of tables, they just don’t have. So it’s not as though our competitor could say, SCL is doing very well with the mass market, lets compete with them, we’ll go into the rest market. It’s like shell the needles [ph] 5.7 say, hey basketball is a great game, I’d like to get into it.
Sheldon Adelson: I have my basketball but I don’t have the way, and it’s – our competitors may have the will but they don’t have the way.
Sheldon Adelson: If it’s uncertainty that the Chinese people are concerned about, they want to lie low to things recycle, I think they would lie – it’s clear they would lie low and we have the Chinese Government could see that if they were looking for them. And that the Chinese Government can go – they are not in Singapore, it’s not Chinese soil, so they can go to Australia, they can go to Singapore, they can go to Philippines, they come to Vegas, but they are most popular places. Since we offer more to the high rollers like much higher gaming bets, we offer credit of large amounts to big players, we get bet in Singapore and we’re starting to get some of that here in Vegas.
Sheldon Adelson: I got distracted. The smoking – well, we’re building smoking rooms that we’re going to drop down in the middle of the vast gaming floor. And the rules are still being clarified as to how much of the gaming floor is VIPed, and what is the VIP – what’s the definition of VIP. It appears as though premium mass if it’s in a separate room and it’s enclosed, it will be considered VIP. So that’s where we stand out. We have a much greater premium mass business than our competitors. So with the combination of VIP rooms are going to be allowed to be smoking and as a matter of fact the ramping up of the Dragon Palace is – that was the subject of question few questions ago. We’re waiting for the arcades [ph] to smoke in there, and we have an open entrance to that property and we put a strong sense of urgency on the design and construction of an enclosure to make it a fully enclosed room, essentially fully enclosed. So, you know – I don’t know, I haven’t smoked since I was a teenager and that’s at least 10-12 years ago. And so – I don’t know about how people are smoking but I could tell you that the press is saying that they don’t expect, and you guys, you analysts know this better than I do, that people are not expecting more than 2% or 3% impact on the smoking issues. I don’t know if that’s true or not, I hope that that’s all that is, I thought that we might be able to deal with these cigarettes but I understand these cigarettes have been outlawed in Macau, so they can’t use these cigarettes in Macau. Listen, many years ago when the no smoking ban first came in, I used to be a frequent visitor to the Peninsula Hotel in Los Angeles, and I loved smoking the cigar bar because I was then a cigar smoker. And I said to myself, it will kill the cigar bar, nobody will ever go in there again, they might have to close it down and turn it into a coffee shop or something. Then next time I went, there were as many people as there were not smoking at all than they used to be with people with big fat cigars and small pen cigars. So, I don’t know – people have a tendency to roll out the punches and they evolve with the rules – with the governmental rules on the smoking issue, and listen it’s good that they don’t smoke. So – but we don’t know, your guess is as good as us, at least it’s as good as mine, there could be other people in my company who – after all we have 50,000 employees, it could be a lot of people that think differently than I do and they may agree with you but I’d be honest enough to say I’m not that smart and I don’t know. But I’m not giving up being smart on other things. I’m not saying doing that.
Sheldon Adelson: We have to – although they did say in the past that it will be okay for us to have stranded title [ph] on the malls and that there was no objection to that. We still are growing at a very healthy rate and as I said in my prepared remarks that the mall at the Four Seasons, the shops at the Four Seasons is the highest sales per square foot of any mall in the world, $7,000 a square foot, for the first level and the second level, I think the average for the entire mall, first, second, third or mezzanine level is $5,500 per square foot, and the next highest for the best of my knowledge, that I have been told is the Bell Harbor shops in Bell Harbor in Florida, Miami at $3,500 a foot. So we’re very proud of that and it continues to grow significantly. I don’t know why – we don’t need the money, and I got to wait until we finish apprehension and if we are able to build the tropical garden mall across and next to the second Sheldon Tower on the border of lot six and lot seven. I don’t know – we can either sell the existing retail properties. We have made Macau the second shopping –
Sheldon Adelson: If we don’t sell condominium title, we could sell the cash flows from the malls just like we sell stock in the company. There are no restrictions. And –
Sheldon Adelson: Right, we’d love to build another extension of our hotel. We’re running at 99.4% occupancy. And it’s probably the most occupied and greatest income per earning [ph] hotel in the world and with a 2,563 keys. But there is some land adjacent to it but we haven’t got any approvals from the Singapore Government yet. We are in very, very dire need of more hotel rooms and we’ve got that demand, we could sell it out handedly.
Sheldon Adelson: We have the capability of the CFO in-house and we’re extremely pleased with it. We have both Corporate Finance and Accounting, and I – it’s simply just allocating the title which we haven’t gotten to because we’re happy with the functions.
Sheldon Adelson: This has happened several times in last several years. I remember at least three, four other times. And it doesn’t last more than a few months, three or four months. When the press starts to reduce their print about the crackdown on corruption in the PLC then it seems to go away. That seems to create a sense of uncertainty and I have looked into this at late, and that the Chinese people say that if once the government starts enquiring about things, it creates a sense of uncertainty. As much as the Chinese Government, it doesn’t want social instability, they – the population of the country doesn’t want uncertainty, they don’t know what’s going to happen. So it doesn’t necessarily mean that people are targeting them or targeting their category – it just means there is some uncertainty, and they don’t like uncertainty.
Sheldon Adelson: I don’t know, I try as hard as I can not to get involved in foreign governments political affairs, and what their choices are. It’s not my business and I don’t want to be involved there.
