Robert G. Goldstein: Mark, I think you know we have, obviously, a very intense marketing program in Singapore throughout the region, with regional offices, the Premium Direct. We are somewhat restricted by the government in terms of local marketing inside Singapore itself. But to answer your question, we're in this property about 20 months since we've opened it. And again, I think the success speaks for itself. We far exceeded our own expectations, the $1 billion in full year one. The seasonality issue is yet be determined, but I think it's clear that we're finding our way as we go and every quarter is a new one. Obviously, the year-on-year comparisons are terrific, the quarter-to-quarter not as strong. It's a highly concentrated market in terms of the VIP rolling direct. As you're aware, there's not a junket involvement there. So we deal directly with those customers from a credit marketing perspective. The team here, I think, is excellent. Larry Chiu and his guys are out there in the field. We're constantly looking for new customers, and I think we saw in the fourth quarter a lot of people in Asia gambled. Perhaps, they didn't gamble in Singapore as much as they came to both Macau and Las Vegas, and as you know, we're players in both those markets. And I think the shifting -- the concentration will create volatility as we've said in the past as it relates to the Rolling segment. We're convinced that segment's far from mature, as Sheldon referenced. If anything, it's still growing and I think will continue to move. As far as the mass side of the business, I don't know how we can be more honest than we're just thrilled with the success of that segment. What started as a $1.6 million day combined slot table income on the mass side, we see $4.6 million a day. I think it's astounding tribute to the team there, like Andrew McDonald and Eric Pearson and the guys they work with every day in the field done a terrific job, and I think that market -- we're moving towards $5 million in my opinion. When that happens, I don't know, but I think it's achievable with the $5 million per day. And I think there's a lot of factors that drive that. There's internal and external factors. I mean, on the external side, we're really happy to say that the new MRT station opened, the Botanical Gardens' opening, the eventual Cruise Ship Terminal and of course, the growing tourism of Singapore's bode well for the future of mass gaming in Singapore. But I really think those successes, the guys on the floor, the team there with Andrew and Eric, et cetera, really have done a great job, an exemplary job, moving machines around to maximize the value. And you're aware of our pressure in terms of weekend capacity issues, and we work to avoid that and I think we've done pretty successfully, so far a good job. But to Sheldon's point, I'm a firm believer we're going to get to $5 million a day on the mass side. I'm an even stronger believer that although it's concentrated, the premium business, the Premium Direct, will grow. And there's billions of Asians, and as their wealth increases and they have an oversized proclivity to gamble, I think we're going to see more and more business there. But on a more regional or more of a bigger picture, Las Vegas Sands is the only company that has presence in Macau, Singapore and Las Vegas. So wherever they gamble, we're capturing more and more of that database and getting more and more of that business. And Las Vegas was the recipient of huge amounts of play in December, which helped Las Vegas; it didn't help Singapore. So Mark, I think there's good news ahead.
Robert G. Goldstein: The other consideration, Joe, obviously there along with the reserve is the mix of business. Obviously, the mass accelerates. The mass slot is going to help that margin because the mix changes. This time, the mix was not as favorable as it been in previous quarters. That, coupled with the bad debt reserves, drove the margin down.
Robert G. Goldstein: What you're seeing, Joe, is we're getting better. There's 4 wonderful segments to make money in Macau. We're doing better at junket segment. We have a lot of room to move there. So Direct Premium, we're getting much better at. But let's be honest, our strength in the niche and has always been and would hopefully will continue to be mass tables, slot ETG segment, and that segment gets better by the day. We want to dominate that segment and grow in that segment, which is obviously margin intense, but also improve our VIP, which hasn't really happened yet that much for The Venetian. So I don't think it's out of the ordinary what you saw this quarter. I think it's just stable, yes.
Robert G. Goldstein: It's not a timing issue. It's more an issue of as we see -- look, we're going to control 1,500 tables and 6,000 slot ETG positions at the end of this year. The issue for us is how to maximize the growth and the opportunity to drive EBITDA regardless of segments. So if we can convert tables from mass, to we see the junkets over perform, we'll move in that direction; it's a never-ending process. We had a conference call this morning with David, talk about this very issue. David Sisk, who's just done a really good job in this area. And I think the question -- and we have a very unique advantage there. We've got all the space on Cotai, which where the junkets want to be. We're going to have 9,300 sleeping rooms in Macau once we complete the end of this year, which gives us a huge advantage on mass gaming side because the number one driver of mass gaming performance is sleeping rooms. So we have all these advantages. The problem we have is trying to manage where we can get the highest yield be it junket, VIP direct, mass gaming, slot ETG. And our goal is all of our managers over there thinking about what is the highest and best use of the real estate, how to drive EBITDA. So I guess when we started this junket thing we saw upside, but we see a much larger upside than we first anticipated. But we also see, I think, incredible growth in all the segments. So our goal as managers is to maximize that huge advantage we have with sleeping rooms, VIP, the Cotai performance and no matter where it comes from, this will be a never-ending process. It won't end in February of this year or the year after. It's a never-ending process, and that's our goal: to drive our performance mass and VIP at the highest levels in Macau.
Robert G. Goldstein: We will go to the capital committee and request capital that we think there's opportunity, and yes, we think there's more opportunity.
Robert G. Goldstein: Yes, Jon, first of all, somebody said something about raining cash in Macau and that's how we see The Venetian; it's a raining cash. Smart guy wrote that once, and I think it's appropriate we'll grow our profit. The Venetian has a couple of exceptional advantages, right? It's themed, which I think is appropriate for the Macau market. It's got a lot of sleeping rooms, which is incredibly important to the mass. It's probably the most attractive retail for everybody to come to in terms of the mass, which drives -- which ties back and help the gaming floor. I think Eric and the team over there and Tim have done an extraordinary job with the slot ETG. You read about a recent move on the slot side. I think that just bodes here well. But to be honest with you, I don't know where to concentrate. David believes the junkets have extraordinary upside in The Venetian. We believe so, as we fix the space and make it more appealing and get the right people in that segment working for us. But we underperformed in the junket segment dramatically prior to 2010. We're now going to over perform in that segment, I believe. But I wouldn't ignore the slot ETG market. It's been incredibly important to us. We're hitting numbers we never thought we'd see. When Sheldon first initiated slots in Macau, people kind of chuckled, and now we see growing -- we're exceeding monthly what the entire Wynn Macau was in 2003. And then lastly, our strength always will be mass tables because we've got tables and we've got lots of them. We've got lots of sleeping rooms. So I don't know how to identify what the most advantageous segment is to grow Venetian Macao, but I promise you that's going to grow and grow. And I think we're very focused on the huge advantage we have in Cotai, especially as the mass market gravitates towards Cotai.
Robert G. Goldstein: I don't believe that would be the case. It's nice, it's a convenient excuse, but I don't think that's the case. I think it's simply a case of where the players went to. And we experienced a great year-on-year growth, Carlo, as you saw. We didn't experience the third quarter's had more players bet more money, drive more roll. And I think it's a weak excuse to use and I wouldn't go there. I think you have to accept the numbers for what they are.
Robert G. Goldstein: Yes, I mean, what we're doing daily, and I think David and the guys over there are looking at each of different places, and it's a complicated equation. We'll move tables basically where we think demand is, not just in the properties, but also in mass and VIP. So it's a never-ending -- it won't ever end. If we see stronger performance out of we can move tables out of Sands, if we find that it's weaker vis-à-vis the Cotai Strip, and I think that's going to be the goal is keep moving tables. And then we're seeing -- what surprised us is the amount of junket demand we have for Cotai Central, and we'll address that as time gets nearer. But as long as we're inside the table cap and the government is aware of our moves, I think we'll move through the market, so to speak. Our performance in the Four Seasons has been very gratifying. As we move to the Venetian Sands and 5 and 6, we'll continue to drive the -- the goal is to get the best operators with the most tables and drive the highest win per unit per day. And wherever that falls, that's where we'll move the tables to.
Robert G. Goldstein: I'll take the first one. The junkets we're seeing no issues in the question side. It's been addressed previously. We remain steadfast in our belief that we've got the best people in the industry working with us, and we're very comfortable with the exposure there. Same thing on our direct business; we have no issues that we're concerned about whatsoever. We review it monthly. On the slot performance, we appreciate recognizing what the teams accomplished. I think we -- again, not to be redundant, but to be complimentary to extraordinary team of people who assembled on the slot side, and those people are going to -- you're going to see it continue. I predict that we'll outperform the market on the slot ETG. We get -- the equipment is absolutely an issue. The marketing is an issue, but the real driver is people walking on that floor and constantly looking as I -- I go back quite a bit. I was there a few weeks ago. The floor moves consistently with the market, and we also have one incredible advantage and that is the combination of the non-gaming amenities of -- we have many, many rooms. The #1 driver of gaming performance is where people sleep. We have more sleeping rooms than anybody in the market by far. As a result, we have a huge built-in advantage at The Venetian and soon to be at Cotai Central, coupled with great equipment, coupled with the best retail malls that drive more traffic. So I would be surprised if what you're seeing in the slot performance doesn't continue to grow and grow. A lot of confidence in that segment and a lot of pride to what we've accomplished there. I think Eric and his team, performance there is exemplary and appreciably recognized here. Cotai, I'll let Mike speak to Cotai because we're very excited about it in all segments.
Robert G. Goldstein: I just want to pick up on Mike's comments that what's been really nice for us is to watch the demand on Cotai. It's by the junkets for this segment. And I think Cotai Central has that unique combination of many, many rooms, wonderful retail, a sister hotel for The Venetian and Four Seasons and lots of gaming space: so ETG slots, almost 2,600 games and growing. So I think it's -- I can't tell you which performs faster, but I can tell you again, all segments are going to perform at those buildings over the next 10, 12 months.
Robert G. Goldstein: Slot floor, however, continues to move. It's radical and consistent changes really weekly. Our latest move, you saw with IGT. I just think our guys are looking at the best equipment and it moves all the time. We changed configurations, we changed everything about the slot floor. Every time I go there, there's radical changes, and I think that resulted in the kind of numbers you're seeing, coupled with the non-gaming amenities of rooms and shopping. And I think that advantages, the big LVS advantage, not just for that property, but all the properties in Cotai. So it's a radical change. It's a consistent change. It's a very, very good change. It produces very strong profitability at segment and again, that segment is one to watch at this company and in Macau in general.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I'd like to just make an observation. I watch the exchange rate daily just out of curiosity. And generally, the quarter -- the fourth quarter exchange rate was relatively stable. It was between SGD $1.20, SGD $1.21 to SGD $1.30 to the U.S. dollar. It's fluctuating. So it's all within the same range, I think it average probably in the fourth quarter SGD $1.25, SGD $1.27. It's moving back up a little bit now, and I think really knocking on the door of USD $0.80 for SGD $1. But it doesn't have a significant impact. It does -- from the beginning of the development of this project, when the Singapore dollar was at SGD $1.65 to the U.S. dollar, that made a big difference over the years, but that only affects our projected income at the time.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: This is Sheldon. Last time, we had dinner with some important people from Singapore, and the discussion was what percentage of the people are foreigners. The number continues to grow every day of visitation, and the foreigner percentage has increased to about 80%, which is very good because the foreigners come in with more money than the local Singaporeans. I believe we haven't done a study of that, but I think it's common sense that somebody that comes in from a foreign territory will carry more money with them. Why? Because they're here less frequently, or they're there less frequently. One issue is that we are running at such a tremendous occupancy rate in the high 90s. In the hotel, we are talking to the government about possibly getting some more land to build more hotel rooms because we've turned away a lot of reservations. We're trying to fine-tune the segments of the hotel occupancy so we can maximize the return. But I don't think we mentioned the ADR. Did I mention ADR? It was very high and in the mid-3s. So that just tells us, if you put another 1,000 or 1,500 in the rooms in, it will significantly increase the quarter.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: That was a question we still have to answer. Well, this is a board decision. I try to stay out of it because of my substantial interest in the company. And I don't want to create any appearance of conflict. But we don't see that our stock -- we see tremendous upside for our shares, and we don't -- the share price is we think -- I believe the board has thought that we would be better off, in the best interest of shareholders, to distribute the dividend as opposed to buying back shares. And this dividend will cost us on a fully diluted basis about $800-plus million a year. And we can't guess -- we can't have a tremendous buyback impact for $800 million a year. It doesn't help us in appealing to those investors that are mandated by their regulations or the composition of their funds to only invest in companies that pay dividend. We thought that would be the first thing to do. What I think about because -- in order to make any kind of impact on stock buyback, it would take many billions of dollars. And I think that money is better put to use for expansion, holding enough money for expansion because it probably is not going to be too long, as each month goes by, that we end up with one of those Asian countries or more than one location. We're shooting for 2 locations in each of those countries, the top 2 cities essentially. But who knows what we'll get. Everybody believes that we're the winning candidates because of our fundamental business model and our fundamental marketing strategy that's convention-based. And the whole world knows about that, and the whole world knows that we are the originators of the Integrated Resort model, notwithstand what some of our competitors say about themselves. I mean you can't compare a competitor with 17 meeting rooms and no exhibition space to us with between 300 and 350 meeting rooms per property and exhibition space, plus huge ballroom space for exhibitions. So we're just in a different class from the rest of the market, but we want to make sure that we have enough money. To buy back stock will take many billions of dollars to have a substantive impact. But the dividends -- it still takes a few bucks. But $1 billion here, $1 billion there, we all know the rest. But that's good. It's good. It makes more people happy. It -- thanks to shareholders for their level of confidence in us, and we become more attractive to those who have a mandate to invest only in dividend paying stocks.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Nobody ever accused me of being a shrinking violet. I've been accused of a lot of other things. But this company is a growth company. And Mike and I are fully focused on growth opportunities. I too in 2010 or '11, I forget, my chief pilot told me that I flew almost 700 hours. And I didn't fly that to go back and forth to Hawaii and sit on the beach. I went all around the world talking to heads of state and whoever I could talk to about putting up integrated resorts in a country and what we've done for other places and what we did Vegas, Macau and Singapore and even Bethlehem and what we think we could do for their country. So this is -- we are in a class by ourselves, and I don't think when you guys compare our EBITDA multiple or EPS multiple to the others, I mean, take a look at this: nobody in the history of this industry has ever reached $3 billion, never mind what owning a first 12-month period in 2011 that we reached $1.5-something billion in Singapore. Nobody ever estimated that the first year would ever be anything like that. How many years did it take before the first company with x amount of properties emanating out of Vegas or any other company made even the first billion? So it was decades of industry existence. We are in a class by itself. Now we have to be the sharp point at the edge of the spear and the arrow to lead the way into growth opportunities and to -- frankly, I think be priced at a much high-level than the other guys because our growth opportunities and our profitability in terms of EBITDA margin, thanks to our Integrated Resort model, is unprecedented.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: No, because it's very tempting not to sell it now because when you're talking about 30%, 40%, 50% and more percent growth year-to-year in retail, that and more and more of the almost 300 tenants in the Grand Canal Shoppes pass their basic rent and they're into 12.5% to 18% -- percentage of revenue rents. So we've got basic rent plus the percentage of revenue rents. The temptation is not to sell, but we're going to look at what the best value was to shareholders. If we're going to sell it, I don't think we'd reach maturity. Some can estimate it will do it in 2 years. And if by 2 years it just grew 50% from the year before, you'd say, "Is this the right year," the answer is no. So I don't know. If ever we start to level off that we'd become a value investment instead of a growth investment, or less growth but more value, or more growth but less value, we've got to give the buyers some opportunity for growth. But the point is, this is like a secret bank account, a secret savings account that we've saved up all this money and if we chose to tap that account, we'd be debt-free. That is a very, very significant and valuable savings account. The amount of cash -- I just saw an analyst report this morning said that next year we'll have free cash flow of an excess of $3 billion. Think about the 75- or 80-year history of Las Vegas that nobody has ever even approached that amount of money. So again, I think we deserve a significantly higher multiple because we have both growth and we have the solidity of reliability and predictability of earnings.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: What those papers said, we were adhering to Feng Shui practice. So 5, the number 5 is a very good number in the year of the Dragon, and 8 is a perpetual good number, so that's always good. So 5, 8, sounds good, let's do it. It was intended to be semiannual regular dividend.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: By the way, if and when we do Lot 3, that will be an additional table. It's not going to be moving around the tables that we have. The tables that we have will be spread around most effectively between the Sands Macao, Venetian Macao, Plaza Casino at the Four Seasons and Cotai Central.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: No further questions. Thank you very much for your help. I just want reiterate that it's very gratifying to me as the CEO and Chairman of the company to have entered into a new category of entertainment, lodging, hospitality, resort development and gaming to a level that if you took the top 4 hotel companies that have a different business model of not making investments but just getting fee income, that we're -- that our EBITDA has equaled the top 4 -- or with almost 10,000 hotels, the top 4 hotels and we've equaled or exceeded Carnival Cruise Lines, which is the most profitable cruise line company in the world. So we're now in a totally different category. That was before the Concordia accident which hopefully comes out well for them.  Actually, a company I was involved with sold the first 2 ships to the Arison family, Ted Arison, because he went for us in running the 2 ships and the company back in the '60s and '70s. And he took one ship called The Carnival and named the company Carnival Cruise Lines and became the biggest operator in the world.  So anyway, we're in a totally different category, and it's very gratifying to me to have been involved with the company. And I want to thank not only the senior management, I want to thank all the management and all the team members of the company. And we simply have a lot to look forward to. I think nobody has sat about or mentioned Lot 3 in a long, long time. So we've applied for that. And everyone else is getting credit for saying, "Well, we're going to get something with Cotai." I remember the days where I want other people to join me in developing Cotai when it was a swamp and a Bay and other people said they didn't think it was right -- it would never work.  So the way that worked, our other plans will work as well. So thank you all very much. We appreciate your confidence in us and continue to have that. Thank you. That's the end of our call.
Michael Alan Leven: You should note, Joe, that the adjustment for the year, if you look at the entire year, Singapore came in at I think $2.85 million, exactly where it was supposed be for the year. So in the last quarter, we had a negative adjustment, and that was $3.80 million. The Rolling moving average was $2.85 million for the entire year.
Michael Alan Leven: Joe, it's Mike. The reason you can't look sequentially is exactly what you said about January. January is a Chinese New Year month. Last year, it wasn't a Chinese New Year month. So therefore, if you compared January to December, you're going to have very significant differences in the sequential roll that goes on for January to the quarter. So I think you got to look year-over-year to see whether in fact you're continuing to gain in both the mass floor and the roll. When it comes to the roll also, it can be 3 or 4 players in the course of a quarter that can make a very significant difference if they show up 2 weeks after the quarter or in the previous quarter. So you're going to get potential variances because of the nature of that business. But I think if you compare quarter-to-quarter, year-over-year, you've got the best way of looking at seasonality. Plus, we need still at least another year of Singapore's operation to get to a relative maturity in terms of looking at the historical consequences of each month, so December versus December, et cetera, and so forth, and that will give you a lot more help as we get a little older in that business.
Michael Alan Leven: Shaun, let me talk about -- I think that in spite of the fact that a lot of the press is talking about slowdowns in China and all of these kinds of situation, we are essentially seeing nothing that would indicate that Macau and Singapore will not continue on their present paths upward. And our planning is, on that basis with our staffing and all of our marketing models, to go against those kinds of growth numbers. There's nothing that we have seen over the last number of months or see today that indicates that there isn't a positive outlook for all of our properties at this point.
Michael Alan Leven: I think you've said it, Felicia. Basically, as the cash flow increases, we have to balance the needs to pay out dividends with the needs for development. We felt that this was a very adequate start to paying dividend, that it would satisfy our shareholders. And as we go forward in the year, we'd like to be able to increase dividends as we go, but it has to be balanced as I need to develop because the earnings will grow substantially if we had more development as well. So it's going to be a decision the board will make on an annual basis based on performance and what the opportunities for using cash. I think we're in a great position. Most companies aren't there, particularly in our sector. And we'll have the opportunity, hopefully, to both raise dividends and do the kind of developments that will continue to increase the earnings per share of the company.
Michael Alan Leven: Well, I think, Jon, any business would like to have those margins. Our margins in rooms run about 83%. Our margins in food and beverage are close to 30%. The volumes continue to increase, and banquet margins are terrific. We have some pricing opportunities left there of course, and we are managing our rooms in a way to maximize our room rates all the time. So I mean Singapore is an amazing place. I've never seen a property in all my years ramped in the level of this property in every area. So -- and you've got the high -- you've got an 83% margin in retail as well. So all these non-gaming areas represent significant margin, and it will continue to operate at that level. Our costs continue to escalate in our buildings in Macau and Singapore because just they're inflating in both places. So we have pricing power in our facilities to be able to maintain those margins as we go forward even with the increased costs.
Michael Alan Leven: The anticipation is that the Sands China board will approve in June the same dividend as we gave out in the -- as was given out in the first quarter. Legally, the shareholders have to approve at the June meeting, but the anticipation is it will be an annual dividend given in 2 slots, one in February and one in, I think, July.
Michael Alan Leven: Well, I think we mentioned the last time or we mentioned somewhere that all of our VIP rooms are sold out on Cotai Central. So they will start very quickly as we get to grand opening. They'll probably be in there the first day. So I expect that will ramp up very quickly. In the early going, we'll get a lot of trial in the main casinos on mass market. But I think VIP will start faster. These hotels are branded, as you know, Conrad and Holiday Inn as well as Sheraton coming in afterwards. We're already getting some significant inquiries to their systems on the reservation side. There's been a lot of press lately that there weren't enough rooms at the right price. For many Chinese tours, we're able to price more effectively to get that business. But I think I'd look for VIP to start faster than mass, but then mass will catch up over time.
Michael Alan Leven: I'd say probably in the fourth inning now, Harry. It is moving. We had an increase this year, significantly better than last year in book and business that was in the properties, and I think you'll see it's a gradual growth, but it's going to continue to grow. The Macau itself, the country is very active in building their MICE business. In Singapore, of course, as we mentioned, we're pretty much sold out in '12 in the ballroom, the grand ballroom and other space. But in Macau, it's a little bit slow, but we're moving up inning by inning. There's not a quantum leap there. We have to grow, and we continue to grow, but it's better every year.
Joseph Greff: And then sticking on Singapore and just to pin a little bit more about the sequential declines on mass and slots, do you think that implies that you're plateau-ing or hitting a saturation point and yielding more on the floor? And then with respect to the VIP...
Joseph Greff: Okay. And then with respect to the VIP segment in Singapore, how do you view seasonality? I know it's hard. We struggle with it on this side of the fence, and we often think 1Q and 3Q should be about 50% of the roll, 40% in 2Q and 4Q. If you can share any kind of data points maybe with January to date volumes of Rolling, maybe that kind of helps understand it as well and then I'll wait for those answers and ask one additional question.
Joseph Greff: Okay. And then one final question, Venetian Macao margins were 37.1%, much higher than we were expecting, even with a greater VIP revenue skew than we're forecasting. Was there anything within the VIP segment with either direct or junket in terms of adverse or favorable hold that skewed the overall margin? I guess I'm trying to get to the sustainability of a 37% margin going forward from here.
