Rob Goldstein: Yes, nice surprise. So, as you know, I mean Macao is the world's largest gaming market and the current, future growth of that market is predicated on the mass market. If you look at Page 16 in the deck, you can see the continual year-after-year growth of this segment, and this is the segment that matters, let's be honest. And we are the market leader in those segments; mass to premium mass and slots. And that segment depends on rooms and suites and gaming capacity. Even though, we lead the market in rooms and suites, the completion of the Four Seasons, Londoner will put us in a more stable position than ever. Its quality, its quantity will enable us to dominate this critical segment for years ahead. When you couple that with our retail entertainment product, our competitive position is kind of hard to beat and we're very fortunate.  As you referenced, our rolling segment results were softer, but this segment represents less than 10%, I think Dan said 7% or 8% of our cumulative EBITDA composite. The other 90% plus is reliant on the mass segment. And to your comment that mass win for the quarter reached $1.6 billion, base mass was at $762 million, I think that was all-time high. Our premium mass grew to $674 million, which is $16,000 plus per table and the slots went to $160 million per quarter.  As our future and the future of Macao is mass, and visitation continues to improve, the quarter for us was very, very positive except for the softness in the rolling segment. But our game plan as you know we said quarter-after-quarter, year-after-year, our game plan remains the same. It's more product, we're spending $2 billion plus at Londoner Four Seasons, quality product. The quality we're doing at Four Seasons Londoner will surprise everybody, it surprised us actually. It's pretty spectacular. And so, we don't see a whole lot of changes in this quarter. It's business as usual. It's reinvest in the product, focus on the high-margin mass business, grow our fundamental advantage, which is more retail, more restaurant, more entertainment and most importantly more lodging. So, no real surprises. We're very pleased with the results, especially as you referenced the comeback of our premium mass segment, in particular. 
Rob Goldstein: I think there is going to be disruption, but your reference point is spot on. I think we can capture if the team does their job, capture some of that disruption over region in Four Seasons and in Asia, I'd like to think we can. Having said that, it's a massive project underway. I mean ‘20 will be a disruptive year SCC, there is no denying it. We're transforming a 10-year-old product into something much more desirable for the market. So, there will be some disruption. I'm hoping the team and they claim they can do it, we'll move most of that business over to Four Seasons, Parisian, our other products. Obviously we can do it, where we've got the room capacity, lodging capacity or the gaming capacity. And frankly, we also have the ability to direct people who come for the entertainment product. It's a big positive. As you know, that's a unique differentiator for us over there. So, hopefully when the premium mass come to town, every week we've got a terrific show in there, they can push that customer away from SCC if they so desire. But, I think as we've said repeatedly, the end result is well worth it. What we're building at Londoner, we can't wait to show it to you, we can't to finish it. And the same thing with the room product, we saw a few months ago at the Four Seasons. It's exemplary in every way. Only time will tell. We can't quantify level of disruption. Yes disruption, how much we layer off in other properties? Time will tell. 
Rob Goldstein: In Macao, as you know, Thomas, is the mass segment that drives growth, it's that simple. In this challenging macro environment, we just continue to see it grow and grow. And that business revolves around lodging, retail entertainment and we continue to see the numbers to grow in all these areas. The mass keeps growing, premium -- even with our large base, our slots and premium kept growing. And with our CapEx position, it just gets better and better. I also think with our 39 new suites at Londoner and Four Seasons, it just will get better next 18 months for us, especially for family travel, length of stay, our great non-gaming product.  One thing we should reference is, the base mass, the continued improvement in transportation infrastructure connecting Macao will drive growth in visitation, and we can capture a large share of that growth. We're having iconic destinations and our theme resorts like Londoner, Venetian et cetera. So, in this challenging environment, we are really pleased with our results and just see it getting better down the road. 
Rob Goldstein: Just on the shift -- I think I heard you say the shifting from base mass to premium, I hope we are -- hope we did, obviously, that's our goal. Our goal always is to -- there is many premium mass customers in there, and move away from base as we can. But that's a challenge when you have so many tables. Very, very pleased with how that's happening and you saw the results in this number we came up with for the premium mass quarter, nice recovery from Q2 where we had it bounce the wrong way. Yes, I just think our structural advantages there are so damn strong, it's hard to refute where we're going. I don't think anybody can argue, with all our keys and not just having quantity, but quality, all the entertainment, the retail as you saw the numbers, I think it's on Page 27 we referenced the retail numbers, it's just -- our advantages here are good and they'll just get better with time. You referenced to... 
Rob Goldstein: Yes. Tom, just a follow-up on that slide, you referenced, it's the growth from $434 million to $450 million, which is accompanied by an increase to $674 million total win, $16,200 per table, yes, it's a good trend, the right direction, and I hope we continue that way. I love they end up with a double premium mass tables that we have the demand to make it happen. 
Rob Goldstein: There's been a lot of talk about Lucky 6 in the market, all you guys have written about it. I think that is starting to have some impact in the Macao market or even in Singapore. Yes, we're touch above, Joe, Q2 it's not material and we're actually a couple -- a few points above it in terms of the Q3, it's not material. I wouldn't consider it important. Again, in our business, half a point or quarter point with all this volume is -- it's just not relevant. I do think, as you know, baccarat like all of our businesses, it's mathematical equation, as the customers opt to play different proposition bets, be it Lucky 6, pairs and ties whatever, it plays to house advantage. And I do think you're seeing baccarat -- changing the baccarat, I start with long time ago, it's evolving to a different place and it's helpful, the industry -- as these different bets evolve. As you know, the flat bets or the bank player is not as advantageous to house as pairs and ties in that Lucky 6. So, hopefully, we'll see a trend up to 25, 26, 32, 67. But the truth of matter is we're delighted to see, the volume of play we've got, the whole percentage wasn't material. But I think, it's material to keep your eye on what's happening in the baccarat business since that is the predominant game, and the game's diversification into more proposition bets is very healthy for the house, not just our house, it just so happens we have more house than anybody else over there. So, the benefits flow to us. But as far as it being materially different from the quarter before, it's not. It's pretty much the same range. 
Rob Goldstein: No. I don't think that's an issue at all. I think, the customers we've gotten to Singapore, it's foreign-based, as you know. Our growth proposition is interesting as we look at that business in Singapore. When we built that -- when Sheldon really developed that 13, 14 years ago we sat in this room and penciled that. And one thing we did, we couldn't have seen the dynamic growth Joe in the premium mass -- super premium mass that comes from all over the rim, and so we built a typical very nice hotel, but with lots of suites for high-rollers or rolling customers and lots of typical guest rooms for other. The evolution of the premium mass, especially the super premium mass from all our places, all over the rim, not just China has really changed the dynamic and that miss on our part, which we couldn't have seen it, we just were blind to it, it didn't exist. But that's why we're doing number four to make that tower really target specific, high level of focus on the premium mass customer that we don't get enough of them, and that's where the growth option resides in, in Singapore. The other piece I think we add to the Singapore discussion, this arena we're building, people don't quite understand the importance of that arena in Macao is breathtaking. When you look at our business, week-after-week, month-after-month we just can't get enough arena business there because the casino wants it so badly. It drives customers' decisions, when to come, where to stay. It's a ridiculous advantage that we don't have in Singapore and that will correct in a few couple of years, we opened four. But I think in Singapore, it's not about more business coming from China or less, it's about that property to achieve its total potential, taking the CapEx dollars we're going to deploy and being laser-focused on the segments that drive it, and that's the miss in Singapore in terms of -- we make a lot of money there, we're very proud of the operation, but there is so much more growth opportunity when we get the suites and rooms right, the entertainment right. It's going to be -- I think surprise people how much upside there is in Singapore. Very desirable place to visit, very safe, very user-friendly, enormous retail.  Our mall just continues to -- we were there last month, it's shocking how good it looks and feels. Our new nightclub business there. I just think we just have a lot of growth potential in Singapore, and it's going to be the entire rim. Wealthy people, affluent people who want an exceptional resort experience will come to Singapore. 
Rob Goldstein: Not a specific answer for September. But, I will tell you that we are focusing on getting more of this mass and premium mass business in our building again with 7000 plus accommodations, we should be getting more of it. We're looking -- we obviously keep focusing on the room product, the suite product, more attractions more F&B. I'm very pleased where our casino is going. We've seen nice baccarat play throughout the year, it was a soft quarter you're right, relative to the previous but the mass and pre-mass growth opportunities are here, but I think as you know and you referenced earlier, Felicia, it's a lodging dominant market and will continue to be. Vegas is more -- from when I started in Vegas, it was gaming-centric, now it's lodging centric. And the guy who sits next to me, has a lot to do with that. But, I think the best days Las Vegas are ahead of us in terms of, as more MICE space comes to the market, as more things happen here, we welcome the competition, welcome all the wonderful things are happening all over the town. And so, we're not going to -- I don't think you can focus on Vegas gaming for a quarter, for a week or for a month and get too excited of the way, it's going to be a steady grind to a better place. We're not going to see -- I do -- I don't think you'll see as much Asian play in Las Vegas, as you've seen in the past, because the options in Asia are so damn good that it's hard to -- we still see great players show up occasionally, but the days of us dominating Asian play, I think is over and the days of Vegas becoming probably the greatest lodging market in the world are here. And we won't be part of that transitional shift, since Sheldon authored it 20 years ago with the convention based focus. That's where I put my attention as I was looking at Las Vegas. 
Rob Goldstein: Don't wonder too hard. Patrick, and I spent way too much time in Japan in the last 6 months. I feel like I could write a guide book. I'll say this about it, it's extraordinary place. We really enjoyed going there, but to your point, sometimes I come back and to pinch myself, I think back to the days when we developed, The Venetian with Sheldon in Las Vegas 20 plus years ago, and I remember saying to myself, my god, I am part of a $1 billion development, and it seems kind of comical thinking back on it today that you can nearly build a nightclub today for $200 million in this town. So, the reference point that you make is very, very well thought out, $10 billion, $12 billion, it does give you pause and no matter -- I once came back from a trip, and I said to Sheldon, we were having coffee, I said think about it, you could spend the equivalent of what Sheldon has spent in China for many casinos and retail malls, you spend that in one building, one IR in Japan. No matter, how good you are at this business, that must give you pause and stop and think, is that prudent? Can you really deploy, can you get the return? We've had those discussions, and we've had them with the Japanese government. And so, our Chairman and our Board will make that decision ultimately, but we and -- Patrick and I, we have learned a lot, but that's a very fair question to ask, if any operator, not just us. You know we have the balance sheet and the capability and the skill set to do it. The question is, can we get a return that -- the guy to my left is going to endorse and his Board, and we're working through those issues right now. I think $10 billion is the starting point. And I don't think anybody's going to do for less than $10 billion, unless you're going to do something, sub par. So, it's a fair question to ask. 
Rob Goldstein: But we're not in that business. We're not going to Hokkaido, we're not going to -- we're going to be in a top tier city which would mandate $10 billion, and that may be light. I mean the cost of building in Japan is a big issue and the way the deals are structured, it's a challenge. And we're the guys who -- we spent $6 billion years ago and we spent 13 or 14 and 15, we were used to writing big checks. But, all that money one IR does make you stop and pinch yourself and say, can you get the returns that your shareholders deserve. 
Rob Goldstein: We're not there yet. It's always fair, anything we look at, we look at, in the end it's really Sheldon and the Board to make that decision. But, everything we look at is predicated on return on invested capital. We have a great balance sheet, the reason why we don't do the things just to do them. We do them because they make great sense for the company and I think Macao -- by the way, it's hard to be the opportunities we face in Macao and Singapore. Those two growth opportunities, we're spending billions in both -- but it's money that's so well spent. Our Macao results, I hope I can't wait for a couple of years now to see the results we're doing in the Macao, both in the Londoner and the Four Seasons . I can't wait to see the result of all the infrastructure, the government's doing there is exceptionally good for the market. It's been a great, and very enjoyable to watch Macao from a infrastructural development. The new trains coming to Gongbei, all the infrastructural improvements there are really helpful to the market, and as we have tip our hat to the government for doing that. Same thing in Singapore, what we're building there with that theater, and those new rooms is going to be a very, very good thing for this company in terms of invested capital returns.  Japan will take a little more thought process. We're starting, not writing off, we're deep into it and we'd like to be there, but to your point, we've got to make sure, at the end of the day, it's prudent and the returns Sheldon's always said 20. So, it's going to be a big number to make it work. 
Rob Goldstein: Shaun, that thing's referenced page 19 ongoing strategic reinvestment. Page 19 gives you a great snapshot of our timing on this thing. You're right, we had a little delay in some of the issues in the Macao, but I think we're going to get to these timelines that we feel pretty confident. That Four Seasons, pretty much -- there is gaming happening as we speak today in the Four Seasons Macao. There is a new gaming salons -- I think 13 tables open. We are working through the room issues. The rooms, by the way, there is 290 of them. These are immense 2,000 square foot to 4,700 square foot, so these are mind-blowing suites relative to the market today. The Londoner, again -- there's rooms open -- about 150 open currently already. The gaming salons have not started nor the facade, that will happen in 2020 and into 2021. There has been some slippage due to the process there, but it's moving ahead.  We have rooms opened in the Four Seasons? Yes, we will by Chinese New Year have some rooms open. But fully complete it probably, unfortunately, it will be second quarter of ‘20. My mom used to tell me, all good things are worth waiting for, they'll be worth waiting for. It's going to be a game changer; Four Seasons is a whole new place, a whole new world that will be the best product in Macao in terms of size and quality, and I think Londoner will be a very strong sister to the Venetian. So, that page is very -- it says it all. Tells you the dates and times, and it answers all your questions. 
Rob Goldstein: Well, the numbers speak themselves in Macao. It's been challenging there, and I think the government will deal with those issues in the Philippines, etc, is not my area to comment on. I think whatever happens, you can read about it like I do, in terms of the Chinese government's take on all that, and we'll leave that to the government. As far as Macao, we've been doing this a long time. We've watched that market ebb and flow, and we're certainly in a difficult time period. I'd like to say, it always resurrects, and it always seems to have in the past I believe will get better. I just don't know when, I don't know how. As you referenced, it's about 7% or 8% of our composite EBITDA. But yet, it does have a value to us, we love to pick up some more profitability there. One thing we are doing by building the Four Seasons product, and even the Londoner, our portfolio is just tailor-made now for that junket space of the junket resurrection, if and when it happens. I really don't want to pretend to know, how and when that comes back. I've been wrong in the past, thinking it will be a difficult time, and they were on some life support situations a couple of years ago and they climb back up the hill, all the way. I'm rooting for them, we want to see it get better, but it's hard for me. We spend a lot of time in Macao, listening to a lot of people, there is a lot of divergent opinions. I would say, we're rooting for that segment. We believe that segment will get better, but I just don't know how to be -- give you insight, that's valuable as to when and how it resurrects. So, without avoiding the question, that's an honest answer. 
Patrick Dumont: So, I think this goes back to the original fundamental story of the company. One thing our Chairman has been expert at and the company has been very strongly supported by is allocation of capital. And so, if you look at the developments that our Chairman has pursued, they've always been large scale with very high returns. And so that underpins any decision we make about any new potential new jurisdiction. Conveniently, it also works hand and glove with our ability to return capital to shareholders over time as our CapEx rolls off. So, this is the framework that we use when we look at any jurisdiction. So, to think about it in terms of leverage, as the Chairman mentioned in his opening remarks, we have an investment grade balance sheet and that's been a work in progress over many years. So, very proud to achieve the levels of leverage that we have today, with our prudent financial management that we've exhibited has produced results, and gives us a lot of flexibility to pursue really any jurisdiction that comes available. From that standpoint, right now, if you go to Page 8 in the deck, you can kind of see a snapshot of where our leverage is. On a total consolidated basis, we're 2.3 times, on a net basis 1.5 times. So, it really depends on the timing of cash flows. We've built some developments recently, the Parisian, you can kind of see the development schedule there. We laid out in our last quarter's presentation how we would handle Marina Bay Sands expansion. That kind of gives you a sense of how we would look to spend capital, as we create a new development. But as a practical matter, given some of the growth that we anticipate from the CapEx that we hope to spend over the next three years, we hope to maintain leverage levels in our current context.  I think particularly when you give credit for pro forma EBITDA as the developments get closer to fruition. So, when you look at what we're doing really, this is a transformational story of our company. This is the second leg of a very large investment scheme. We're expanding in our two best markets, we're deploying billions of dollars of capital into Singapore, deploying billions of dollars of capital currently into Macao and opening probably our most competitive and best prepared product.  So, we're very excited over the next couple of years and hopefully that will provide an additional natural deleveraging and facilitate additional capital return. 
Patrick Dumont: So, if you go to Page 61 in our deck, I realize it's way in the back. We are actually laying out all the -- we actually lay out all the hotel rooms, including new capacity which we've highlighted. So that should probably …. 
Patrick Dumont: Just to be clear, the $10 billion is likely in the prime city locations are being discussed. Right, there may be other locations in smaller cities besides the main cities of Japan, where the investment entry cost would be lower. 
Patrick Dumont: Sure. So, in Japan, we are very confident in our ability to execute in a rate of resort there, to the standards of all of our other developments. I think, it would be helpful for us to look in the Japan market and find partners that could be useful to assist in the overall development, and that could be partners that we trade with, that could be partners that invest with us. We're really meeting with people now, attempting to understand the dynamics of each individual market and looking to develop relationships to see how we can be helpful and they could be helpful to us. So, much like some of the other potential concessionaires in the market, we're looking around to see if it's viable, how it might work and what the mechanics would be, but it's something that could be very helpful if we come to the right structure and the right set up. 
Patrick Dumont: So, I think when our Board meets quarterly and when our management team talks with the Chairman, we really think about total capital allocation, and one thing that's been a hallmark of our Chairman's activities and developments as I said before is really that capital allocation. You can't just think of the share repurchase without considering our CapEx and our dividends. If you go to Page 29 and you look at the remarks that the Chairman made at the beginning the call, you'll see that we in effect committed to spend north of $5 billion over the next couple of years. And so, we think reinvesting in the business is a much stronger indication of our view of the potential growth that we have, versus return of capital through share repurchases. We've always said that the cornerstone of our capital return policy is the dividend. You see that the Chairman raised the dividend $0.08 for the upcoming year, which we're very excited about, we think it's very shareholder friendly. And, if you look at the capital expenditures that we intend to make this year, and in the years coming up we feel very strong, these will be very high return projects. And we think these projects will facilitate a much greater level of capital return over time. So, we're being very cautious with the way that we purchase shares, and as we said before, it's something that we would modulate as our cash flows become available. So, what you're really looking at is a holistic view of capital investment, the dividend cornerstone program and then excess cash flow being returned to shareholders through repurchases. 
