Sheldon G. Adelson: What we're hearing from various people is anywhere from 99% to 100% certainty the bill is going to come up this Diet session, but we got to look at the bill, the original bill. They may have changed it since, but the original bill called for a one-year period to determine the who, what, when, where, why, and how of Integrated Resort with casino. So, we got to see what happens over the next year. Are we there? We are there. We have people there. We have a head of Asian Global Development, George Tanasijevich. They're – quite frequently, I go not frequently but not infrequently. And I'm going again, I think, in a month or so.
Sheldon G. Adelson: I'm going in December. We'll see what the bill says when it passes. We are in touch with Osaka quite frequently. And I think that Osaka, from the scuttlebutt we hear, thinks that we are the best company to do that. Of course, we got to consider what position that will put us in vis-à-vis Tokyo. So, we don't know whether or not they'll allow one foreign company to have two locations, or they might do more than two locations. In any event, it's very optimistic, and I've always stated, based upon my many visits and conversations with people in Korea that if Japan legalizes casino gaming for its population, that Korea will rapidly do the same thing. We don't know that for sure, but that's speculation.
Sheldon G. Adelson: Everybody would reasonably think that if we opened another property on the Cotai Strip that we would have some cannibalization of the other property. The amazing thing is that not only do we not have cannibalization, we have improvement in visitation and improvement in business in our other properties. Look, this is the only property of its type in the world. It is a behemoth, single hotel with 850 retail stores. We put Macao on the retail map, unquestionably. We have 2 million square feet of MICE space. We have actually six casinos because Lots 5 and 6 are two different casinos, although we count the whole thing as Sands Cotai Central 1. As soon as we open the connection between The Parisian and the Four Seasons, we can safely and accurately say that you don't have to leave the building or an air-conditioned space to go to any one of the 13,000 hotel rooms, none. You don't have to leave air-conditioned space. What other property in the world has that? There's no city in the world that has it. This is truly the Cotai Strip.
Sheldon G. Adelson: Well, we've been targeting the market seriously, but there was a potpourri of different properties. Now that we'll have 13,000 rooms that you won't have to leave the building to access, it's going to make quite a bit of difference. That will be a real plus to attract various groups. We just had a 20,000-person group when we were there. It took up all our hotels in Macao. So we're putting a pedestrian walkway between Lot 6, which is the southernmost end of Sands Cotai Central and The Parisian. That will be a very big and very productive pedestrian overpass. Once you have the Cotai Strip and that many rooms and that many ballrooms, exhibition space, ballrooms, and breakout meeting rooms, there's no place like it in the world. So, this ought to attract an awful lot of other people. People could come to a city, go to a – excuse me, a MICE event and never have to leave the building. They won't have to rent cars. They will just take a bus or a taxi to one of the hotels, and then they can go anywhere. Go ahead.
Sheldon G. Adelson: We're 74% of the market. There's got to be something we're doing right and our competitors are not doing. Another we've got this behemoth one-stop shop for everything, unprecedented in the world. I think we're going to continue to have a high hotel occupancy and continued increases in our gaming market.
Sheldon G. Adelson: I think can it do what The Venetian – look, The Venetian is so powerful. The visitation went up and the gaming business increased. You're looking at what we're calling around here a behemoth hotel, a behemoth integrated resort.
Sheldon G. Adelson: Yeah. And it's a big one. We're sailing in unchartered waters. I hope that The Parisian can equal what The Venetian has been doing. But right now, it's not indicated. It's doing very well. We're averaging 40,000 people a day. Our restaurants are so full, it's tough to get a seat. So we're taking out some straight retailers and adding some more restaurants. It was really designed – the government wanted a three-star hotel. A lot of the rooms are designed as four-star. But The Venetian is very unique, every room is a suite. And so there is no star rating that you could say it's a six-star hotel or a five-star deluxe. It's tough to compare any of the hotel to The Venetian. The quality and the critical mass of The Venetian, the size of the casino, the loyalty that it has and following from people who come to the mass market, I don't know. I certainly would hope so, but if not, if it doesn't equal The Venetian, it should get a lot closer than the other properties there.
Patrick Dumont: Yeah. Unfortunately, we're not going to comment on current quarter, but we'll be happy to update you in January how we did.
Patrick Dumont: I think it's an interesting question. I think a lot of it would depend on the expectations of future cash flow growth from the year that you just described. So, as we said before, there's a very careful evaluation process that goes into the dividend planning. And so, it would have to be taken in the context the future growth of the company, the future growth of cash flows, and our view of sustainability of growth of the dividend. So, those are the thoughts that go into the dividend decision both at SCL and at LVS. The dividend is a cornerstone of our return of capital strategy, and it's very important for us to keep it going in a sustainable and a growing way in the future. So while we can't comment specifically on how we view the SCL dividend and increase in EBITDA, we really hope that it happens and we're looking forward to the continued growth of The Parisian and the Cotai Strip in the future. So we'll come back to you with more information as our EBITDA continues to grow.
Patrick Dumont: One thing to add is that if you look at the margin of The Parisian, and you look at the margin of the overall property set on a normalized basis, The Parisian is geared for growth. So, that as we continue to grow revenues there and as we increase play volumes in the very high margin mass and premium mass segments, you'll see that that margin will actually creep up closer to the margin of the consolidated property set as a whole. So, that the cost base is in and that we should get pretty good operating leverage as we continue to get increased play.
Patrick Dumont: So, I think we've always used the dividend as the cornerstone of our return to capital policy. It's very important to us. It's something that we view as fundamental. We always viewed share repurchases as a way to return excess capital to shareholders in an efficient manner in an opportunistic way. So, as our cash flows grow, we'll feel more confident about returning capital in terms of increasing dividends, but also in terms of using the share repurchase authorization and actually buying back some stock. So, as our cash flows grow, you should look to us to be more aggressive in the way we return capital to shareholders.
Patrick Dumont: So it's a discussion that we have quite frequently, and I think the way we think about it is if you look at the timing of cash flows acquired to fund The Parisian, it's actually a fairly long development cycle where cash comes out of the system probably over three to four years, and there's a lot of visibility going through the development of these projects. So given where we are in our divided growth cycle and hopefully the trajectory of growth that we're seeing in Macao, we'll have some ability to do some planning work and hopefully, what the chairman says holds true and we end up getting opportunities in either Japan or Korea or both. So the timing of this should work favorably in the future depending on the dividend growth rate we choose and the requirements for funding these developments if they were to occur in the future.
Robert Goldstein: Hey, Joe. It's Rob. I'll take Singapore first. As you know, we had a weak quarter last quarter in that most critical segment, the non-rolling slot ETG segment. We're disappointed. We were honest about that three months ago. We're very happy to see a return to what's been the status quo for a couple of years at $4.8-plus million a day at a 60-plus percent margin. We said more activity on the floor of both foreign – mostly foreign activity, we had more overnight stays from Indonesia, Malaysia driving that, really encouraging because as we said to you, time and time again, maybe ad nauseam that that is the segment drives MBS. So, it was a great return for the quarter, solid performance, more foreign visitation, more use of the MBS room product and I think the aberration of Q2 is behind us. So, we feel very good about that, a bit of a sigh of relief after a weak Q2. As for Macao, as Sheldon referenced in his opening remarks, we're just really encouraged by the must-see destination appeal of that property and I would say to you that it's more encouraging than, I think Sheldon's comments said it very well in terms of – it's a destination resort that's got all kinds of traffic and all kinds of people pouring in everyday. So perhaps the most encouraging thing to us though is the positive impact we are seeing at Four Seasons, Venetian. Sheldon referenced the retail uptick into Four Seasons, but we're seeing also uptick in the retail mall, the room demand. The Venetian had a very strong quarter. We feel encouraged that our strategy of critical mass and running this 12,000 or 13,000 co-sites almost as one resort. We almost see it as one integrated resort with 13,000 sleeping rooms, plenty of casino capacity, 13,000 restaurant seats, 800 retail stores, and the ability through pricing power, diverse...
Robert Goldstein: Okay 850. I tried to cheat us by 50 stores, but I think the truth is we're seeing renewed power there and energy into our buildings, and it gives us unique pricing power, it gives us the ability to offer the customers diversity. If you want the Four Seasons versus the Holiday Inn, all kinds of retail, I think you've been to retail in The Parisian. It's extraordinary. It is not the same stuff you see in the rest of Macao. And what makes this so wonderful is, it is diverse, it is different, more fashion-forward, and the theming is great. And curbside appeal of The Parisian theming is great. But as well we're doing at Parisian, we're even more encouraged by the synergistic feel we are getting for the rest of the buildings. As for the competition, I really can't say they're much different. I think a lot of people are happy to see The Parisian open because it creates more traffic in that critical Cotai corridor and it grabs more trial into Cotai. So, I think everyone is benefiting honestly from The Parisian traffic. It's clearly been a very, very powerful opening, and we benefit mostly, as you know, Sheldon's critical mass strategy is most in evidence when there's holidays, weekends, high-volume periods, that's when we really drive some terrific numbers. And I think we're seeing that again and again with The Parisian. Everybody is participating. I think all the new properties got a little taste of the business coming to Cotai, coming to see The Parisian, but I think we're benefiting more than anybody. I think we're benefiting because we have a 13,000 room IRR there. So very encouraged by both its performance, its impact, and we hope our competitors share our enthusiasm.
Robert Goldstein: Actually, Joe, what Sheldon just spoke about is in sync with that market today. What's really happening is the mass market driven by lots of body count, lots of overnight stays, lots of demand for retail and restaurants and sleeping rooms. I think we have the right product that's in sync with the market in Macao today, and it's reflective in these numbers, and as that market continues to ramp forward, ramp up, I think we'll be a very, very happy participant.
Robert Goldstein: Can I jump in, Harry, just behind Sheldon? It's Rob. I just want give you a little historical context. Twenty-some years ago when we started here in Las Vegas, as you well know, there was no one who wanted to put hotel rooms to convention customers because we were seen as, how can I say it politely, we weren't seen in favor of midweek rooms. In fact, people used to fight against COMDEX and fight against conventions and fight against groups. Obviously, that's all changed today. Any earnings call from any major Las Vegas company, that group segment that Sheldon pioneered has become the dominant reason why people can build hotel rooms here for midweek occupancy. It took many, many years, and a lot of people had to be turned around the non-gaming potential. I think the same thing is happening, as you watch it evolve right now, the same philosophy is going to happen in Macao. For the first time, you've got an abundance of rooms. You don't have a plethora of VIP guests to fill those rooms. And so, I think our competitors as well as our 13,000 rooms are available for the first time. We have the group space that Sheldon built, and that group space hasn't been fully utilized. But now, with demand midweek being what it is and with lots of sleeping rooms in Macao, I think you'll see the evolution of that non-gaming business, the hotel room customers Sunday through Thursday, becoming very important in the years to come. The same way when we built the retail that Sheldon referenced, people chuckled and said, no one goes to shop in Macao. Obviously, they do. That's going to happen, and while the evolution of that meeting space that Sheldon authored in Las Vegas and now he did it in Macao, you know it's going to become important, and it's just a question of time. The junket demise and the VIP midweek difficulties will make that very appealing to everybody on the Cotai Strip to fill it with very good group business that's both high rate paying and because they're getting more Asian, there's more of an opportunity for gambling opportunities at night. So, I think that's a train that's starting to leave the station. It's been a slow coming, but there has been enough room product or enough other companies that wanted to participate. Just like it happened in Vegas, it's going to happen in Macao. It's ahead of us. It's not today, still down the road, but it's going to happen.
Robert Goldstein: No. It's Rob. I think the second question, we'll take first. We're obviously happy to grow with every property, any property. The competition in Macao and Cotai is hard, strong. Our growth, though, I think, comes from our diversity in our pricing, and frankly, what makes us so unique, as I referenced earlier, was the ability to sleep people in the Four Seasons or the St. Regis as well as the Holiday Inn product. It's a very diverse mix of rooms. And we're not seeing a lot of change. We're doing better in the premium mass. Perhaps, we'd like to see more base mass pick up, but we attribute that to there's so much new product, new sleeping rooms, another 600 table games in the last year. So there's going to be some trial even from our customers that goes to see other properties, because the properties out there are very, very good and they're worth seeing. But we're not seeing a whole lot of difference in terms of the – the properties remain constant. Our strongest performer from a premium mass basis is our Sands Cotai Central. That's our weakest performer from a pure mass basis. The Venetian is the juggernaut. It does it all. It's amazing property. It has everything you want it to have. It's got incredible sleeping rooms, a large casino, a fabulous retail product, it's tied to the Four Seasons physically and now it's tied to The Parisian. So, again, diversity of pricing, diversity of product, be it lodging, be it retail, be it gaming, is where we excel and we really excel weekends and holidays. As our comp ratios, they really haven't changed much at all. We must be clear. Sheldon referenced the 1.1 billion impressions we got on our social media approach. I think that bodes well. We are in the hotel selling business for a long time. A lot of people are new to Cotai or in Macao because it's been a VIP-dominant market. But our competitors are smart. They're going to get there very quickly and figure out how some hotel rooms. We've just been doing it for a lot longer. We have more armor. We have more bullets in the gun because if you look at our convention ability, we're the only guys in town with that much group space to fill midweek. We're the only people in town with a large-scale arena. We've been putting these massive arena shows. So, we have an unfair competitive advantage when it comes to selling rooms. We've been doing it longer. We have more product doing better. We're not a boutique company. We're not a premium mass company only. We do it all in the mass space. So we've not seen a change in our ratios as far as comp cash. We have seen more competitive pressure, which we welcome. It's good for Cotai. We welcome more sleeping rooms on the Cotai Strip because we think in the end we get the lion's share of that business. And as that market continues to ramp, we will be its biggest participant in the growth.
Robert Goldstein: Right. I'm not sure we understand the question totally, but what Sheldon referenced was a 6% year-over-year growth in table game in mass and 15% in the premium segment. We think the market numbers – if you see October's numbers as reported by the government and you see what's happening to market. There's clearly a trend here. We're getting better customers in the market. We're getting more spend in the market. I can't see the correlation to more spend per customer. I can be clear about that. But I think what we are seeing...
Robert Goldstein: Yeah. I think what we're seeing is just lots of visitation and we're seeing lots of growth and we're very encouraged by that. I wouldn't be so bold to say we can correlate those two. But clearly visitation is, it is what it is and revenues are growing and they're growing – I think, somebody made a comment, they grew well in October. If it had not been for a couple weather instances and there was a lot of things happening, it may have been double digit. We're looking for that double-digit growth for the whole market. And again, we are a big believer in the rising tide theory. Obviously if Macao grows at 12% to 15%, we'd all make money. We'd all grow together. And that's what we hope happens in October, November, and beyond. We're looking for solid growth, mass, premium mass and all participants. Let's all grow in the same boat.
Robert Goldstein: Jon, I think Sheldon's comments are excellent. I think you have to be careful. Look, The Venetian has been operating for almost a decade. It's got an immense loyalty. It's so sticky, it's unbelievable. The quality of people in there, the size of retail, size of food and beverage, the room product. It's a very unique product and the answer is no. The Parisian can't get to The Venetian numbers. It can do very well. It can ramp and grow. But you're comparing apples and oranges because I think it was built in a different time. It was a lone wolf out there back in 2007 when we opened that thing. It's got unique everything, from rooms, to food and beverage. We have too much. We have lot of great food and beverage. We don't have that same scale in The Parisian. We don't have the room product we have in The Venetian. It's unfair. But I do think The Parisian is going to keep ramping, keep growing, getting stronger by the day. I also think the one thing it has going for is it's going to cross traffic very well with the Four Seasons, and that should give The Parisian more lift, a lift at Four Seasons as well. Think about what we have there with all those unique room pricing across the SCC. We have the product in the Four Seasons. We have The Venetian. We have all that great retail with Four Seasons shops which is getting stronger by the day. So, it's going to help Parisian. But I think it's unrealistic to think it's going to approach Venetian numbers. Venetian is $1.2 billion. You referenced $1.6 billion, $1.7 billion at the peak. It's hard for me to see it getting there. Great property, great start, but those are very big numbers. That is the juggernaut in Macao.
Robert Goldstein: Sure. Well, let's be clear, the reason for that, Thomas, as I think you know, is that they're very different products. SCC is a very powerful room product that is more dependent. It opened at a different time, as well, but it's dependent on premium mass customers. That's the calling card for SCC. It does very well, but it's a premium mass house. It doesn't have the themed walk-in free traffic. The Parisian is getting ridiculous walk-in traffic that it's free business. They walk-in, they gamble. Some sleep there; some don't. But the margins are great because of that. What it doesn't have yet is that premium mass customer that we get at the SCC. So the margins are going to be better I think for quite a while at The Parisian because they're paying retail for the room, or we're comping less people. SCC is much more comp driven and different time, as well. The interesting part is going to be how does it intersect with when the Four Seasons bridge is completed, how much crossover we get on weekends, holidays from that high-end Four Seasons customer, and we get more premium mass to gravitate. The race in Macao for the premium mass is a big one. There's a lot of people out there with great products that are looking for that segment. So, can we grow that segment quickly at The Parisian? That remains to be seen. The SCC is our biggest premium mass customer, but that's our biggest comp house and frankly our biggest – it's soft to the margins as a result of that. The Parisian has just overwhelmed us with demand. So, we've got to figure out how to take advantage of that demand and offer the customers the kind of things they want to satisfy that segment. But I think it's clear that the SCC got off in a different time and was much more of a different product. It didn't have any free traffic. It doesn't have much to this day. So, different products, different margins.
Robert Goldstein: I don't think any of The Parisian for what, 18 days, 17 days, can make a real bold statement about that property. It's just so young. It's just not as – I think after this full quarter, we'll have a better look at what that property can do.
Robert Goldstein: Yeah. We're definitely seeing more of a mass-mass, base mass customer to The Parisian as the dominant customer right now. What we're trying to sort through is we want to be more aggressive on the premium mass side or direct that over to Four Seasons, Venetian, SCC and can attract new customers obviously, which the real goal will be to attract fresh customers in the building. But the dominant segment right now at The Parisian certainly is a mass gaming customer, not a – we had good junket play there for the few we have, actually very solid junket play, but our premium mass is not as exciting as other properties. It's mass-driven at this point.
Robert Goldstein: Well, for those, we have data on, it's coming from Guangdong, from the Mainland China. Guangdong, there's a lot of unrated business in that building, so it's hard to tell everybody since, again, unrated, we don't have the data we would have on people asleep in the hotel or people have ratings in the casino. Again, this is a brand new building that we're just gratified the run rate appears to be strong after the first, what, 17 to 18 days. We're very happy with it. We are more happy with just the awareness of the property. The sheer foot traffic in that building is – at the opening night, I went down to the casino floor, and it was overwhelming, but it stayed that way for that entire week. So, we're just gratified at the customer acceptance, and we – again, I think it's hard. We're going to get tougher and tougher on breaking numbers out, because this integrated behemoth strategy Sheldon referenced with a – basically a 13,000 hotel, we're going to get less and less able to differentiate because I think we're going to use our pricing power, multitude of hotel room capacity, our multitude of gaming capacity, our retail diversity, we're going to try real hard to price this thing according to the customer demand, move the customer demand around our portfolio, and run this thing to maximize cost efficiencies but provide a great customer experience based on your budget and your demand. So, it may just be that The Parisian is being wildly helpful to making that portfolio stronger. We're encouraged. Early returns are terrific. It's a base mass hotel at this point. It's not driven by premium mass, and it isn't driven by junket, although we have some good junket play in there.
Robert Goldstein: What's strong on the hotel side, again, I think Sheldon referenced it, we had terrific demand outside of our usual database for Mainland China. The social media approach here was just terrific, and the people who work for us there, exemplary work. Our team should be applauded for what was an incredible launch. So, we're seeing a lot of new business. It's not database. It's fresh customers coming in from Mainland China who want to see the product. It's just people. I think Sheldon referenced, number two behind The Venetian is places you want to see. And let's be honest, that themed approach, that is the magic elixir, that people want to see that Parisian themed approach, the Eiffel Tower. That façade has great curbside appeal. It is driving all kinds of awareness. It's easy to understand it when you watch the videos, when you watch the social media stuff. It's just easy to understand. Just standing outside that building, no place ever had that many people outside talking selfies in the tower or the façade of the building. We're in new waters here with new customers that we like seeing. I'm not sure we're stealing share as much as creating new demand from China for the sleeping rooms. But the gaming, as I referenced, is still in its early days, but we got to decide how much we want to push into the premium business there because it's a mass powerhouse so far. But again, 17, 18 days, we're reporting this quarter, hardly enough time to understand the power of The Parisian. But we are thrilled with the acceptance of it. We're thrilled with the walk traffic. You've never seen walk traffic. I've been going to Macao since the 1980s. I've never seen people walking back and forth in droves between the Four Seasons and The Parisian. It's pretty staggering. And again, our team, our marketing folks in Macao did some great work on the social media side.
Robert Goldstein: I can only speak, Carlo, for our portfolio, but I don't think it's temporary. I think this is not obviously our portfolio material to our composite EBITDA. It's rather unimportant at this point. I don't know how it recovers in any meaningful way. We are a mass-driven house, premium mass-driven house. It's become the point where we offer that opportunity for the customers who want it because it's part of our diversity, but I don't see how it gets much stronger with all that's happening in China and all that's happening both from a economy's perspective and a compliance AML perspective. I just think that's a market that – I said a couple of years ago and people were very upset. And I thought it's going to be very, very tough sleding, and it's a broken model and I think it remains broken as far as I can tell. I can't speak for our competitors, but from the LVS-SCL perspective, it's not a focal point. We won't turn it away, but we have to focus, we want to make our money. We make our money in table games, mass and premium mass, in slot machine, ETGs, we'll offer junkets and we'll wait for a better day, but we don't see that day coming in the next two quarters.
