Robert G. Goldstein: Sure. Thanks, Thomas. Just talk about our Macao business in general, and I'll answer your questions as well. The hotels are running about 94% occupancy and that's in a market that introduced 10,000 new sleeping rooms last three years. Just for commentary, our food and beverage sales exceeded $300 million annually, our 850 retail stores saw a 33% increase in sales and will soon grow about $0.5 billion a year contribution and our arena, which isn't spoke about much is, we carefully book with top stars from all over the world, this week Bruno Mars sells out numerous shows. Macao has become a full blown destination, has worked for China far beyond Guangdong and far beyond Hong Kong. The penetration into China is growing and growing and finding younger and more affluent customers who find Macao a compelling destination. As you know, the bridge opens up sometime this year and soon the entire Pacific Rim will be able to fly into Hong Kong and take a car to Macau, which makes it pretty extraordinary. As to your question, it's driven by both more gaming demand, higher demand from the gaming side but also higher cash demand. As you know, we run about 50/50 cash/comp, but the comp standard keeps rising as does the cash ADR. And the gaming portion of our business just keeps growing and is well balanced in all segments, whether it's Rolling or Non-Rolling, tables or slots, there's strong double-digit demand, which we believe is sustainable, and this is not 2013 or 2014 which is more rolling dependent. This is a mass of nongaming and gaming market. We're at the epicenter of this. If you look at page 11 in your deck, I think you'll see our strong mass table story. From both a base mass and premium mass perspective, it illustrates our growth and the power of this segment. So page 11 is worth a look as is page 15 which illustrates the growth of Macao's overall high-margin mass gaming segment, and that's the place we reside. And as Sheldon referenced, we'll keep aggressively investing in Macao. The Londoner is engaged and work begins later this year. We expect this property resemble The Venetian in terms of mass and premium feel from both a gaming, retail, and lodging perspective. Our Four Seasons St. Regis suite product will open in 2019 offering 600 additional suites. And one more point about our gaming business. Our junket capacity today is about 50% of where we want to be. By 2019 we could offer as many as 21 junket rooms as opposed to our current 11. And these rooms we fully renovate it with input from our partners with smoking rooms easy access. So we're fully committed to Macao. That's the market to be in. We're on a run rate of 3-plus billion dollars a year and growing, and I think the demand for rooms is insatiable. Hard to imagine, running 94-plus percent in a market that's grown so much capacity. It speaks so well to the penetration into China, it speaks well to the surging demand both from the gaming and nongaming perspective.
Robert G. Goldstein: Look at page 40 in your deck, Thomas. That might be helpful to understand the change I'll refer (00:17:50) to the non-rolling chip drop at Marina Bay Sands. We have adjusted and we have changed the methodology, and perhaps that's illustrative of what we're trying to do there. It just keeps our business instinct across the globe.
Robert G. Goldstein: Joe, I think you know this from years looking at Macao. The story we told years ago is actually occurring rapidly. The deep penetration into Mainland China, the deep growth of this market in terms of premium mass, it makes the margin appreciation easier to get to. So I think it's going to keep getting better and better. As we see more top line, we'll deliver stronger and stronger margins, and it's a very encouraging story from our perspective.
Robert G. Goldstein: I think it came down to $420 million. The hold-normalized, I think we showed $420 million for the quarter. And as you can tell by the numbers, there is de-acceleration in the Rolling segment. It's disappointing that segment has slowed down quite a bit. We held very well. The other aspects of our business look strong. Patrick referenced the sales per square foot in the mall, the ADR, the lodging business holding up nicely, and our slots and ETGs, the Non-Rolling business decent at $4.7 million. But there's a slowdown at the top line in terms of the (00:25:01). That's a pretty soft quarter. We just played very lucky against that business and are hoping to see a return to a better day, but right now that's the soft spot in Singapore. The rest of the business looks pretty decent.
Robert G. Goldstein: Well, it's higher for a couple reasons. One is they come from further away and I think they are very lifestyle driven. What our teams describe to us is this acceleration of younger people who are very affluent, bring their families, want to stay as much as four nights. They want to see Bruno Mars or whoever the star is that weekend, they want to shop at the stores, they want to go to the spa and they bring families, and they like to gamble. It's quite a great combination. So they are not necessarily – they stay longer as they gamble more and they have more time to spend in our shops. It's a positive thing, but more positive is as you can see by that chart on page 13, the acceleration of demand outside of Guangdong is incredible. And I think when you start seeing the Pacific Rim property at the (00:26:33) airport and the transportation via bridges there, hopefully that process or that approach keeps getting better for us. We have 13,000, soon 13,600 sleeping rooms, pretty powerful products we have coupled with our 850 shops and our spas and our entertainment. So the answer is they spend more time, they spend more money, they're younger and there is more of them coming every day, and so very positive trend for Macao. I think our properties are built for this customer, and this customer is showing up in mass, and so we believe this quarter is – really I think this quarter redefines where Macao is going in our mind. It's becoming a very, very impressive place, a retail destination, a spa destination, an eating, lodging, lifestyle destination. We're very encouraged by the things we're seeing, our trends. Our team is very excited about what's happening to our business in Macao.
Robert G. Goldstein: Well, yeah, of course, we collect data the same way we've always collected data. We have extensive database, we have extensive information of customers because that's the nature of this business, isn't it. So, of course, we have extensive data on our customer, yes.
Robert G. Goldstein: Before Patrick, I'll just say I think it's going to – Shaun, obviously margins are driven by two different variables, but the top line is growing and the quality of customer is growing, and that makes margins easier to achieve. And I think our team has demonstrated an ability to deliver top line coupled with margin and great flow-through. I think it gets better. I don't think it's a question – just I hope it gets better, not de-accelerate. I think we have with our offerings and with our team's approach to this premium mass customer, if we get our junket business where I hope we can get it to, which couples up nicely with premium mass, I would think we'd see more top line business which would create more flow-through. So I don't think we have much risk of it de-accelerating. Patrick.
Robert G. Goldstein: Yeah. Look, we're not happy with our VIP segment. We can do better. We want to do better. People think because we're so dominant in the slot business, ETG, not only table that we should see that segment growth. We're not going to do that at all. Just the opposite. We have spent a lot of capital, a lot of time with our partners to create we think are the best environments, most accessible, egress access, smoking friendly. In terms of 2019 January, our goal is to accelerate our VIP play because we think it's important both as a segment unto itself, but as you know, it offers crossover opportunities into premium mass. So we're very happy that we are investing large amounts of dollars and time in an approach that we think will grow our junket business and other segments as well. We're not finished. We want to be a much bigger player in that segment, and we've got some wonderful partners that we're listening to very carefully to grow that segment.
Robert G. Goldstein: Yeah, we do. Very simply put, all new products in the market, be it the rail, be it the bridge, anything and everything that drives more base and more business in that market, we're hugely in support of and excited about. I think we've waited a long time. I think I was 28 when they started that bridge and I'm now almost 41. So it's been a long time. But we're damn excited about the bridge. It offers a whole new entrée into different segments. The real story in Macao, yes, it's Hong Kong, it's Guangdong. But the real growth potential resides outside of Guangdong. And you see it in that one slide. We've done that for years. It's really actually happening where the growth in those markets are extraordinary. I also believe the Rim can open up too. The Macao in the 40 years I've been going there, it's become a wonderful destination. The government has done extraordinary job, and we've invested billions of dollars to make it a place that is extraordinary. What's happening in Cotai is nothing short of an exemplary development of a property that has opened up wonderful IRRs to a bunch of people. So as the infrastructure completes the picture for both local and for foreign tourism, we're going to be at the epicenter and believe as that can drive more business, both base and premium mass. So, of course, we're both supportive and enthused about what's happening there. It can only be good for us. We're the biggest player in the market in terms of hotel rooms, lodging, retail, gaming capacity. We intend to be aggressive in trying to create more capacity there. So, sure it's a positive for us, of course.
Robert G. Goldstein: I think it's more about a hold percentage. As we're dropping the kind of volume we're doing, Felicia, these numbers are so extraordinary. I hate to – I've said this a few times. And the truth is a point here, a point there makes a big difference. So if you pick up a point Q-on-Q, we actually lost a point, a hold percentage; on the kind of volumes we're doing it's pretty extraordinary. So I can't do much about that. We play a point lucky. If we start talking $20 billion, $25 billion of a drop in a year, a point means a lot. It's like real money. And the story is we actually had a nice – we had that nice sequential growth in the quarter but we didn't hold as well, we dropped a point in hold, that's the whole story. I think our mass table business and our premium mass table business just continue to outperform even our expectations here in Las Vegas. So it's simply a hold percentage, we're up single-digit, about 6%, 7% I think Q-on-Q and up I think 21% year-on-year. So, factoring a point here in hold percentage, we held 22.7% versus 21.8% and therein lies the drop off.
Robert G. Goldstein: Well, I think so. We did have a record quarter. $140 million EBITDA. I've been here since we opened, that's the best quarter in our history. So we're doing something very right. And the nice thing is it's not about hold percentage or luck, we held within the expected range, we had a strong MICE business, strong ADR coming out of FIT, incredible banquet demand, it was $70-plus million in the quarter of food and beverage. Gaming business was really strong. Great Chinese New Year's, great international play, we held normal, nothing exceptional. So, if you can make $140 million in Las Vegas in a quarter without doing something lucky, that's pretty exceptional results. We're very proud of the team, margins look good, future looks bright. And our outsized results will depend on not – historically we've always been a very good performer in the lodging segment and the food and beverage. Our variable I think there is contingent upon getting more international play in the door. We did it this quarter. We played fortunately within the range and, boom, $140 million quarter which is exemplary.
Robert G. Goldstein: Yeah, that's fair to characterize. Our slot business was stellar. It remains strong and we're very happy with the margins and the topline. Our mass play, we have more work to do to get it to increase but that's the Las Vegas story across the board. It's not like Macao where you expect 20% and 30% growth. It's tougher here in Las Vegas. But international play, we need to get our – to show these kind of quarters successfully and sustainably, we need to get more international play and keep it. There was a time in our history, it was pretty commonplace. We fell off a bit and I think we're back to a better place. To deliver $150 million, $140 million, $130 million quarters, we're going to need a continued contribution of a drop from the table game side. But again, it was an exceptional hold, we're in the range with strong Asian play, strong Chinese New Year's coupled with amazing lodging results and strong F&B.
Robert G. Goldstein: Carlo, I don't want to talk, break out our numbers. We have a strong business premium direct and as I referenced earlier, I want to get better at the junket side, we're very happy with our premium direct business. We want to grow our junket business as I referenced and Sheldon referenced, we're dedicating capital and more importantly we're dedicating manpower and brainpower to figure out how to do better in that segment. We should do better. And we want to drive more VIP, let's be very clear about that. So, we're spending a lot of money on rooms at the direction of our partners, making sure access egress is good, making sure smoking friendly in gaming for 2019 (42:50). I won't break out the numbers but I will tell you we're growing in the junket segment, we're double-digit growth year-on-year and sequentially growing. But I want to see more. I think we need more because that segment is growing again and we should be bigger participants. And as I referenced earlier, there's a spillover effect in the premium mass. There's a value there. So, we are very laser focused on getting better with that segment. We're very happy with the other segments. We want to be better in our junket partner segment.
Robert G. Goldstein: I think you're absolutely right. They're more discerning. Their coffers are full of liquidity and so why not be balanced and why not enable our – people want to be a junket customer, go to the junket side; you want to be a premium direct, go that side. What we're seeing though, again our hotel rooms are getting more and more demand from further and further away. Those people tend to be less junket sensitive and more into the premium direct side, whereas Guangdong tends to be more junket preference. But it's not my job to tell people where to gamble, what to do. I just want to make sure they have access to capital and that we have access to sleeping rooms and junket rooms they want to play in. So, again, we're a equal opportunity gaming house. We want to give all kinds of opportunity to our customers to go to the place they want to gamble. We're happy wherever they gamble but you know and I know, liquidity is there, growth is there, and they're darn good partners to have. So, we're very happy to work with them.
Patrick Dumont: We're constantly looking at our table mix at our play historically and looking at the math behind achieving the correct theoretical volumes. So in doing that that was the review that we went into, and we actually revised the hold normalization range in Macao based on the volume of play and the historical averages. When we think about Marina Bay Sands, we're constantly evaluating it. So if you look at our hold percentage over time, you'll see that we typically are holding outside of that range. So it is something that we constantly look at, and when there is math to support that change, we'll definitely review it.
Patrick Dumont: I think our answer to that is the same one that we had in prior quarter. I think it's the best retail asset in the world today. If you look at the growth that we've experienced just in the last quarter alone, you can see that sales per square foot for Marina Bay Sands on the trailing 12 months for the first quarter were above $1,700 a square foot. There are not many malls of that size globally that have that type of productivity. So from our standpoint, it's an unbelievable asset and one that has trophy status at the highest level. So from our standpoint, it should be very attractive to any potential investor. That being said, there's really nothing to talk about at this time, but eventually we hope to be able to achieve the cap rates the Chairman has alluded to in prior calls.
Patrick Dumont: Sure. Hey, Joe. So, a couple of comments. I think a couple quarters ago, we reviewed some of our cost-cutting measures and call it cost offsetting measures in order to try to mitigate expanding cost as the business grew. And I think you can see some of the benefits of that. I have to hand it to the team there, did a great job. If you look at our margins, you can see the deck on page 10. Our hold normalized adjusted property EBITDA margin was 29.1%, which – excuse me, our EBITDA grew 29.1%. Our margin itself was 36.4%, excuse me. That's an incredibly strong flow through percentage, and we feel very confident that as revenues continue to grow, as the mass market is deeper and more developed in our property portfolio, we'll have the ability to continue that margin, potentially expand a little bit further. I'd like to point out that we did a nice job with our controllable expenses and managing those. There are obviously variable expenses related to gaming taxes and other things, but those are out of our control as play grows. But from a controllable expenses standpoint, we've worked very hard to ensure that those only grow at the minimum levels in order to support our customer base. And I think you can see that today in our margin and the expansion that we showed just across the year even on a normalized basis. So I think we're pretty happy with our margins. We feel there's some more opportunity there as we continue to get improved flow through from the mass market because it is such high margin, and we look forward to taking advantage of that as the market grows.
Patrick Dumont: I think the current environment should allow for what Rob just described. I think the team there has done a great job. I think the market itself is very favorable on the revenue side and we hope to see continued and further margin expansion in the upcoming quarters. Of course, there is no way to predict what will happen, but we feel very confident that we will be able to manage cost appropriately.
