Daniel Briggs: Thank you, Pia. And thank you, all, for joining us. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provisions of Federal Securities laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in these forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release under the caption Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS and adjusted property EBITDA, which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, let me please introduce our Chairman, Mr. Sheldon G. Adelson.
Daniel Briggs: Visitation is relatively flat, Shaun, between the second quarter and the third quarter into the casino. But visitation to the property continues to increase, and will continue to increase as you bring more folks into the area with the train that's coming first quarter next year.
Daniel Briggs: Yes, I'd like to just make one comment for those on the phone. I think that one of the things you begin to see now is a steady, more consistent management group that's now been in place, which is helping to produce the results and the EBITDA margins. Also, the restructuring of the casino organization, which took place about 11 months ago, which is really driving the international marketing piece, as well as some other situations on the slot side.  And in general, I think we are very, very pleased and satisfied with the commitment that we've gotten from our people all over the company this year. And as the year is entering its last quarter, I want to just take this opportunity to publicly thank everybody for what they've done and for the contribution they're making.  And I think to just echo what Sheldon has said before, to be predictable and reliable requires not only the products that we've put on the marketplace and continue to put on the marketplace and the demands we're getting from other countries for our kind of products, but having the human resources to be able to do continue to deliver the kind of earnings per share increases that you see in this quarter.
K. J. Kay: Yes, Joe. It's Ken. I'll take the receivables, and Rob will probably address the commissions. As we talked about before, we're reserving somewhere on a quarterly basis between 3% and 7% of our rolling win. And this quarter, we're right in the middle of that, about 5.4%. And as we've talked about before, we go account by account with regard to all of the players down there and take a look at where we are. And this quarter, based upon the higher volume, we decided to go through with that 5.4%, and we're adequately reserved at the end of the quarter.
K. J. Kay: Sure. Mark, it's a number of customers coming out of Mainland China. It continues to be more important than Singapore, so is Hong Kong. There is some play out of Singapore, itself, mostly PR play. Indonesia, Malaysia, Korea, Japan, all important. But clearly, the strength of that RIM business is residing in Mainland China, whether it be mainland Chinese themselves, living in mainland or having a second home in Singapore. So I think the strength of the growth we're seeing in Singapore is primarily driven by mainland Hong Kong. But Singapore, itself, there's some business there as well. And the other markets we mentioned, Indonesia, Japan, Korea, et cetera.
K. J. Kay: I think it's a combination of the properties now that have been opened in excess of a year. It's a great property. It's a great place to do business. People really enjoy going to Singapore. Mainland Chinese people in particular are seeing they have a cultural predisposition to go there. I think our marketing team in the field is extraordinarily strong. It gets better as we hire more people over time. And I think what we're seeing is a lot of years of being in that business, and trying to contemplate today, we have multiple properties in Asia, and it's paying off in dividends now. So it is a concentrated business, but we have people working in Asia at this every day and focus on it. And you're seeing some of the benefits. I think that's the best way. We've always said slow and steady wins the race. We weren't going to do anything we weren't comfortable with. We stay very, very consistent in our thinking. And I think you're seeing the results of that thinking at this point.
K. J. Kay: Yes, sure. With regard to kind of the nonrecurring expenses, it was composed of 2 items. We finally got the property tax assessment from the government. And as a result of that, part of what we had to accrue this quarter pertained to 2010. So it was about $3.6 million of it was prior year. And then there was about $2.4 million of kind of onetime or nonrecurring expenses associated with the entertainment program. And then with regard to the receivable reserves, based upon accruing at that kind of 5.4% of rolling win, it amounted to about $24 million of reserve provision.
K. J. Kay: Right. And then from a project standpoint, we're probably close to about $1.2 billion. Right. The bulk of that, obviously, is Sands Cotai Central. And then we've got some retainage payments, obviously, to make on Marina Bay Sands.
K. J. Kay: You also have to pay that -- obviously, the gaming tax and the GST tax when you win the money on a monthly basis, which works out to about 8.5% or so. We'll pay 8.5% for the taxes and carry the receivable balance. As long as we're collecting that, it's a very efficient business.
K. J. Kay: Yes. When you look at kind of what we recorded in reserves for the quarter, it's actually very consistent, both on a quarter-over-quarter basis, year-over-year, if we will, and then also on a sequential basis. So really not much change in that regard. And our percentages with regard to the reserves against the outstanding balances have stayed relatively flat, doing a great job collecting. And there's really been no need to kind of change what we have been doing. So it's kind of steady as she goes.
Robert G. Goldstein: Joe, it's Rob. Obviously, our Singapore business was terrific, as you referenced. And what's really happening is a concentration geographically, but also the type of customer we're getting, it's a very high-end customer, $1 million-plus driving most of that business. So commissions are trending up slightly because we pay more, based on higher roll we have bonuses based on higher return. So it is up a bit, and I think that trend -- as long as we can roll $17 billion, $16 billion a quarter, we're going to be in this range. Our business, I referenced, it's more -- it's coming from fewer people than in Macau. And clearly, you're going to pay more as people are rolling $1 million, $2 million, $10 million, whatever. So that is a consequence of having that kind of roll.
Robert G. Goldstein: Joe, on the Gaming side, we referenced it in Sheldon's opening remarks, we just saw a heavy, heavy amount of play in the Asian front. And that speaks to our belief that our presence globally assists us here in Las Vegas because customers do come here. It was a quarter that we've never seen, a third quarter, summer quarter, at those kind of drop numbers. And it evidences our strength in that segment. And I think that will continue to grow as Asia grows, and as our strength in the high-end Asian market grows.
Robert G. Goldstein: Steve, it's Rob. We've talked about this now for the better part of the year. It actually kicks off -- I'm in Macau next week, we kick off our first -- Sheldon referenced to it in his opening remarks -- we kick off our first few junket groups taking over space in the Four Seasons Plaza. It continues throughout the balance of this year and throughout the first 2 quarters of 2012. We're very, very comfortable, very happy what's happened over there in terms of our 5 or 6 key junket groups that's not been heretofore part of our business mix. We feel very confident it will impact both the Cotai and the Four Seasons, but also The Venetian, and also the Sands. So the strategy always was to have literally hundreds of new customers, thousands of new opportunities to grow our business. It's in place. It kicks off next week. It's about another 7 months before we implement it. It goes throughout the first quarter and second quarter. But the answer is it's happening. We're very comfortable with our relationships. We're very comfortable with our deals. We're fully sold out on all of our 5, 6 opportunities. Now I'll let Mike address some of the marketing thinking for Sands Cotai.
Robert G. Goldstein: Right. Our VIP demand has outstripped our supply. It's a wonderful problem to have. We have -- I think the strength of what we did in Cotai enabled this company to do something unique. Unlike other people who have a property, we have all these different places to fill. And for the top junket people, we're a very desirable partner. That's paying off big-time in terms of our VIP business. And I think you'll see it next week, beginning phases of it. But it is still another 6, 7 months to go to finish the whole thing. But by the end of Q2, we feel very good about it.
Robert G. Goldstein: Steve, let me mention a few things about Macau in terms of Cotai Central, also just to repeat what Sheldon said, we'll be opening the first 1,800 rooms, which is a 1,200 room Holiday Inn and a 600-room Conrad by Hilton, at the end of the first quarter. At the end of the third quarter, the first Sheraton Tower of 2,000 rooms will also open, in the end of third quarter '12. And then at the first quarter of '13, as we've said before in previous calls, we'll open the last 2,000 rooms at the Sheraton. Last week in Macau, there was a tour of the properties, checking on the opening, looking at the facilities. It's going to be beautiful. The casinos will be beautiful, as well as the room product, the MICE product, et cetera. We reviewed, for the brand launch, all of the people who are in the room. We went over all the marketing strategies. We're now capable on Cotai to have different price tiers, particularly for the mass market, as well as for the luxury market, going all the way from the Four Seasons down to the Holiday Inn. So essentially, our rate structure and rate packages have all been done for various segments, so there will not be any cannibalization. The sales team is out all over the area and all over Asia and in Mainland China doing tour packages. That's all in the program. We'll review the opening and -- opening operating budget, as well as the ongoing budgets, and had a rigorous review of all these marketing plans for The Venetian, The Palazzo, Four Seasons, Holiday Inn and for the Conrad in the early going. All of this, with substantial financial participation, will help us to fill that volume. Our expectations are very high. And we believe that with the VIP rooms done on the high-end VIP side, we're fine. And on the mass market, we will continue to dominate that. And that's what these plans are all doing. So I think you'll feel very comfortable that we have a very targeted and strategic marketing plan in place to be able to eliminate any cannibalization, and get the greatest share of not only the existing marketplace that's not in those buildings, but the ongoing growth of the Macau market, which should help dramatically with the high-speed rail that will be coming early next year as well. So we're in very good position that way.
Robert G. Goldstein: I wouldn't do a thing, Steve. I think our range is just where it should be. I think you'll see it be where it should be at the end of the year. It's a business that, to do these kind of numbers, say we did $50 billion, $60 billion, $70 billion, you're going to get there. And whether this quarter is 2.6%, next quarter is 3.5%, I think it's silly to think the range is going to change. We've been doing this for a lot of years in Las Vegas. There's billions of dollars of evidence. If anything, I think in Asia, if you follow the high-end business, you have a different -- different positive, and that is that the customers stay for weeks, not days. And they gamble for -- this is not an American customer. They sit there for hours and hours and hours. The product is extraordinary in Singapore. The product keeps the customers there. I wouldn't be the least be concerned to adjust your numbers. I think when it's all said and done, we'll hit and exceed our range. We have total -- Andrew and the team over there, and Mark Juliano, Andrew MacDonald, Jeremy Buck, watch these numbers daily. We're very comfortable with our forecast being 2.8% to 3%. I wouldn't be concerned at all. We see plenty of business and plenty of time on the...
Robert G. Goldstein: In Las Vegas, we've done this for 11 years now. Our hold percentage is roughly 10 points higher than the blackjack in the American business because of the Asians. I would give you every confidence that in Singapore, this is the right place to be for taking high-end business for -- sitting there for a huge amount of time. And we're not at the least a bit concerned.
Robert G. Goldstein: What we're using is levels 2, 3 and 4, all approved by the government. The other things you referenced, I believe, are in discussion, but waiting. The government will make those decisions, not us.
Robert G. Goldstein: Right. Well, we're obviously 2 very unique businesses there, and they're both extraordinary. Let's start -- let's deal with mass table. As we ramped up from Q4 last year, our drop just keeps growing, when we hit this year, we're anticipating $100 million a month in total Casino win out of that segment. And I think on the table side of that equation, it just gets better and better. We're holding in the 22, 23 range, which speaks to customers' willingness to gamble and stay at the table. And the drop is increasing considerably. The good news from our perspective is that's mostly a tourist customer. I would say majority of our business comes out of the non-rated side, which is the wonderful customer, both in terms of margin and consistency. We're fortunate in that think of us as having tens of thousands of hotel rooms in the neighborhood that feed that market. It's tourist-driven. And we believe that as we keep ramping, it just -- we have more and more ability to grow our table win, and our hold percentage stays consistent. So on the slot side of the equation, it's more rated customers. We believe that market -- you saw the increases, the wins keep going up every quarter, steady increases that we picked this quarter at 147 gross wins in the slot side, 271 in the table side, $4.6 million a day. Our goal is to, obviously, get to $5 million in the future. That would yield about $100 million a month of very, very sticky EBITDA. So this is an extraordinary business. I've worked in a lot of different markets, never seen anyplace like it in terms of both consistency, demand, margin. It's just a wonderful opportunity, Shaun, and I don't see how it gets worse. You've seen, everyone keeps talking about the leveling off, but for us, if you look at the drop and the wins in both mass tables and slots, they just keep improving quarter-after-quarter, never have declined. And the hold percentage is hold consistent. So people laugh when we said we could do $3 million a day, then we did $4 million a day. We're heading to $5 million a day. The focus in Singapore, obviously, a lot of people focus on the VIP section. The story that we should be talking about is hold, the consistency -- to Sheldon's comments, opening remarks, the consistency, predictability, stability of this mass table and slot businesses in Singapore is extraordinary, and it's driving great tourism for the building. The building is exceptional, our food and beverage and retail. So people want to see this place, and I think the evidence is in these numbers, which are just terrific. Our team there is, again, Jeremy and Andrew and Mark, and the team there have done a great job.
Robert G. Goldstein: We think, Shaun, to that point, the MRT stop, which is Q1 '12, and the cruise terminal Q2 '12, the Garden debate of 2012, events of the Singapore sports hub are unique opportunities to continue to grow this mass slot and table business. Unlike maybe in New York or the U.S., where people don't take mass transit, it is well-regarded in Singapore. It's safe. And I think it's going to be a very, very big boom both to the retail, but I also think this property will just get stronger because of how wonderful it is with architecturally, food and beverage, the retail. It's an exceptional property that everybody comes back from and talks about. So I think our growth here, I don't know how high is high. I don't know. I know one thing, we're not seeing a lack of demand. We keep wanting to open more tables and more slot machines on the weekends, and it looks very steady and very strong.
Robert G. Goldstein: I think it's sustainable in our current business model in the casino, but hopefully it'll go down significantly as we grow a lot more junket business which, as you know, is much slimmer margins. But I think when you look at some of the numbers that Galaxy and Wynn, our competitors, have thrown off in that segment, I'd rather have more EBITDA than less margin because we've left behind some dollars there. And I think, yes, you know the answer, Shaun, we do our job right, we're right about the VIP segment, we may contribute a lower margin but a much higher EBITDA. Last time I checked, EBITDA was more important than margins. So I'm very excited to drop the margin down and get the EBITDA up to...
Robert G. Goldstein: So yes, I think you know if we do our job right, margin will come down. The Venetian is extraordinary. Ed and Dave and that team has done a great job of driving margin. But I think as they drive the next piece of that business, you're going to see a movement to more EBITDA, along with a very fat margin.
Robert G. Goldstein: I don't know Genting's numbers so I have no idea how to say what the market's doing. I can only speak to our -- I know people keep telling me, I have this discussion regularly, people telling me how flat the market is. And I get confused, I guess, because I look at the last 4 quarters, our growth has been 8 to 10 to 12 now to 16. To me, that looks like pretty good growth. I can't speak to our friends at Genting. I hope they're doing great numbers because we hope the market grows together. But our rolling volume this last year has just gone very well. We're very proud of our success. I don't know, I hope it's not at their expense. I like to believe they're growing with us. That would be my desire, that a competitor/partner that grows the market together. But I can only speak to our numbers, and I think they are pretty damn good.
Robert G. Goldstein: I've got to tell you, I don't see it being capital intensive, Jon. I think of it as actually one of the -- we have some airplanes we use. We have some high-end talked-about areas and throw our high-end players in some nice suites. But on a return on invested capital basis, I venture to say it's incredibly efficient. Off the top of my head, I'm looking at Ken for advice here, but I don't think we're spending a whole lot of -- as far as the cage, no. The answer to that is no. As far as spending money, we're adding some suites next year. We're adding 7 or 8 suites on the -- subject to government approval. We continue to provide a high level of service. The good news is, this is a rather small market, and very honestly, as long as you provide excellent service, terrific food, good casino people to handle the business, it's not that capital intense, so I don't think it's a significant number to talk about. Our other businesses are more capital intensive, the hotel business and the mass table and slot business. But baccarat table is pretty reasonable, and VIP suites. And there's a labor, again, because we have VIP people that make sure the customers are comfortable and provide adequate service. But I don't think -- Ken, let me know if I'm missing something with the capital-intensive business from our perspective. We roll $50 billion or $60 billion or $70 billion, I don't think it changed a whole lot. It's capital intensive from the perspective of reinvestment on the commission piece, but that's about it.
Robert G. Goldstein: Right. Right. I think so. Well, it's not an issue at all on VIP, let's be clear. We have plenty of VIP space. We only have -- it's a very interesting market, but on the VIP side, there's absolutely no challenges, even Saturday night or New Year's Eve, plenty of space to gamble. On the slot machines, obviously, we're capped by government regulation. We run a very high utilization, probably the highest I've ever seen. On weekends and holidays, we get into the 80s. In my mind, that's pretty much -- you can't get a whole lot higher. So yes, the answer is we have -- we definitely have in the slot machines -- these machines that next year we'd do, let's say, $700 million, the highest numbers in the industry. So clearly, we have high capacity and high usage. It's an issue at times, but frankly I would say, if you have 21 shifts a week, it's probably an issue with 2 shifts. Maybe it's Saturday night, maybe it's Saturday morning or afternoon. It really isn't a problem beyond that. In fact, you walk into Singapore, I'll be there next week, and you walk in, when I usually arrive, in the middle of the night, and you get there on Tuesday, Wednesday night, there's plenty of room to gamble. On the table side, we are actually hiring more dealers and be more aggressive to maximize this wonderful market, and that is to open. I mean, Andrew and the team have strived, and George, to get more dealers on board so we can get more tables open and use every one of our table situations. Because on holidays and weekends, we do hit some awfully high utilization numbers. You can't make -- we think, if this market keeps going, you can't do $2 billion in that space without hitting some high utilization on weekends and holidays. But I would caution you that Sunday through Thursday it's not -- I look at the accounts, and we're not challenged at all 5.5 days a week. But clearly, you do these kind of numbers, you're going to have some fast usage at times, sure.
Robert G. Goldstein: No, the government makes those decisions, not us. And we abide by government regulation, which is, clearly, we're capped, and we are where we are.
Robert G. Goldstein: To be blunt, we've underperformed the market in that segment. We're extraordinarily strong in the mass, and we're great on our slot business. But let's be clear, we think we've underperformed and we think -- I mean, we all believe that there's such huge upside. I don't think that's going to hurt us at all. I think it's going to -- if anything, it's all upside. I can't think of it -- I'm going to be there next week. I can't think of a reason why we'd trade down. I think we're going to just -- it's all upside from here.
Robert G. Goldstein: I really can't. I'm listening to you, I'm thinking to myself as you ask the question, but the answer is no. I think just the opposite. I think we're very -- everyone in this room, and Ed and David and the team in Macau, all of us are very, very excited about this new phase of LVS's experience in Macau. We're really excited to have ourselves get into that group of peer station, a very high end-of-roll business, and get with the right people in the room to drive it. I don't think there's any risk at all of that, no.
Robert G. Goldstein: I think our quarter -- obviously, Carlo, our quarter speaks to the numbers that I can speak to, I can't speak beyond them. But I think business in Macau -- everyone talks about the concerns, the economic concerns and the cannibalization, but I keep looking at the numbers and, from my perspective, it's still an extraordinary market, that the Galaxy guys delivered some terrific numbers that I think indicate the depth of that market. And I think our goal is simply to keep participating in the mass slot entailed business and increase our share of the VIP. I hate to sound redundant, but I think we have a lot of growth opportunity there. And I think Macau -- look, I started with Macau in 2004. We opened the Sands. And I remember people saying, "Gee, could you ever surpass Las Vegas in revenue?" At that time, they were neck and neck. And last time I checked, they're doing better than Las Vegas and Macau. I have a lot of...
Robert G. Goldstein: I have a lot of confidence that Macau is not going to be an issue. I think there's plenty of business there. To Sheldon's point, it's just an extraordinary growth market that I think the transportation issues, as they get more and more -- as the bridges and the trains, et cetera, the growth into the outer provinces are going to make that market grow and grow. The VIP speaks to itself. Those numbers are extraordinary. I mean, Galaxy proved it can be done, and they also didn't cannibalize their operations on the Peninsula. So I hope we can emulate that and grow our VIP. But that market just continues to surprise everybody and anybody -- anybody who's honest about it has been wrong about the market in Macau. And there's certainly more people who have yet to come to Macau, that we feel very bullish about it, in every way.
Robert G. Goldstein: Well we've always tried to be conservative, and I think we continue. We think we're privileged in the sense we've got so much real estate to offer our junket partners that we can participate that way. I think what lacks -- look, let's be honest, let's be blunt on this call. What LVS has that no one else has is capacity. Five hotel casinos open next year. No one has that. No one of our major competitors. We're simply the biggest use of land in Cotai. We have what everybody wants, which is capacity and tables and slot machines. That's an extraordinary advantage to this company that we simply have to continue to do better at. And so as we open Cotai next year in 2012, and we'll just keep looking at our margins and doing the best job we can to maximize our revenues. I don't think people really -- I thought the Galaxy numbers were very strong, obviously on the high end, and they show the way in terms of what can be done. Are we more margin conscious than most? Yes, I think we are. Are we going to trade and be too aggressive and do things when we're forced? No, we're not. We'll remain conservative and focused and grow our business that way.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Well, I said that in what I talked about, is -- in my prepared remarks, there is nothing that we can see either short-term, intermediate-term, long-term that could be a catalyst to reverse that direction.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: This is Sheldon. I want to point out that I've heard the word cannibalization over the last several years, but I have not seen a single instance of one property cannibalizing the other. Period. We were hoping to cannibalize, and I think we've cannibalized a lot of the properties on the peninsula, with my idea about the Cotai Strip and Asia's Las Vegas. And as I said in my prepared remarks, where was everybody when it was a swamp and a bay, and nobody wanted to take the land there? I had to go back to the government and say, "You send me out. You said our land is out here in Cotai," I said, "Where is it?" They said, "It's under the water," and "but you're going to have to bring it up." So at a time when nobody wanted it, now everybody talks about it. In fact, we are not cannibalizing any of our properties. We could tell you that. If anything, the critical mass, the fundamental rudimentary premise of Asia's Las Vegas, the Cotai Strip, is based upon supply. I don't want to use the trade old phrase that says, "Build and then they will come." But we're building it, and they're coming. I think the community has to recognize, both the analyst and investor community, should recognize that this is the supply-driven industry. There's nobody out there with picket signs and sleeping over in tents and saying, "We insist that our casino or an integrated resort be built here." We build it. They come.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: It's the law of averages. It's always going to come out a moving average calculation. We'll show it at 2.85%. In different parts of the world, you may get depending upon how people play blackjack, on luck or by the rules, you might come up with a 2.93% or 2.95% over in Asia. But it's always going to be in between that number.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Steve, you should now that looking at these numbers, year-to-date, our whole percentage is 2.82%. We track this every day. It's a little more disconcerting for us than you, because it does go up and down. But we know in the end, after all this time, it's coming out just where it should be.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: The fact that I reported increases in all categories for the Sands, shows that the Sands still has the "Sands effect," and still is the first foreign operator casino on the peninsula. We are increasing and we'd obviously -- which I said earlier, we're not cannibalizing the Sands. We obviously seem to be doing a good job keeping the Sands patronage. The customers keep coming in there because our numbers keep increasing.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: If you take out Cotai Central, our existing capital spend annually is going to be in the vicinity of about $400 million.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: The reaction of foreigners, government officials, ministers that come in, tourism people, and they come in and say -- the first thing they do is point at the building and say, "Can you build one of those for me, or something like it?" It's the greatest reference site in the history of buildings. And clearly it's, a lot of people call it, not at our urging, but thankfully, the eighth wonder of the world. And too bad, we couldn't reproduce it. We certainly won't do that to the architect or to the City of Singapore, it's got to be a one-of-a-kind. But if we could, we would. But we can't. We'll come up with other great designs. And that's why people want to come there. Remember that the non-gaming profitability is at a very high percentage level. So beside the gaming, we're making -- the rooms, as I said, continue to rise. Mike said yesterday, a couple of days ago, that after looking at the month's numbers, he said he's never known of a property to achieve this RevPAR in 50 years of being in the hotel business.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: What would I like to see done? First of all, there are development opportunities, but some of which we are enthused about, some of which -- I mean, that are not open yet, and some of which, a couple within the states, we're not that enthused about. There are some obstacles to the one in Massachusetts and in Florida. But in Asia, which would be our first choice, it appears as though Korea and Japan are making louder and more current and more urgent moves in the direction of legalizing casino gaming in integrated resorts. Since we're the leader in integrated resorts everybody feels that -- in the world -- everybody -- but we created the concept of integrated resorts. Everybody knows that we are the most probable winner of any competition out there. But it all depends where and when. We think that Korea and Japan -- and if one of those legalizes, the other one is going to in a heartbeat. There's a competition between the countries, who's going to get out there first. And both of them are concerned that the other one may get it done ahead of them, so they're accelerating their efforts. As far as the cash is concerned, I think my wife would like dividends, my children would like dividends, and so would I. But we happen to have a few shares to which the dividend may apply. And I may be able to get a new plane or maybe even something more than my 10-meter sports fisherman boat. I think, as I said at the Investor Day, Harry, and I think you were there, I said we are definitely going to consider it next year. So I could tell you that the subject matter is not gathering cobwebs. It's a topical subject for the Board of Directors with whom we had a meeting yesterday. And I think that we will keep our -- that is, I won't say commitment, but we'll keep our feelings about strong consideration for dividends in 2012.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: The clippings, the news clippings that I see say that the central government is not going to allow any banks or shadow banks or whatever they're called, they're not going to allow developers to get hurt because -- it's only in one province, Guangzhou, I'm not sure how I'd pronounce that. But I want to remind you, Harry, that the government in Beijing is just centrally -- the government of the society of China is a centrally controlled government. They could turn an aircraft carrier on a dime, and it would take this country with all the agencies and all the special interest we have to go through, it'd take us the Pacific Ocean to turn an aircraft carrier around. So they get things done. Never in my years of watching China, I've never heard of a macroeconomic crisis in China. So I think if people are talking about one or pointing to one in the making, I just think that they don't really understand how the country is run. And it's unlikely that, in my mind, that there will be any -- unless the government wants to tame money then there won't be any taming of money. If they do, there will be. But there's no indication that they're going to do that.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: And this is Sheldon. I would like to publicly thank Mike Leven for joining us and for doing the fabulous job he is by bringing in other people and contributing to more efficient and profitable operations. And I want to thank Rob Goldstein for accepting the position of being the President of Global Gaming. And I think between Mike and Rob and all the people, and 30,000 employees below them, I want to thank everybody for bringing us to the point where we're the largest company in the history of Gaming in all categories, except number of units, which only validates our contention that we make more profitability in our dollar investment than our competitors can do. But we wish them well, as well as we do, because a rising tide carries all boats.  So Mike, Rob and Ken, everybody else, thank you very much for all your contribution. And we look forward to another, hopefully, expect a very good quarter coming up. Thank you, all.
