Mike Leven: Thank you, Sheldon. I’ll add just a couple of thoughts. We’ve worked hard to instill a culture of class discipline across the company, and expect that focus to be an ongoing component of our future success. Now, our principal focus has turned to opportunities for growth, which we believe to be significant. In Macau, we have outstanding organic growth opportunities in the gaming, hotel, MICE and retail areas. We will also significantly expand our asset base in Macau with the debut of Parcels 5 & 6 on the Cotai Strip. In Las Vegas, our recovery of consumer spending and an eventual recovery in room rates will occur over time. At Sands Bethlehem, the addition of table games this summer and our 300-room hotel in the spring of 2011, as well as the expansion and maturation of our regional marketing programs will benefit that property. And of course, Marina Bay Sands should provide substantial growth in the coming quarters. The Venetian Macau remains the market leader in mass play in Macau, delivering non-rolling drop of $922 million and record slot handle of $670 million for the quarter. The trend of high hold at The Venetian Macau on non-rolling play continued last quarter and also occurred in April. We believe these higher hold rates at the Venetian Macau on non-rolling play, which are impacted by many factors, including the length of play, the customer profile and the mix of games on The Venetian floor, should continue in the foreseeable future. Our contribution to EBITDA at The Venetian Macau continues to reflect that strategy. For every dollar of EBITDA generated at the property during the quarter, nearly 60% was produced by less volatile higher margin mass gaming and slot play. Over 25% was generated from non-gaming areas, including our hotel convention banquet and retail operations, and less than 15% was contributed by the more variable lower margin VIP rolling play segment. We remain focused on developing and growing our premium direct business, which is the higher margin segment of VIP play. Our direct VIP play at The Venetian Macau grew to $2.1 billion or approximately 21% of the more than $10 billion of rolling volume during the quarter. At the Four Seasons Hotel Macao and Plaza Casino total rolling volume was $3.7 billion with direct VIP rolling business growing to $1.6 billion or 43% of that total. Looking ahead, we remained confident that the development of additional destinations on the Cotai Strip will expand the market, driving greater mass play, hotel and retail revenues to our current and future profits. Let me spend a moment on the Sands Macao. The Sands remains both a cash cow and a market leader in mass play on the Macau Peninsula. EBITDA increased 38% to $70 million for the quarter. EBITDA margin improved to 24.6% this quarter compared to 22.4% in last year’s first quarter. So that covers Macau. Let me spend a minute of Sands Bethlehem, before Rob covers Las Vegas. I am pleased to share the Sands Bethlehem had its best quarter since we opened the property last summer, generating $11 million of EBITDA; the improving results reflect stronger slot revenues, the introduction of additional marketing programs and in concert with our efficiency effort that was just completed. We continue to believe Sands Bethlehem has potential. We plan to add 89 table games this summer, which should increase the property’s appeal and should contribute to greater profitability of the property overall. We have also restarted the construction of our 300-room hotel, which is expected to open in the spring of 2011. The addition of the hotel will increase the length of stay at Sands Bethlehem, while adding higher margin hotel revenues to the property’s financial results. With that, let’s go to Rob and Las Vegas.
Mike Leven: Joe, this is Mike. We met last week with the members of the Macau government. We’ve been assured in writing for 400 tables to start with and their assurances of reviewing tables as we go over the next couple of years, our expectation and our lenders know that we will open with enough tables in 5 & 6 to justify the numbers that we projected in the loan documents. That will involve moving some tables from some of our facilities, as well as the additions of some electronic games.
Mike Leven: No. 400 new tables plus 2,200 slots we have assurances from the government and we received that assurance and the assurance that they will work with us to get additional tables by the latest in March of 2013. But if that doesn’t happen, we will still open. We will move some tables that we are not using in the other facilities as well as add electronic games. So the numbers that we projected are the numbers that are in the loan documents and have been approved by the banks.
Mike Leven: You are talking about the biggest surprise in the first week of opening?Janet Brashear – Sanford C. Bernstein: Yes.
Mike Leven: It’s a tough question. I think that I’d have to say, from a casino standpoint, I think the biggest surprise is the VIP premium, the direct premium business, the credit business, the amount of credit applications, and the activity in our casino results, which indicate a roughly around 50% coming from that particular segment right off the back. I think that was a big surprise to me. I think the other surprise was that how well the casino was accepted in the community in terms of its positioning vis-à-vis the competitor. All the press and all the support kind of lifted it to a different level. And in the mass play, the non-slot mass play was surprisingly good. I thought the slot play would be what it is, but I didn’t know that the mass play would hold on the tables. The way we set the floor up, we set it up so that we would have enough tables to accommodate everybody who came. So at some points there were empty tables or very slow play at some tables, but there were no lines, no pushing, no shoving, no crowd that occurred in the other environment, and that was intentionally done. So, I was surprised how well that worked. We had no lines, no difficulties, et cetera. On the negative side, I think we were surprised at how much surveillance activity we had to do in the last minute to get tables open, the amount of cameras being added. And so, as a consequence, we didn’t open some of the VIP rooms. Only got about half of our tables opened in the Paiza area, and that was a little bit of a surprise. We thought we were okay that way, but in the last of couple of weeks it kind of away from us. I think for the resort that is basically – even though 50% of the GFA space is open, only really about 20% to 25% to 30% of the total resort is open and I think we were surprised at how well it was accepted by the community.Janet Brashear – Sanford C. Bernstein: You said that the local crowd was less than – was a low percentage. Was it – can you give us some idea of how low and was it lower than you expected and…
Mike Leven: Mark, let me just give you this answer. We’re in there eight days, and although there were subsets of urgency to get the stadium electronic slots in, at this point it’s really too early to tell what the movements will be and we know we have to make some changes in the floor. But it’s going to take another week or two before we find some very – I am on my way there next week also. So it’s going to take a little while to get exactly the right mix of business and that’s going to be ever changing. So the only really sure thing now is we have ordered the electronic stadium seating games, and our mix of Baccarat to other tables is being looked at very carefully. The size of the casino – a lot of the traffic is coming into the sides and not moving towards the middle. And so, there is a number of things we’re looking at which you’ll find as you go. So the answer to your question is, yes, there will be movement, there will be changes. And on the other side, on the labor side with the CRA, it’s a pretty free environment for us to do what we want to do as long as the surveillance requirements are taken care off. But from a table side standpoint, it doesn’t really – they won’t affect us in terms of staffing.
Mike Leven: A lot of the emphasis in Macau by the individuals in charge now has been on trying to build the VIP direct market with our own credit. We are doing a lot of that. It’s growing, as I mentioned in the call. I think it was 21% of our business in the quarter. That will help us. But with that strategy as well as our strategy in terms of MICE business and the tour and travel business that we’ve been working on and getting good results on, that doesn’t build the same kind of revenue, as you know, of the junket rolling revenue. That sort of dominates the revenue perspective of Macau. So I can’t tell you that our revenue will have sequentially the amount of growth, but I feel very confident that our EBITDA will continue to grow exponentially as we produce that kind of business. We have no real plans to build a junket level traffic. As we’ve held to the 1.25 also, we’ve potentially lost or have been impacted by some of the peninsula properties that give better rates. So we’ve taken another approach to it. I don’t know if that answers your question.
Mike Leven: To our knowledge here we haven’t matched it. I have not heard anything from Steve Jacobs and the people over there that City of Dreams has been changing their 1.25 rate. The changes that I hear – you’re talking about in the mass market.
Mike Leven: Well, they’ve done some things on mass. They’ve done some promotion and some advertising. We are doing some things in other areas now, promoting business. We’ve been pretty successful at it so far. But you don’t really see that unless you actually look at, particularly in The Venetian and the Four Seasons at how many rooms are being sold every night to the non-VIP, the non-junket play. And we’re selling about at least two thirds of our rooms or more at The Venetian on a paid customer basis now.
Mike Leven: That’s a big indicator. I don’t know what City of Dreams is doing, but my guess is it’s not nearly as much as that.
Mike Leven: Rob can speak to that, I think, but let me just say that we’ve always said and continue to say on the junket side that if there are junkets that are licensed by Singapore we will do business with them. We don’t expect that to be many, but there will be a few. On the commission rate side, we basically – our strategy on the commission rate side on the private for the VIP private play, we positioned ourselves much below the competitor in Singapore. So, and the rates – we have not had pressure to move those rates so far. And the reason for doing that was that we thought that we would impact RWS’s VIP business, and if we competed dollar-for-dollar on the commission rate and they lost the business to us, then they will start moving the commission rate up again. So we’ve positioned ourselves lower on the commission rate. And I can’t tell you what the average is because I haven’t really looked at it in the eight days, but it is below what the competitor has published as their commission rates. And so far we’re not budging on it because we’re doing okay.
Rob Goldstein: Thanks, Mike. Our Las Vegas property delivered EBITDA of $105 million in the first quarter of 2010 compared to $90 million in the first quarter of last year. The gaming segment of our business remains strong. Hotel occupancy also remains healthy. The challenge continued to be room rates, which remain weaker compared to historical levels, although FIT rates have shown improvement, particularly on weekend. Food and beverage business is also down compared to levels we enjoyed in the past. Table game drop was a record $547 million during the quarter, a 23% increase in the first quarter of 2009, while slot one was $49 million during the quarter, about the same as it was in the 2009 first quarter. Looking forward, we expect to realize more group rooms in 2010 than we realized in 2009. The pace of group business bookings continues to improve. 2011 should be stronger than ‘10. In 2009, we realized approximately 478,000 group room nights or about 18% of our total room nights. Today, we have about 515,000 group rooms on the books for 2010. We expect our actual group rooms to exceed that number as we add additional business throughout the remainder of the year. We do expect that pricing will improve over time as business expands, our competitors in Las Vegas will raise prices and the economic recovery continues. So, in summary, our gaming business is healthy with record volumes in our most recent quarter, while our cost was down. Given that backdrop, we are confident that Las Vegas properties will continue to exhibit significant operating leverage as price in the FIT and group segments improve. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Ken.
Rob Goldstein: There’s been a nice movement, Joe, in the weekends. To be clear, though, it’s not across the board. It’s been especially in the FIT leisure segment, has shown some relative strength in the last month. April was very good for the entire industry. I think that May is holding up that trend. And I don’t know how to attribute to what, but I think there is some confidence building among our competitors and certainly in this hotel that we are seeing weekend rent rates and leisure are trading up. It’s nice to see. Group demand, as we’ve said in previous calls, continues to be strong. Unfortunately, pricing doesn’t seem to accompany that demand. So I would love to see our group business get back up in the higher ranges, but what is happening, clearly, last weekend – all of April was very, very encouraging, on the weekends in the leisure segment, and I am hoping it bodes well for the summer because a lot of folks in town are very concerned this summer and they should have been, but there’s been in the last four to six weeks a nice trend upwards.
Rob Goldstein: Last weekend 262. We had nice and lots of – it just looked good. It’s been a recent trend now, Joe. I think you saw the MGM number this morning and I think you know what’s happening in town. The first quarter was not that strong. And I think we got ways to go in Las Vegas, but I’m a little more optimistic than I have been in the last six months, but I do see some positive leisure trends. And clearly, demand on the group side is very strong, but the rates haven’t been as strong.
Rob Goldstein: Janet, we should have – I think all of us were there, the one thing about the building we should say it’s a stunning building, iconic, it’s beautiful. And I think everyone who went to the opening was, I think, very, very impressed both tourists and business (inaudible) is an amazing iconic building. In fact, if you are ever in that region, you have to see it.Janet Brashear – Sanford C. Bernstein: Thank you.
Rob Goldstein: While we are searching information, I will just answer the Vegas hold issue. I think our number is dead on and should be because of our mix. Obviously, we had about $547 million in Las Vegas. About 50% of the drop came out of our Asian Baccarat, Chinese New Year’s week, couple of weeks. And so we didn’t play lucky, we played what we should have play, which is we held very well. Our historical is in the high 20s. It was actually held in the low 30s. But balancing that, the other half of the drop came out of our non-Baccarat more typical U.S. customer. We held very poorly, about 13%. We blended at the rate you see on the stat. We blended 234. But if you really look at – I don’t think we held high at all, but I think we held that dead-on we should be because the Baccarat business for the 10 years that we’ve been doing this we’ve held 28%, 29% against billions of dollars to drop. I think it’s reflective of the Baccarat market. The Asian play was disappointing because we held 5 points under the norm on the balance of the drop. So I don’t think in Las Vegas results because of the mix would be considered, 234 would be considered higher at that. I think it’s where it should be. Perhaps you can talk about Macau.
Rob Goldstein: It really depends on the mix. We are doing three very diverse segments of this so far, the spot business, is one terrific segment thus far, Sheldon, my guess is [ph]. The mass table market so far has been very exciting to us. As we mentioned the premium, really depends on segments you are in, because obviously the most difficult segment margin wise is going to be the premium. Right, because you are discounting, you are doing other things, you are rolling, so you got expense against that. As long as our foreign [ph] mix we are doing very well in all three segments. But depends on the mix how strong the margin gets, because obviously the spot machine, just for example, on $400 million or $500 million of slot revenue your margins are going to be extraordinary far beyond 45%. It really depends on your mix and if you mix the mass tables ends up being $5 to $10 million that could be extraordinary all this labor [ph] and nominal complementary. So really depends on the mix of your revenues. The most difficult, it would be obviously the premium segment. But I think it really depends, what Sheldon was referencing is thus far. And all three segments are very strong. So, it depends which segment performs the best as to what the eventual margin would be.
Rob Goldstein: Well, let’s be candid. No one can refute the fact we had exceptional – our Las Vegas based sales team for the Asian business I think is extraordinary and they are proving it right now in Singapore and they are proving in Las Vegas. However, unfortunately, we can’t figure out a way to get Chinese to come every quarter like we want to make Chinese years every month we haven’t figured that out yet. So, let’s be clear that – we dropped $550 million and hold 37% that’s a pretty good thing right. But what I think is most exciting for Venetian Plaza, Las Vegas is this is – what Sheldon prophesied a decade ago in terms of the group connection business, it still holds true, and as the market returns, keep in mind, something I always tell people which is every $10 of ADR can contribute $20 to $25 million of EBITDA. So, I think, we are really the first guys to step up and anticipate as a top-tier property. When the commission segment moves up and group segment appreciates $10 lousy of ADR translates to $20 million, $25 million of EBITDA, I don’t want to depend on Asian high rollers or even foreigners. The base business we’re in is rooms and rate. And we need rates to move for us to get back. We want to be back to six and seven. But I think when it does come to be, we’ll be the first guy to jump in and participate from that side. So, margins are not going be consistent when you’re holding – when you have that kind of handle. Obviously, that drives our business. We are very proud of our slot win. We had exceptional slot results, and again, almost $50 million of top line. But again, what drives Las Vegas are room rates, and right now room rates will continue to be the decider of margin, decider of EBITDA. I just think when things get better – and I hate to be overly optimistic, but it’s been a good couple of three, four weeks of weekend stuff. And reentering ADRs back $30, $40, this place makes a whole bunch of money.
Rob Goldstein: We’re trying to stay above $200. In some groups we’re getting higher than that. Very candidly, our goal is to exceed $200 in ‘11. I can’t say that we’re there yet. We have some business with (inaudible) that goes back six to eight months. This is a very competitive group market. And unfortunately, some people in the town just don’t believe that they can charge $250 and $300. We believe if some people would stop discounting aggressive, this market could move quickly. Very sincerely, I think the upside for us is significant. It’s material to our EBITDA. But for our group business to move every time we take a piece of business, we got to knock it down $30, $40 because someone else has offered [ph] 1.70. It’s painful, but it’s a fact of life, I think the town has to regain its sea legs, its belief that it’s a great place to visit. It’s stupidly inexpensive. Groups are flocking here because despite some comments on Las Vegas earlier, Las Vegas is the best place in the world that your group – people who don’t have a group for a meeting here it is silly. The rates are ridiculously cheap. I think they’re going to trend up aggressively when people believe in the town, and I hope it’s going to happen shortly. But I think our rates for ‘11 will be, hopefully, above 2, 2.15, but that’s the best I can hope for now for ‘11.
Sheldon Adelson: Thanks, Ken. First thing I want to say is that I made an error before. It was a typo in our draft. I said that we opened on April 26. We actually opened on April 27. I should have known; I was there. Before we go to Q&A, let me make a couple of final points. We worked very aggressively last year to right size our cost structure and to clean up our balance sheet. I know we’ve made a lot of that in several prior conference calls, so I am very happy to say that that’s been substantially completed. The results of those efforts are now clear. We just completed another outstanding quarter generating record revenues and EBITDA. We have significantly reduced our debt levels and our balance sheet now is more than $4.2 billion of cash, providing significant financial flexibility and enabling us to continue our industry-leading growth strategy. We stand today at the beginning of our next major phase of growth. With that, we’ll move to your questions.
Sheldon Adelson: Mike, I like to add on that and say I believe that number is approximately 170 tables that we’re going to move that either are not being used right now or that are – what used to be marginal games that are being used at lower rates. We are adding 100 electronic table games, which offer some very good potential. We’re going to try different electronic table games. We are also assured by the government – we’ve been assured that we’ll have the 270 extra games that we originally put in our plans in 2013. So we’ll operate for two or three years without – well, we’ll still operate with that number of tables, but we’ll be able to get another 270. That is before we start to make adjustments like we are making in Singapore, we make with all new properties. Increasing or decreasing the number of tables and denominations as we open the property and we see the demographics of the visitation.
Sheldon Adelson: Well, let’s put it this way. None of the analysts have come up – first of all, we don’t have – one thing we are sure of that it takes long time to order a stadium-style electronic table games that seem to have gone gangbusters in Genting's Resorts World Sentosa. I call it Genting, other people call it RWS. They are completely full and we’ve ordered them and these sort of have to be made custom, but we expect them in four to six weeks. So that will make a big difference. However, the lowest number per day that we’ve experienced is higher than the maximum number that any of the many analysts have been estimating. The estimates that we’ve seen in the market are similar to Las Vegas numbers, $200 plus or some other numbers around the country. But we have ranged – it depends upon the day and depends upon which machines have been opened, because in the few first few days, the – what they call them, surveillance requirements are really, really very particular, very meticulous, very perfectionists. What we’ve learned, I’ll give you a range from $400 to $900 per unit per day, and I don’t think any one analyst came out with our lowest number of $400. So I think we’ll have a somewhat higher average when we bring in those electronic table roulette games. It’s obvious at the roulette games we get 8 turns an hour, 8 to 10 turns an hour out of the roulette games, the live roulette games. And the ETG, the electronic table games to roulette are 80 games an hour, and it’s just unbelievable cash cows.
Sheldon Adelson: Before your answer, Joe, I just want to say we around here completely agree with you. We don’t know if you are talking to Rob Goldstein the new or Rob Goldstein, the old. His birthday is tomorrow.
Sheldon Adelson: There is 36,000 other rooms, this is Sheldon, in Singapore. And they enjoy very high occupancy rate in the 80s typically – net high 80s. And there is a lot of opportunities for foreigners to come in – that visitation to the other hotels we’re just going to try to set up shuttle buses between some of the bigger hotels if they will allow us to do it. There is good news and bad news on the opening day. The good news is we had an awful lot of people. The good news – well, I shouldn’t say the good news or bad news. The second part of the good news is that people looked at it and said, well, there weren’t a lot of crowds, there weren’t long lines that there was at Genting, but oh god, did they have a lot of people. Well, Genting didn’t have a huge 1.25 million square foot convention center to warehouse the people in. So what we did is set up the – they didn’t have any air conditioned space to put them in. So we turned the air on in the convention center. We put in thousands of chairs. We put in foodservice. We put in counters where they could pay – the Singaporeans could pay their $100 entry fee. While the real bad news was that we weren’t allowed to advertise that we were going to be open. But people just knew and the rumor had gone around that we were going to open on the 27. And we weren’t able to advertise it till the 27 until most people already went to work. So, then we let the people in on an orderly basis, straight line with extensions and ropes and very orderly. So we have thousands of people waiting, but I guess the journalists didn’t know that they were in there, they were just shooting pictures of the people that were on a very orderly basis coming into the casino from the convention center.
Sheldon Adelson: We haven’t given any guidance. We have debated. We have debated. We’ve said we came up with certain figures that were in excess of 1 billion and nobody got there. But we are looking at numbers and metrics that are on a ramp and that seemed to go very well. We can estimate – we believe that the final numbers after the ramp-up period and on a 12-month basis will be a heck of a lot closer, if not equal to or maybe even exceeding our number that we expected then – and the average of the consensus of all the analysts together at a substantially lower number. I mean most of the analysts are estimating, say, slots as an example, at the normal U.S. type of slot numbers, but the slot numbers of the 200 range. Slot numbers are over there. I am sure you’ve heard about Genting and our slot numbers. I have told you what they were on different days. And we still don’t – we haven’t maximized the most desirable games. We have to do the fine tuning of both the table games and denominations and the slots in denomination. By the way, the electronic table games over there are considered slots – slot units, which will go up to 2,500. And we believe that the slot return is so good and so promising for the future that we’re going to – we’re seriously considering putting in as many as the maximum that we can in the near future 2,500.Shaun Kelley – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thanks everyone. Thanks Sheldon.
Sheldon Adelson: You heard that the range of the departmental profits of the casino, which we do every day. Different days, depending upon the amount came in between 45 and 60 maybe it’s give or take 45, maybe 43, maybe 47. But the highest number I would tell was 60. I keep saying that we pick up 24% of the taxes alone.
Sheldon Adelson: Versus Macao – well, actually thank you Rob. Versus Macao we picked up 24%. And although we do give away from 0.75 to 1.0 to the players direct, we save at least 25 basis points. Well, the average is probably somewhere between 0.75 and 1.0 so far at the high end. So, we are picking up 24 bps – 24 points on taxes. So, that’s a tough explanation. We picked up probably another 11% or 12% on the savings vis-à-vis to (inaudible). And by the way Mike said, and I’d like to put little more color to that, said that there will probably be some junket reps. Now, there are junket reps and they are junket reps. Lets calculate the Macao styled junket reps and then the Las Vegas styled junket reps. Las Vegas styled junket reps are really field sales people that send customers in, for which they get paid a basis of theoretical win with a cap. And some of the higher end players that people send in they make about $8,000 to $10,000 the field sales people, the junket reps in the field. But they are both unfortunately called the same thing. And there is the Macao styled junket reps that not only deliver the customer, they provide the credit and collection and they provide the cash. So, I don’t believe there is going to be a lot of the Macao style junket reps approved because I have talked to a couple of them myself, the only couple I’ve ever talked to. And they say they certainly don’t want to give out the information. They are very private people and they have – they deal in a lot of cash. And they’ll never submit that kind of information. So, I am very pessimistic that any of the Macao style junket reps will be approved or will I do it – or will not approved for inadequate information in Singapore. Now there may be some field sales people type of junket reps like you have seen in Las Vegas that might be approved.
Sheldon Adelson: Well, you have certainly fixed expenses, so I don’t know how much high you can get. It has been – our highest range of estimate was in the 60s. But I don’t know how it can get much higher than that, because we have certain fixed charges.
Sheldon Adelson: The co-ops. We are just in the throes of getting the final okay. In days the last email I got from Jacob said that. He expects the ability to move it into the separate corporation that we’ve setup and that he would immediately start selling. The responsibility for that was moved from the Minister of Finance to the Minister of Public Works. And the last email I got was positive, was optimistic about our getting okay. And the sales activity that condo – they don’t have co-op over there, but the condo market in Hong Kong, as an example, was very strong and the condo market in Shanghai, which caused the Chinese Government to say, well, we want to cool this hot market up, the market has been hot enough. And as Mike has said, we are looking for other foreigners. We are not looking for Macau residents. So, Steve Jacobs – the sales department was looking at 1,500 a foot and I told them that we should keep our original target of $1,750 a foot and we’re looking at strong market in both Korea and Japan.
Sheldon Adelson: No, no. Under the sale of real estate, we can’t sell it I think for seven years. However, I still think we’ll get a lot more up in the next several months. We’ll ramp up to completion. It should be completed by the end of the year, but I wouldn’t even consider it until we found out that it matured. By matured meaning that it has gone up substantially. Now, that a lot of the tenants are in percentage rents, which go from 12.5 to 18 there, just like Macau. And I wouldn’t consider selling it now.
Sheldon Adelson: We’ll have to grow, Larry, and then see what happens. If we level off the growth or the growth rate stops – if we feel we’re getting towards the maximum, we got to leave some room for anybody who buys it to have some growth in it too besides just inflation. So I would say it’s – if I had to give an answer today, I would say it’s probably at least two years, maybe three away.
Sheldon Adelson: Thank you. And I think on a good rate, I think that we’ll be able to sell it. At a good cap rate, we’ll be able to sell it and have money to pay off our debt.
Sheldon Adelson: Originally – the original budget, and if we get into percentage rents, we’ll get back to the original budget. But a lot of the leases were signed during the economic tsunami, but we still have the percentage rents. And if they hit where the original budget was, we’ll be able to sell it and get back most of our costs.
Sheldon Adelson: Okay. Thank you, everybody. It’s been a good time, except that it felt like September 18. The stock market today felt more like September 18, ‘08. But I’m sure you’ll all respond positively to our business. Thank you.
Ken Kay: For a couple of days, it was even 50-50, but most – if you looked at the whole – over the entire course of eight days, it was up there – many more foreigners, Malaysia, Indonesia and foreigners from Singapore primary markets, which we expected, and the Singapore market about one third to 40% maybe at the most of Singaporeans.
Ken Kay: Well, I mean, breaking it up between the kind of the rolling and the non-rolling. On the rolling side, Sheldon is exactly right, in terms of the average, which is the 2.84, 2.85. If you look kind of the actual numbers for the first quarter, we were unlucky if you go by about $5 million on the role. And it’s a little complicated because you have to look at it on the volume base and win base. And the volume base was more from an overall kind of revenue perspective and we were unlucky, if you will, from that standpoint and a little bit lucky on the win side. So, when you kind of marry the two together because the volume base is with a higher percentage of the overall revenue stream, our net hold impact was an unfavorable 5 million. So, you basically have to add about $5 million to our performance for that. On the non-rolling side, if you compare it to the moving averages, we were a little bit favorable from that perspective. But, nonetheless, you have to look at it from the standpoint of we think that the actual performance that we achieved in the first quarter consistent with where the business has been performing over the last four quarters, and falling within that range. So, if you consider that our actual first quarter 2010 performance was within the range of performance that we’ve seen on the non-rolling business for each one of the properties in essence there’d be no adjustment for the non-rolling business. Now, if you compare it to just a single data point, which would be the moving average then we would have been favorable by approximately around $10 million or so. So, when you marry the two together meaning rolling and the non-rolling we are favorable in total by about $5 million.
Ken Kay: Yeah, just one second. Well, our casino receivables for Las Vegas on a net basis it’s about $118 million and for Macau it’s about $190 million.
Ken Kay: Yeah, so in Vegas we’re about 31% reserved – but we have to look at it between – breakup between junkets and non-junkets. Overall it’s about 23% versus the non-junket business it’s about 39% reserved.
