Rob Goldstein: Yes Felicia, its Rob, our team at Macao I think has done a really good job of addressing cost across the board. And of course there is always an opportunity to cut more cost but we have the balance that with our employees merit development and our long term plans to excel at Macao. We don’t want to throw the baby out with the bathwater. So a lot of cost related to marketing spend, cost against customer spend and then general cost, as we have the labor -- non-macanese labor for most part and keep mind that we are burden somewhat with having a very, very strong team in place already for the opening of the Parisian which will be very beneficial. Next year we open the Parisian and we care a lot of -- especially casino side most of our teams in place has been in place so well. So, the majority of the cost of this quarter related to promotional spend, marketing spend, some labor cost. I don’t expect to see this continue in terms of cutting additional cost in any kind of material way, we’ll just remain disciplined. I would add also fortunately the markets remained disciplined does how it spends money against the customers promotionally. We’re very pleased with the quarter, we want to maintain the margins we did I think for the quarterly which came in just under 32%, which is very acceptable to us especially in this very difficult time in the Macao, We’re was hoping for a GGR increase and even better margins in the future.
Rob Goldstein: Well Joe across to all -- you can’t get these kind of cost out in one specific area, there is labor cost in there, mostly non-macanese. There is some direct marketing cost against the customer, there is cost against general marketing spend. We are looking at every aspect of our business and again just trying to be disciplined and not cut out the muscles, just cut out the fat, and were also being -- trying to look forward, the fact we planned in Macao for many years to come, and we want to maintain a great approach with a great environment for the employees and for the customers. So, It’s really is not one specific area, it’s general marketing, direct marketing cost, labor cost, anywhere and everywhere we see excess spend that we thing is irrelevant and it will continue to be that way. We’re not done, but I think we've done very good, the team there has been very disciplined, very focused, we understand it’s a harsh new environment we're operating in, we have to maintain margin and to grow EBITDA we have to do this. You see this in the first quarter, obviously, our spend is just improving, our spend against the customer, our spend against the employee, everything. So there is not one specific area, it’s across the board Joe and it won't stop here. We'll just keep looking at it, but again the bigger term picture you have to think long-term to maintain our leadership position specifically vis-à-vis the employee and the customer. We can't be short sighted and just cut cost to the cut cost.
Rob Goldstein: Yes, we actually had some junket space that -- physically we convert some junket space in the plaza, for example, over to the premium mass. We’ve had some success going direct to the customer in the premium mass side, the Plaza has had its very good quarter, and we'll continue that, make that transition. As the junket we can softened in some cases, leave us. We're making that transition. So we're getting more revenues out of that premium mass side and premium direct side that we had in the past and I think it is a positive to this, hoping some strength in the junket space but hasn't been there. So I think our success bared and also we've controlled the margin against that premium mass and premium direct customer and that's been part of the reason why the Plaza performed so well this quarter.
Rob Goldstein: The diversity of the room product we have and the price points we have and the manors we have that given us a terrific advantage in this market. We have 9,000 keys and the Parisian will bring 3,000 more and then the Saint Regis, one thing is happening is this is becoming much more of traditional resort market. I mean weekends, high demand periods, special event periods, holidays is when a lot the casino win is coming out of those high demand for room time periods. And have 9,000 keys representing all types of accommodation rates, the diversity here is critical and in peak periods it helps in earning power terrifically on our margins frankly. So this market looks lot more like it used to be in Las Vegas where more resort markets, where you had a lot demand on weekend, lot of demand when there is special events, we’re very fortunate to have diversity of product and pricing.  So our room product more than ever is performing and big part of our success. 
Rob Goldstein: John there is just no way for any of us to forecast the government's position in terms of this smoking -- I think we should just wait to see, I think it would be silly for us to pretending that we don't know. We hope for the best, we wait patiently the government's direction, be it smoking, be it visas. But for us to even pretending that we just don't know. We have respect for the government, we’re hopeful that they’ll support Macao, the citizens there are our employees, our future resides there. So we’re hoping for the best and waiting for further direction. No forecast though. 
Rob Goldstein: You mentioned retail and that’s why I want to stop for a second and mention that you know ex-jewelry and watches, our retail business is pretty good and I think it’s got on two fronts, one, we’re getting great traffic on our sales, it’s holding up pretty well. If you take out the very premium, not the fashion, but the watches and jewelry are particularly soft across the Macao market. You saw that in some luxury report numbers, but our retail malls provide both income but also visitation to the properties and I think is a really important point. We built these malls a long time ago and they get stronger year after year, visitation is stronger it's a reason to come to properties, we’re very proud what’s happening on the retail segment, how it translates down to the casino and the room occupancy. What you see in Macao, very clearly is that it’s mass market. It's a premium mass, it's no longer driven by junket GGR. I hope the junkets resurrect, but right now it doesn’t look promising. But what is happening in mass market is emerging and again mass markets demand lots of product, retail product, room product, diversity of pricing, lots of table, lots of spots. ETGs that’s who we are, that’s our background, we build our products for that. When Macao was developed and Cotai was brought to be, Sheldon’s vision always was a Vegas style strips with lots of visitation lots of mass market, its happening. And so our products are lot more -- I think they're diverse in both pricing and quality, the room product rings is over the board from very high end suite to base rooms, lots of ETGs, slot machine that’s just happening in Macao, very clearly. It's a mass market. Now the question becomes, in the future how fast can it develop and get deeper in the Mainland China and more China visitation, that’s the real question, to grow GGR. For all the operator that benefit and we are hoping we see that shortly. So that’s the trend we are seeing and we hope for the return of higher end, but right now we're living in a mass market with weekend penetration very strong, maybe not so strong and you see obviously deterioration of metrics because of the loss of 10% to 15% of the very high end customer that drove so much more GGR on certain tables.
Rob Goldstein: And Tom just on the opening Sheldon address but again we think more than ever in this environment. The Parisian's European theme is exactly the right focus for the mass visitation and just like the Venetian's the most visited hotel in Macao. We think Venetian is just situated perfectly in terms of the consumer in today's Macao. 
Rob Goldstein: Well it changes every day obviously and to your point, six months go a year ago is different. But the biggest single change you all know is the decline of junket participation in the rooms. So that used to be a very important part the mix, it’s become much-much less important. We are spending more time focusing in getting more premium direct customers and premium mass customers those rooms, we using them as more directly as a tool. We have been more aggressive in the pricing and how we get premium mass customers in. There as a time when we were as high as $1,200 and $1,400 a night, ADR. That’s dropped to half that, we are now looking at 600 to 700 bucks a night. And again resellers are networked, we are very aggressive on the pure cash sales, we’ve always have been, because it had to be from day one. Unlike competitors that may get a thousand hotel and comp 90% we've always been a heavily skewed towards cash sales. We built -- our network to sell rooms is a lot more advanced perhaps than others because we have to be in that business.  But I think in the future you you’re going to see that the increase on pure cash sales, the decline of junket sales, the increase of premium mass and direct mass play. We’re becoming more self-reliant because the junket just can't pick up the slack at this point, and that makes a move based on the market, but one thing is very clear we make most of our money these day on weekends, weekends look a lot like they did a year ago.  There is huge room demand on weekends, we run very high occupancies at very high rates, there is all kinds of competition amongst the segments on weekend, where the trouble comes in Macao like Las Vegas was when we first got here 20 years ago is mid-week demand is soft. There isn’t much junket pick up, there isn’t as much premium mass play. So we’re making a lot more of our money, it’s much more skewed to weekends because demand is there. The nice thing is, the old church for Easter Sunday, or synagogue for the high holidays, depending on your religious beliefs, but we have a lot more ability to fill those seats, those rooms on the high demand, at weekends, special event periods, holidays, we are -- that's where the money is being made in Macao today when you have got 9,000 soon to be 13,000 keys you can participate more than ever in their high demand period.  So, just like the fight when the MGM guys brought the fight late in May, you couldn’t get enough room, and enough gaming tables, that's happening on weekends in Macao, that's where demand is and that's where the market is moving to. Everyone is struggling mid-week to my opinion, it's the weekends where the money is being made, so that's my take on the [loose] demand.
Rob Goldstein: We provide those stats, but rather -- different times because it’s complex and time consuming. I’d like to move on next question. Would be happy to do offline with you Thomas.
Rob Goldstein: Right. It's really not a balance sheet question from my perspective because it's a credit worthiness question. And what I mean when I say that is, we've got plenty of capacity to use the balance sheet if we could feel comfort about the credit issuance. I mean the first questions always not, can we afford to take the risk, is it good risk to begin with. And the problem I have unfortunately lot of the success in the Macao has been through the junkets because it's not as transparent to credit worthiness to some of these customers. So the people we know well, the people who have proven to be creditworthy and can pass all the regulatory compliance issues, we have been extending credit to, we did it aggressively in this quarter. We've done aggressively in the last few quarters. We loved to step into that position, but it's getting enough transparency and comfort from a regulatory perspectives who we are dealing with, to get issue of credit. We’d love to give millions of dollars of credit every day in Macao like we do in Singapore. As you know in Singapore we’ve issued probably $20 billion of direct credit, but the customer is very high profile, they're very scrutinized, they've got long track records and they're very regulatory compliant. If we can get that kind of transparency in Macao, we'd be big advocates of direct credit. Now we have no -- we're the biggest credit granter in the world by a lot in terms of the casino business. We're aggressive in Singapore. We're aggressive in Las Vegas. But to get there in Macao means we need to know the customers deeper and there are far more customers in Macao, much more diverse and much less transparent to us. As we become more conversant with those customers, understand it, I think we can issue more credit. But I wouldn’t look for us to replace the junket segment nearly the quantities they've issued. We're getting closer to a balance with our junket play. If I look at this quarter our junket play balance is a premium direct is getting more imbalanced, but do we ever get the same level of credit that junkets do, not in the near term, no. As a dividend question I'll turn it Mr. Adelson.
Sheldon Adelson: Before we announced in the last and this call that we are going to -- we intend it to raise the dividend in the future. We did a very thorough cash flow and we looked at all the sensitivities that could affect it. What they market I think is missing, didn’t miss to miss it, but we haven’t heard very much about it lately, is that we have built -- we created the integrated resort, MICE-based business model and the critical of the components that make up an integrated resorts is something that the competitors don’t have and we will say that, well I mentioned in my prepared remarks that there were several instances in which we outperformed the market. I was tempted to interrupt, but I knew somebody would ask this question while I was reading and but what I'm saying is that the critical mass, the -- our perception and not just to call this words and say we are an integrated resort, I remember when we put all the components of attraction and entertainment together on the strip everybody called themselves the Mega-Resorts because they were big.  But people were forgetting that critical mass must see interactions. The very broad mixture of the various and in the debts of each of the integrated resort components is what assures us that we are going to continue. Why all of a sudden have we jumped in the whole quarter into first place? SJM has got 25 to 30 somewhat gaming licenses out there, brining money into them and why is it that we've always been number one in EBITDA and that is not going to change. The other guys can’t catch up to us, that train has left the station. When I first in vision the idea of Cotai Strip other people criticized me and said it’s never going to work and now everybody is cutting off their arms to get into Cotai.  So my answer to you is, we are different we originally envision the difference, we built the difference, we continue to maintain and improve that difference. 
Sheldon Adelson: I would like to point out to you the number of years of experience between Rob and myself and others in this industry and the number of years of experience of other people actually sitting in the hot seat and making hot decisions. Galaxy made an enormous mistake. The other companies will make big mistakes. They're already making big mistakes. Now don't ask me what they are because I don't want to create another Houdini. Houdini doesn't tell his secretes and LVS' and SCL [ph] are not going to tell its secretes. Now they can't -- they're going to throw properties onto the markets. But if you look at the fact that -- take for instance galaxy one, they would never end the business before at all. So they have little experience -- cumulative experience in their executive ranks, and two, to back up their strategic judgments. SGM has been a -- [indiscernible] has been a monopolist for decades. I don't see that they have the ability, they're not used to living in a competitive environment all over, and it’s the same thing by the way with [indiscernible] in Singapore. They never worked in the competitive environment. We never worked in anything but a competitive environment. So you take Lawrence Fo [ph] very bright guy, very nice man, he's done a good job starting off slow, picked up so then Galaxy’s standing outflow picked up, but at one point you got to something besides opening the doors. And Whin [ph] is used to competing but he is specialized as we all know, he has specialized and done an excellent job in the high end of the market. And what's the last one MGM, MGM the only thing they have ever developed was City Center and for those of us in the United States, particularly those of us who live here in Vegas it doesn't need any further comments. So from our standpoint, we are very pleased we've worked in competitive environments all of our life. We have been never, not worked in a competitive environment. So we know what it takes and I can tell you the mistakes that have been made, as I don't want to go into them and make it public because I don't want to stop them from making mistakes in the future, after all we are competitors. But other people are making mistakes we're not making the same mistakes. We're sticking -- we’re staying the course, we're sticking to our critical mass. A very broad, a very in-depth entertainment and consumer attraction component of the Integrated Resort model which we claim we have started, we’re the pioneer if it. 
Sheldon Adelson: What I would like to say here Jon is that notwithstanding my previous comments about our competitors, we do want to work together with them because collectively we can work together and bring a lot of visitation to our grounds, to Macao. We could fight over the customer and our claim to be able to do a better job fighting over the customer when they get off the plane they get off the boat or they get off the bus. We could do that, that’s legitimate, we could fight but we got to work together to help Macao, to improve it and to improve the visitation. 
Sheldon Adelson: We're getting more and more vibes that something is going to open up in Asia. And clearly if you talk to anybody in any of the countries where we've been, let's use the word lobbing for a number of years. There isn’t anybody doesn’t thing that we're in the pole position in any one of these countries. So it's getting to smell like something is going to be coming up soon. And we've considered that in our cash flow vis-à-vis estimating the dividend and knowing that we're going to have enough to do, and we're not taking into account the opportunity to borrow money to pay the dividend, which by the way if we did we've have a very, very super healthy dividend. But at this stage of the game we're not anticipating borrowing to pay the dividend, we've got enough cash flow. Notwithstanding the reduction in overall cash flow because of the challenges in Macao we’re still earning a huge amount of money, billions of dollars.
Sheldon Adelson: I think the timeline is give or take about 12 months from now. For a full opening, we haven’t lately looked at a partial opening. It all depends there are still something, some imponderables out there. But right now the way things are going we don’t have as much labors as we'd like to have, et cetera. But we're happy enough with what the government is giving us, we're grateful, we're appreciative and right now it looks like we're probably going to have an opening in about 12 months. 
Sheldon Adelson: We are struggling less than our competitors are struggling because we have a unique tool, it's called MICE. They can’t fill up with MICE, we can. So that's why our occupancy is higher, our rates our high cash rates, are higher and we could -- we have more of a mass market in the casino. It's again it's you got to look at what we -- what this fundamental business model is, we are MICE-based we’re supposed to fill up the mid-week at the rates of the weekend, when you have good MICE business. That's the fundamental nature of being in the trade show and the convention business.
Sheldon Adelson: We’re committed to the dividends, as I've said a number of times our interest, my family’s interest is on the same page as yours. Our interests are very much aligned. To answer your question very specifically we are comfortable with a 2 to 3 times leverage to EBITDA, now we’re not near that and we don't have as I have said earlier in the call, our present intention is not to borrow money to pay dividends, we have sufficient cash flow and excess cash flow to be able to do that. And we're just thinking about new development opportunities. There's a lot of conjecture about what a new development opportunity in an emerging market like Japan or somewhere else in the Far East, keeping our powder dry so we can go after that aggressively and we could build, what it takes to build to win the day, to win the competition. We are keeping our powder dry in our borrowing capacity. We’re not uncomfortable with 2 to 3 times but we are uncomfortable right now to go out and borrow money to pay dividends. We as I said earlier, we’re beginning to feel vibrations that a development opportunity is hopefully around the corner.
