Sheldon Gary Adelson: Thank you all, for joining us today. Before we go to Q&A, let me make some brief opening remarks. I want to apologize in advance if I -- if you hear some paper rattling because I've got several papers that people have given me. I'm trying to take information from the paper. We're very pleased with the overall financial results for the quarter. As you saw in the press release, we have set an all-time industry-wide record. No company in our industry has ever achieved $1 billion EBITDA for a quarter. We're very proud of that, and we hope it will be the first of many -- well, we know it's the first of many records that we're already setting, and we hope it will be the beginning -- well, a continuation of a lot more records that we’re going to set. We also -- we went up -- the earnings per share went up 89% from last year to $0.70. Now I know there were a lot of estimates coming out in the 50s, in the $0.52, $0.53. I even saw an analyst last night that said his estimate the day before our earnings release from $0.56 to $0.61 or something like that. That was probably the highest. Our net revenue, after -- and again, according to GAAP, net revenue increased 31% to $2.76 billion. Now frankly, the gross revenue was somewhat higher, and I've been having discussions with our auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers, as to why the industry reports net. And if I read the rules regarding it under the FASB, the Financial Standards -- the Financial Accounting Standards Board, under the rules, I read that, and I have some questions about that. In any event, it would be up to $3-point-something billion. The EBITDA margin is an industry-leading EBITDA margin of 38.6%. In the case of Macau, we have results that are in excess of our Cotai share. This is the 11th consecutive quarter of EBITDA growth, and I have the chart in front of me. And it comes to a whopping and instead of CAGR, C-A-G-R, compounded annual growth rate, we've got -- I don't know how to pronounce it.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: We are at the point where I'm going to fly our Board of Directors over. It's a very big decision. We're going to look at Madrid and Barcelona. And let's say, we're on the cusp of having a decision. I'm just having a little difficulty in getting the whole board, scheduled to be worked out on any one day. If somebody isn't available, we'll take as many board members as we can, as soon as we can. And I hope that we can -- I'm looking forward to doing a -- to having a decision. Where it's going to be located and what parcel of land we're going to select, maybe within the next month or so. Well, that's going to grow [ph] -- our gaming next year [ph].
Sheldon Gary Adelson: What I'd like to say is that it'll be an unusual comfort in the world and [indiscernible] we have to confirm the deduction of a highway [indiscernible] and we structured our idea that we earned it, so we bring this out -- And everybody else could do this. I think they're going to spend a cut [indiscernible] we're going to spend. And it'll be -- I can't say for sure. It'll be a highly favorable rate.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I just want to clear that I don't want the Spanish government to give an opinion. It will be a favorable rate compared to other jurisdictions throughout the world.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: All right. Very interesting, when I was at the opening, another analyst, a colleague of yours, I don't know if it was from JPMorgan, came over to me and he said, he talked about the advantage that RWS has. Let me explain to you. You’ve got to understand what they mean by international marketing agents. And they specifically did not call them junket reps. The junket rep in Macau does 3 primary services. One, brings the customer; two, provides and collects the credit; and three, shares commission with the customer; and four, somehow rather gets the money to us. Now in Singapore, as we read the rules and regulations, the junket rep could not share commission with anybody else. So that takes away a major incentive for the junket reps to be replaced, to go through the junket reps because there is a share of the commission [ph] . Secondly, they can't give out credit. So that kills something else. We compare the over 100 field salespeople that we have in various offices, particularly around Asia with those 2 junket reps because our customers can -- our field salespeople can go out and bring in customers and get paid on a basis of productivity, probably a lot of detail you're not interested in is how they get paid. But the bottom line is they don't get a percentage of the role. They don't share any of their commission. They're called junket reps here in Las Vegas. And Las Vegas-style junket rep is the field sales guy who gets some limited amount of money for bringing in a player based upon the theoretical play that the player plays or theoretical win. In Singapore, they call them international marketing agents because that's all they are. They're salespeople that bring in a customer, and I suppose they get paid. They can't provide credit. They can't share the commission. So they're the equivalent of our more than 100 salespeople. So we don't see that RWS has any advantage over us. And for those kinds of international marketing agents, we already have over 100 of the equivalent of a function of those 2 international marketing agents. So why are we going after them for? So let me be clear, that’s rhetorical. There's no reason for us to go after those -- that kind of junket, that kind of liaise.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Okay, let me tell you what we've done. We have -- I keep telling people it isn't a quarterly hold rate, whether it's plus or minus that should be adjusted. If the hold rate is 3.3%, 3.5%, 4%, you got to bring it back down to 2.85%. We have prepared documents that show a 200-day moving average. The 200-day moving average was 2.85%, company-wide. It was a higher percentage in Singapore. I'm sorry I don't have it in front of me. Somebody had it, they didn't give it to me. No, I think Ken is -- somebody is about to give it to me. Let's see, the total Macau properties is 2.90% -- sorry, 420 -- well, I can't get it to 421. I can only -- because that includes probably the second quarter. I can only go to end of the first quarter.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: The moving average is 2.90%. The Marina Bay Sands -- total Macau and Singapore properties, 3.05% on a 200-day moving average. So that's what counts. Now if somebody wants to go to a more rapid evaluation, I'd like to hold a contest. We can have people guess on a quarterly basis, on a monthly basis, on a weekly basis, on a daily basis, an hourly basis, and minute by minute, and I would provide a multimillion dollar prize for anybody who can guess and determine where our entire company is going based upon win or loss or percentage of hold on a minute to minute basis. Just being sarcastic about that. 3.31%, total; Macau and Singapore properties, 3.05%.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I keep talking about cannibalization. I keep telling everybody the critical mass in a supply-driven industry brings in more people. It doesn't cannibalize others. We are trying to cannibalize our competitors and not cannibalize ourselves. I cannot talk about anything that has occurred since April 1 because that's in the current quarter. And I urge you to turn -- to call this number again, maybe a different number, 90 days from now, and we'll give you all the information you want. I'm going to tell you, I see no reason that our 14.2% growth per quarter of the 11 quarters won’t continue because every quarter we do the earnings call, everybody -- and by the way, for all except for those quarters, it's all organic growth. Because we open up Singapore, it became organic with us. It became a legacy property. And from that point on, it's gone, I think, more than 14.2%. But over the last 11 quarters, it's a spread of 14.2% quarterly. That's Cotai Central. All you have to do is look at our history, look at the position that we occupy in the market. I don't see any other company earning $1.70 billion EBITDA for one quarter, so there must be something we're doing.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Frankly, I'm not as smart as Goldstein. I think he understood the question better that I do, and same thing for Mike Levin. Do you guys want to answer that question? Because I didn't understand it.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I want to get into the -- put aside the retailers. Look, the retail venue of our assets is so great that we could eliminate, almost completely eliminate -- if that were included, there's cash and we're able to monetize that, which we don't want to at this point, it will pay off all our debt. We would essentially be in the net cash basis, including the monetization of retail debt free. I want to point out to you that the -- I don't understand. You take one of our 4 properties and -- to make an evaluation. Well, that's liable to hurt [ph]. But we can get down as soon as a -- estimating the impact of every hour's worth of activity. I want to point out that from first quarter ’11 to '12, our gross gaming revenue went up 32%. Our gross rolling revenue went up 40%. And that was helped by a big jump in the Four Seasons in the Plaza Casino. Our Non-Rolling table revenue went up 19%, and our slot revenue went up 21%. Those are the numbers. If you want to -- we think it would be an exaggeration to say that one of the properties didn't perform as good as somebody expected. That everything has gone into hell in hand basket, I would strongly suggest that, that would be an overreaction or exaggeration to the reality. We've got a 14.2% quarter-to-quarter EBITDA, and that's what really counts.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: [indiscernible] On a longer-term basis, that's true. But on this quarter we grew in excess of our fair share.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I want to point out that we have more tables than one out of 6 -- 1/6 of the concessionaires. We have far more hotel rooms than one out of 6 concessionaires, and I'm sure we have all the other amenities like nice space far and away, hotel rooms far and away, restaurants far and away. So we got to the point, where as I said earlier, [indiscernible] knows it, we don't have to put in all this stuff because Venetian is doing it [indiscernible] .
Sheldon Gary Adelson: If there is an advantage for us to work to any third party to bring in more business and that will improve our business, we'll work with them. But as I've said earlier, that the only thing they could do, the only things they could do is that exactly which our own 100 or so field salespeople can do. And as we understand it, they can't do any more than that. And if they cannot and if we're correct in interpreting the law, they can't do any more than that. There's no reason for us to work for them -- to have them work for us.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: There's no advantage for a player to go through one of those junket reps with whom they cannot share the commission. They can get the entire commission, if they come directly to us, and we provide the credit. So I don't know, somebody's got to explain to me what the advantage is. I don't see it.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: We are very heavily petitioning. Let's call it in U.S. terms, lobbying the government. They don't have lobbying firms over there in Asia. But we are asking the government and do what we can to contribute toward regulatory structure in terms of the drafters of the legislation. We're sticking our two cents in there. You probably have heard almost the same thing we have. I wouldn't want to get into anything you may not have heard because it will give a roadmap to our competitors. So we're doing what it will take to get there. I can't tell you what's going to happen tomorrow. I can't tell you what will happen this year. But the possibility -- there are elections in Korea this year. There are elections in Japan this year. Those are the 2 primary properties. We're still -- we are very heavily involved with Vietnam. We're looking at Taiwan. Although Taiwan has passed a law for NAVI. It's from the mainland of Taiwan to Kimen and Matsu, adjacent to the PRC. So they're talking. I don't know if they have talked to mainland yet. So we're out there. We have resources that we're applying and are petitioning or lobbying process. And it's very difficult to say when. It can happen this year. It can happen until next year. Maybe it will happen not until the year after. But we're right on top of it on every single move. We've talked into the legislator. We are helping to contribute to the drafting of the legislation. We're touring a lot of people, a lot of government people that come from any of these countries. They've all heard about Singapore. They've been on to Singapore. We carry on a regular practice. It's a revolving door, a government of people who are coming to see how Singapore works, and they typically want to follow that model. That's all we can say about that.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: We’re not going to put a shovel in the ground without having the financing. There is no more than taking equity and putting 100% equity. I attribute that to my former management who follow that practice. We will have financing before we put a shovel in the ground. And if the financing is not available, we're not putting the shovel in the ground. So if we have the financing, we'll finish the property. If we start it, we'll finish it. And if there is no financing available, if things in the market change, we will simply delay that. It didn't go on for many years. It was a relatively short-term phenomenon where money wasn't available. But I've seen, in the last 20 years, money being or not being available almost on a revolving basis, certainly no more than annually or 12- to 15-month hiatus. So we're not going to get into the -- listen, it's like the expression, fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me. We've already gotten caught in that mess. Even though it wasn't my mess, but although it was, I was the CEO, it was our mess. And we're not going to make -- we learned from it, we're not going to make that same mistake again.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: We've done about a dozen or more studies about the market in Europe, and we probably have most studies and more validation of our vision than any other project ever. After all, this will be one of the largest projects ever built. And I don't want to mention the number because I'll be reading it in every journalist's article or every analyst's report. But we've done an awful lot of study on this. We feel quite confident, and the bottom line is no 20% cash-on-cash return, no project.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: It may or it may not be. Listen, the hold changes from day to day. Anybody who can predict day-to-day, hour-to-hour, minute-by-minute is a miracle person. We don't want to withhold any information from you. We'll work with everything and we're obliged to share, and we want to share with you. But if you're taking a one quarter and you're not taking [Technical Difficulty]
Sheldon Gary Adelson: No, we're looking at it realistically. I'll tell you honestly, Felicia. I've been after my people for a couple of years that, on a monthly basis, I was -- the first 30 days of a 200-moving day average dropped off and the last 30 days added on. And I've been a proponent of the 200-day moving average for years. But unfortunately, not all the people at my company do exactly what I wanted to do. So this time, I make sure that I have it -- we're going to have it from now on. I finally got the figure today, and the figure for Macau and Singapore, which constitutes almost 90% of our total business, it's 3.05%. That's the number. And that's the 200-day moving average. So what can I do? If 2.85% is less than that, well that's more than 2.85%. You think you want to adjust it because it's too high than the average hold, you have to take into account the habits of the people that play. And the habits of the people that play in this industry can change the results of the law of averages. The law of averages is 2.85%. But I tell you, I fail to be amazed at the fact that the game of blackjack, where we have a 17% to 22% hold, say, give or take 20%, even in the States in Las Vegas, the maker of the gaming, it's 36% over in Asia. Why is it 36%? Dramatically, it's like 80%, whatever, whatever number higher than the law of averages calls for, is because the people don't play on the rules that people play here. They play on the basis of luck. And people's behavior is that's an excellent classical example of how that can change returns. So if you take the law of averages return in Las Vegas and apply it to what you want -- if you take the law of averages or the results should be in Asia, there's a risk that those numbers won't jump. I don't think it's a risk. I think it's a surety. So the 200-moving day average is going to give us a more authoritative and a more lengthy basis on which to make our own internal projections and to report whether we're above or below a milestone.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Sequentially, it was flat -- not sequentially, I mean -- year-on-year, the way we're reporting that numbers...
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Robin, we've talked about sequential the last 2 or 3 conference calls. And basically, you're dealing in a business that sequential comparisons are not relevant compared to year-over-year comparisons. Because as you see a product matures, if you look at Macau where it's getting more mature, you have to -- you could see where the annual comparisons year-over-year work. In Singapore, it's not mature enough to really understand the seasonality, which we've talked about before. And I think honestly, you get into a little trouble when you look at sequential. And if that happened looking at various rolled numbers, et cetera, and so forth. Someone said previously that the first quarter and the third quarter tend to look like our stronger quarters. Right now, that's what they do. But comparing it month over month is really not -- days change, holidays change, things affect those particular situations. And the mass market is particularly sensitive to seasonality, particularly sensitive to various months. So you know what...
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I have no idea what the government's going to do then. Robin, all I know is the government is trying to be as accommodating and supportive of the concessionaires as they can, but whatever they do for one, I think they got to do for everybody. And listen, I'm not an analyst. I'm not free to speculate. I have to report the facts. And if somebody wants to speculate about the number of tables or speculate about labor, speculate about this and that, that's what it is. It's speculation. We are required under the pains and penalties of getting bawled at by my wife, I'm not telling exactly the way it is, not to mention the SEC. We have to be accurate. We cannot speculate.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: The rooms and the price we can get, the ADR and the rooms, is clearly unequivocally subject to seasonality. We're going to have trade shows and conventions go in the spring and the fall, not in the summer. The FIT leisure rate in the summer is totally different. The retail with Christmas and other Golden Week spending periods in Asia is seasonal. The gaming is seasonal. We just happened to be in a seasonal business where I guess under the category of consumer discretionary. And unless somebody thinks we're in another category, and that is seasonal. Look, if 40% or more of all the retailers come in the United States between Thanksgiving, the 4 weeks between Thanksgiving and Christmas, I can't make any stronger case for seasonality than that.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: It's just all figures. We can't -- It's much too early to make that assumption, particularly to make it public. We've done most studies, at least about a dozen studies. And that we did feel confident that the amount of money that we need, the amount of business we need to get to the 20% cash-on-cash return, and we will continue with it. We just pull it back, and say we're sorry, everybody, we wish that it was done. But we don't believe that's in the cusp. We believe that all the studies that we've done validate our vision.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Well, I don't have any closing remarks, except to say I'm looking at the chart that shows us 2 -- 1 out of 2 of 12,222 companies. I look at the constant growth, I look at the 14.2% quarter-on-quarter EBITDA growth. And frankly, I don't understand -- I don't want to encourage analysts to overreach and to overpromise because that happened once before, and we just barely made it, everybody's projections. So everybody makes their own projections. We're going to keep doing what we're doing. I can't -- it's very difficult for me to give a lot of credibility to people who think that there’s a plateau level and that is predictable in Asia. It's just the nature of their culture that they have a greater propensity for play and to shop and to do other things than other cultures. This is a cultural sensitivity issue, and we live with that. And I see no reason for our 14.2% quarterly EBITDA growth to go backwards and to reduce. So that's my closing remark. I want to thank everybody for phoning in, and we'll talk to you in 90 days. Thank you.
Joseph Greff: Okay. And then switching topics to Singapore, and then I have a follow-up. Obviously your competitor...
Joseph Greff: And then switching over to a question on Singapore, and then I have a quick follow-up after that. Obviously Genting got 2 junkets approved for their property. Can you share with us your strategy, your position, whether or not you're sponsoring any application in the near term or what your views are there, with the use of junkets or IMAs there? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Joseph Greff: Okay. And then my final question, then maybe, Ken, you can help me out here. What was the positive hold impact on EBITDA in Singapore and in Las Vegas? And that will be it for me.
Robert G. Goldstein: On the gaming side, Shaun, we obviously we did underestimate the impact of the Chinese New Year's. And obviously that's our bread-and-butter quarter in this company vis-a-vis Asia, and there's not a discount. We did show nice growth, I think, year-on-year. I'm pleased with that. Again, we're only our ninth quarter of operating there. So it's hard to predict seasonality and even more difficult to estimate the importance of all the new infrastructure, such as the cruise ship terminal, increased growth to China and to Singapore in general, that the mass market growth out of Indonesia and Malaysia. But I think we're very confident that if you look at Singapore and its position in the market, it's a very, very exciting place to travel for Asians, especially newly employed Asians. I think it continues to grow both on the VIP and mass side. Again, being 1 of 2 competitors there is a huge advantage. The duopoly situation is a huge advantage for us and RWS. Singapore has done a new quarter record for us results-wise. I don't think there's any question to growth in Singapore in the future. It's hard for me to determine, except for Chinese New Year's, in fact, if our first -- third quarter would be a better quarter. Fourth is obviously challenged as December isn't there, but we see bright days ahead with the cruise ship terminal, with the Tiger Gardens and the growth of tourism infrastructure, et cetera. And the affluence throughout Asia, I think it bodes well for our growth in the markets.
Robert G. Goldstein: Good question, I'm glad you asked it. The Four Seasons had -- first of all, has a non-gaming variable in there. The fourth quarter versus the first quarter was down by $13 million as it relates to our retail operations. And I can't -- I won't go to detail, why, but suffice to say, there's a $13 million quarter-on-quarter miss there. You should know that we are very pleased with what's happened in the Four Seasons. Rolling Volume is up 4x from the first quarter of '11 to first quarter of '12. So we’re thrilled about that. Unfortunately, we did experience heavy concentration on our win based versus volume based conditions. The cost is about $10 million to $11 million of additional compensation, and that was a big bang to our numbers. Across the entire portfolio, to put your mind at rest, we ran about $800 million of win. We were 11-plus percent in the margin. We feel good about that. We're still pretty underperformed at that [ph] point. There's concern in the marketplace, I know, as it relates to our bonus program. I think it's simple to say that over $800 million of gaming win of that segment, we did less than $3.2 million. So it's $800 million versus $3.2 million out of this huge junket experience or bonus program. So I think what you're seeing is I'm disappointed because we felt we had much better quarter at the Plaza. We got rich [ph] somewhat, vis-à-vis the win based versus volume based. We got hurt on the retail comparison. And again, normal operating, we should have done -- we should have had normalized profit of roughly 4x we did in the first quarter of '11 and twice we did in the fourth quarter. So I have a lot of confidence, the things David has achieved over there, David Sisk, is extraordinary. Our growth for the first time in the junket segment exceeds the market across the board. I see even brighter days ahead for us in that segment as we get stronger in Cotai Central. And we have no fears whatsoever that Plaza is on its way, both in the mass, the retail and especially the junket segments performing very, very strong.
Robert G. Goldstein: And Shaun, just to close the door on that. In the first quarter of '11 we rolled about 2.375. We should have been $8 million. We did like $8 million on that. This year we rolled 10.7, we should have made $39 million normalized, if you take out all variations. So excluding 30-plus million dollars year-on-year growth in that segment profit-wise, from my way of thinking, is great. And I think we're going to be very strong in that segment.
Robert G. Goldstein: I think, Mark, we all know there's no confusion here that what this company has is probably the most dramatic opportunity is our gaming to be very, very strong in the mass segment. I think we all recognize the junket segment has ruled Macau. It has been amazing. Hard to believe, the 7 to 8 years, the growth we've seen. I think the junkets are important. The mix, everybody, but everyone can participate in that. I think what LVS has and I think we are working hard on is maximizing our huge table and lodging advantage we have over there. Because I think at the end of the day, it's about capacity to gamble, place to sleep, a shopping opportunity and a place to eat. We have those in spades across the board. I think that's our future. I'm back in Macau next month and meet with the team once again to review how we move forward in every one of our properties to get to that 45% business. As nice as the junket business is, what's really doing it and it's a great business for us, we all know the opportunity. If we do our job and we get 1,000 plus mass tables to perform the upper reach of the market at a 45-point margin, will make this number looks small. So we're very focused on it. We get it, we see it, we are very uniquely advantaged at this point. The Cotai opportunity is amazing for us, and that's our focus and that's where our energies will be.
Robert G. Goldstein: Jon, it's Rob Goldstein. To Sheldon's comment, we spent the last decade developing what we think is the premier team in the business on the customer side as it relates to the high-end, high net worth individual. We're proud of that team. Larry Chiu runs it. I think he's the best in business, and I think our team is extraordinary all throughout Asia. Andrew and Mark and the team and Jeremy over in Singapore have examined, and continue to look at all aspects of the junket situation over there. We'll see where it goes. Sheldon’s absolutely right, at this point, we don't see enough importance to jump into that. But we'll keep looking at it, and obviously we won't be disadvantaged if there's an opportunity there.
Robert G. Goldstein: It's Rob. On the first question -- on the second question, it's easy enough. The Chinese New Year has come and gone. That's in our event calendar in the first quarter. And obviously there's holidays, and there's F1 races, and there's all the events that takes place throughout Singapore. But as far as the specific calendar, we do for events there for our customers, but obviously Chinese New Year's is by far the most important event of the calendar. There is F1. There is our events internally. But I don't think there's any worth mentioning, it's going to be that earth shattering and that important to you.
Robert G. Goldstein: Yes, it's fully occupied in the month of May. We opened -- all those will commit to, Felicia. We have some issues with some of the physical issues in the rooms and the hotel, being it done in April. It's fully operational except for one junket on the 3rd week of May, the last junket rolls in there of the 12 we'll be there. We expect the full hit in month of May. And we feel very, very good the complement of offers is assembled there. Again, I think what that team has done is exemplary. And our advantage on the VIP side is that we have so much capacity now in Cotai that people want to be in our buildings. We feel very confident at the product and the VIP themselves, I didn't get a chance to see them, but they're very impressive. And we get the best and the brightest as our junket operators, and we're fully occupied in the month of May.
Robert G. Goldstein: Yes, we are. We'll start renovation shortly, and I think you'll see a big change there, obviously we're overdue. And then we had to push back the -- with the customers and operators about it. It's been a problem for us. I think on the upside, I'm pleased with our performance, the VIP tables on The Venetian, but there's room to improve. I think the new tables or the new rooms we're building at Venetian are very, very nice to look at, very pleasant, coupled with, again, our presence in Cotai in general gives us advantage, good performance in The Venetian as well. Although, it's probably [indiscernible]
Robert G. Goldstein: Robin, it's Rob. Before we leave the Singapore question, I came up with things that -- we're 2 years into Singapore and forget sequential year-on-year. The fact is we have a duopoly with all those people in Indonesia and Malaysia. It seems to me an awfully good bet that the market across the board, be it lodging, be it retail, be it gaming, be it high-end gaming, has got to grow and it will keep growing. Because as you saw in Macau, in the early days back then, no one would have guessed, back in 3 and 4, it's happened to mass or VIP. I think any place in Asia you can get duopoly in a major city with an airport like that. It's an awfully good bet and we're sitting it down the road, whether it's next quarter or next year, astounded by the growth in Singapore. I just think you have to give more respect how good that market will be and can be.
Felicia R. Hendrix: Rob, guys, I know you're not going to give any -- you don't want to talk about Sands Cotai Central, makes sense given that it's next quarter's data. But just wondering if you could tell us how many VIP rooms and tables are open at the property now? And then maybe give us a schedule for how they're opening across the year.
Felicia R. Hendrix: Okay. And then can I just take another stab at this question? I just think it's important to ask so that everybody is just on the same page, and we're not all guessing different numbers. If you could give us, either Rob or Ken, the EBITDA impact from the holds at Marina Bay Sands, Las Vegas and then I guess there was quite [ph] in Macau.
Felicia R. Hendrix: I understand that, but the 200-day moving average is still lower than the actual hold in some cases.
Robin M. Farley: I know you've commented on VIP business in Singapore. But I wondered if you could give us your thoughts on the mass business, where it was a little bit more flat sequentially. And just, is that seasonality or how you view the mass business and how you think that will grow sequentially from here. And I've got one or 2 other after that.
Robin M. Farley: No, that's great, but I'm asking about the sequential pattern and just how you expect sequential change, not the year-over-year.
Robin M. Farley: And I think the Q1 comment before was really about VIP. I was trying to get some more color on mass. But if that's -- if you just want to say -- I understand what you're saying, you don't know the seasonality of the market, and that's fine...
Robin M. Farley: Sure. I was looking for factors outside the seasonality that you might address. Then the other question, the last one is on Spain, and I wonder if you could just give us -- and this could be a wide range or just kind of ballpark on what kind of revenue assumption you have for the market there that gets you to the 20% return.
