Sheldon G. Adelson: That’s a good question. We are sailing in Marina Bay since Singapore is sailing in unchartered waters and the amount we don’t see any let up in the growth, but the higher, the Paiza Club or the high-end gaming, the larger the slug of revenue from that segment the higher the percentage will be. The other day we pulled in 71% of Casino departmental profit. So the more of that, it’s tough to say, but I can’t see it going much more then 60%, but I have a very high very consistent high end of the marker return every since day to get beyond 60%. 
Sheldon G. Adelson: No, no, no much more what is Dan, what's the figure? Somebody came along and took my pages here. I can’t refer back to the beginning.
Sheldon G. Adelson: I don’t think it’s an anomaly I think it because we had a very had a much higher percentage of high-end gaming, of high-end wind. But I see the Plaza at the Four Seasons not equaling, but starting to approach within a striking range, the number were experiencing at Sands Macao. That’s picking and we expect it to pick that more, we anticipate doing some property improvements and adding couple of amenities.
Sheldon G. Adelson: We are still growing. I am looking at the members who are still growing not as dramatically as there are other properties but we are still growing and bear in mind that most of the competition is on the Peninsula. And just totaling our own when there is more capacity, it dropped into the market periodically just totaling our own is that accomplishment but we are actually increasing. Also another point I want to bare in mind back in 2005 we announced that we paid up the entire cost of the property. So we are providing an infinite return, so every nickel we make there is a nickel is without an investment. Let me talk about billion, every billion we make is without an investment.
Sheldon G. Adelson: Well, I tell you, you know that foreign market is a moving target. I'll tell you that I watch that every single day but I only have access to the top 20 what we call the hit sheet. The top 10 winners, top ten losers and the average number of countries that are represented and those 20 customers are eight to nine different countries. We get countries from all over the Pacific, from Laos and Cambodia and Myanmar. Let me get back to the beginning and say that our primary markets are Singapore, Malaysia and Indonesia. We are building up steady stream of business from Korea, from Japan and outside of the area Hong Kong is our biggest contributor. China is let me say equally as strong. So we get a lot of business from China, but we are very cautious about granting credit only to people that we know. So it’s just a whole potpourri of countries that are represented, I have ordered a percentage of total business, a breakdown by country. So we will see some sort of an analysis. But I got to tell you, as far as the top ten winners or losers it comes from a wide variety and I personally curious about it. I watch this every single day and I can look at it and sometimes we have as little as four people from Singapore, sometimes as many as 12 or 14 out of the 20. One day last week I saw, mid week only four countries represented, but it’s going out, we get from Bangladesh, we get from India, from Thailand, from the Indo-Chinese countries, Vietnam, we got from Philippines, New Zealand Australia, couple from the USA, but we are going to do an analysis of that. We will probably be publish that, but I personally see it as a very promising sign, because when you penetrate of the haves as opposed to the have-nots in a place like Bangladesh all have to know each other and people say, they enjoyed their stay, their trip. Well then I get a lot more people from outside Bangladesh and so we will have a steady solid stream of business, from each of those countries and is an awful lot.
Sheldon G. Adelson: We do have capacity, we can find more room. Well we do have capacity, we are ready to do something. There is a possibility of some additional GFA to be connected to the hotel, but I really can’t say much about that now. If we are going to expand right now with what we have, we are doing an analysis of the availability of the number of private gaming rooms. So we are looking ahead and we do have some space to put that. I think we are okay in the mass market, and I think we have enough capacity, but I think the high end as it grows, it’s pushing 60% of the total gaming income. It's like 57 to 60% of the gaming income and that keeps improving, keeps increasing. So I think that what we are going to focus on first is more private gaming. So in private gaming, one bet can equal all the bets that are around the table in the mass gaming floor for that minute. So there is a lot of upside potential at the high end, we are going to focus on making sure we have enough private gaming rooms. 
Sheldon G. Adelson: The status of the Japan well as I mentioned before there was an inter-party gambling study group put together. It appears to me and we have been told there is a draft of legislation we've contributed to that, we've commented on that and it’s moving forward. They say that it should come through by the end of the six months session starting I think in either January or February coming up and that within six months the legislation and all the companion legislation. You know they have to modify other laws such an anti-gaming law to make it legal to allow gaming, so there are number of a companion measures that have to be done. They say that should be done by the end of June and if it’s done by the end June, we are talking about going into July, going into the next session of the legislature will be the first half of 2012 during which it will have already been put over to, transferred to the prefectures and the prefectures will setup their own procedures and selection of operators should be made sometime. It could happen soon, but they are talking more conservatively about first half of 2012.
Sheldon G. Adelson: I got myself into so much trouble. I blurbed it out during the shareholders meeting and I got into so much trouble. The attorney said why did you do that? Mike might carried on a lot of one on ones by the end of the day and they said that’s all they ask, but about the 1 billion in Singapore and 3 billion, and Rob is telling me I have to step up to the plate and admit that I was wrong. I had to admit that I was wrong and that I was much too conservative and that’s certainly is not my reputation, so I had to correct it, so I certainly didn't want to lose my reputation so we just had to do more than what I expected.
Sheldon G. Adelson: My position hasn’t changed we will seriously consider doing business with junket rep, but I am still of the opinion that either they are not going to fully apply or they are not going to be if they fully apply. Only the ones were they, I would think that only ones with no track record would pass. And if they did pass they won’t have enough business to really add a lot of value to the junket rep mainstream of customers coming in.  We keep finding little things that happen, one guy will send in a lot of money for the benefit of several other people. And we cut that off as soon as we have seen that, we are not going to take any steps whatsoever that can be directly, indirectly, remotely or overtly through junket reps, because it’s disallowed. We are erring on this side of following the casino regulatory authority rules. We are not sure, that our competitor is doing this. There is a great amount of curiously about, this seems to be the best, the worst kept secret that (inaudible) is doing business with junket reps. Now they have been doing business with junket reps for decades and I am not sure that they know, they have any experience with the credit markets and they certainly want to, they find it a lot easy to deal with the junket reps. But as I said before and I will say it again, I don’t believe they are going to provide the information that the government will require and if they do, they will either not be the kind of junket reps that are the Macau style junket reps that provide a collective credit, They will just be referring for a limited commission or cap on this commission. So I don’t think the junket reps are going to be a major fact, but they want very much to be there. And if they are going to really work seriously consider doing business with them, but so far we are doing quite well without them.
Sheldon G. Adelson: I don’t want to stand like a broken record, but we are hopeful that we can immediately receive the approval. If you read the newspapers, you read the clippings, we have a clipping service. If you read that and you believe it we are about to get it. 
Sheldon G. Adelson: And as an indication we are straddling 200 in October. One of the two properties is 201, one is 199, so we are straddling an average of $200. The InterContinental deal with 102 million customers, they have got thousand of sales people out in the field and the biggest venue that they bidding us for is Las Vegas with no property here to fill it. So we've signed a deal with them, we just announced it a couple of days ago. I think it’s difficult to add a lot of numbers to it, but I am quite convinced and so is Mike that this will be the difference between lower occupancy and a full occupancy. No hotel company goes out for the big groups we do. It will chase five or10000 person or 15000 groups, we can almost handle that in house, you know without leaving the building, when other properties need a while city full of hotel to accommodate that. So InterContinental is going to be a big push up in trust and I think it’s going to have a positive effect on us.
Sheldon G. Adelson: I know that sounds contradictory considering the reputation of my relationship with Steve Wynn, but I am hoping that Steve Wynn who is great at creating a mystique about an opening I hope he opens up with no property, that will give Las Vegas the push 
Sheldon G. Adelson: Personally I am reverse to this kind of promotion and I think that this is the time we can convert that into other paying customers rather than giving too many of these giveaway packages. I think that it diminishes our brand and I don’t think it does much for us except put people in rooms. I remember Steve Wynn, our friend, said that he decided to try to fill up his room. So, he said but every time people who stayed in his room, they went to down to the bars and to the restaurants and they got sticker shock. And they went over to other places where they’ve previously been, the lower end place, the budget places and bought their food and did their playing over there. So I unusually so agree with him and I think it doesn’t really do and spend much good. I’ve cut it down to 15% and I am now probably today, tomorrow going to cut it down to a maximum of 10% and there is got to be certain high limit. There’s got to be certain higher threshold for anybody to qualify.
Sheldon G. Adelson: Right now they were talking about three, but now they are focusing on two, Tokyo and Osaka. We believe that we've got our leg up because, number one I know that everybody was talking about another competitor of us had $1.2 million of free cash. I would like to say we have 3.2 billion in cash and excess were up to 6 billion. So we could do almost anything buy any company, go develop any properties. We are considered the leading contender because of the integrated resort model, both Macau and Singapore in that part of the world. And we are very, very excited about Japan. I keep going there every few weeks and meeting with the decision makers. And we are also focusing on Korea. I might say that while we are talking right now one of our development people has just finished a few days in Korea and he is flying to a gaming investment meeting in Japan and Tokyo. So we are very optimistic. You know, they have Pachinko parlors there, but they don't want to recognize that those are really casinos. And they have other forms of gaming like a boat racing, horse racing , I believe football betting, soccer betting and lotteries. So it’s not as though they aren’t familiar with wagering, they are quire familiar with wagering. They still have about 12 or 13000 pachinko parlors and most of those are like what we could call slot parlors.
Sheldon G. Adelson: It’s tough to say, but I think our market share will be at least equal. We are focusing on the high end on the market, I believe more so than what Kenting is, Kenting is doing a very good job at the mass end by the way, but it’s just not experience in granting credit and they really want junket reps and they are sponsoring a number of them. As I said earlier it’s difficult to say, I don’t want to my foot in my mouth and get into the trouble, about the future it is true that I am seeing the upside potential for us for more than 3 billion and that was only in 2011, so when we move to 2012 I see that with the major contribution from Singapore we could be hitting 2 billion in 2012 in Singapore. So it’s very difficult to say, as I said earlier we are sailing in uncharted waters. I personally believe that we have little baskets of the whole cornucopia of the perspective players coming from many, many different countries and we are not going to be affected like somebody mentioned currency I think before. They are dealing in so many currencies that I don't think if China really loosens up their currency or tightens up their currency that they would allow it to float. I don't think it’s going to have much meaning. It will have a big meaning in Macau and of course we are all in favor of that, but I don't think it’s going to have much of a meaning in Singapore because the business comes from too many countries.
Sheldon G. Adelson: 38% and we are averaging about 22 to 24,000 people a day. Am I correct there Dan? Yes, Dan put some box shots in front of me and took my attention away but I recollect of we are under 25. Well movie most recent moving full week period is 25000 people.
Sheldon G. Adelson: It’s interesting we are getting two thirds of attendance from the non-Singaporean. So they are coming from somewhere. I would suspect that we are getting there a 36 or 38000 hotel rooms, and they are pretty good hotels in, there are no club houses that I know of in Singapore, they are all pretty good, a lot of brand, international brandings. They and then some of them have multiple hotels. I think that we get a lot of those people that come over by cab or any other way from these other properties because almost two third of the attendance are coming far end. And we are not brining in a lot of the far ends from Malaysia. Now they could be coming to us, but we still don’t have a lot of that, but we have some buses, but not that many up and running. So I think we are getting a lot and we will be getting more and more turn there. In January I believe we have the V Oscar equivalent awards from India, January 14th and if we have that and really when we had the IFA the Indian International, IIFA whatever. The equivalent, another equivalent. They have three or four Oscar type award programs. Zee is one of them. We are getting Zee, we’ll get tremendous publicity all over India, I think that will be a big boost for India.
Sheldon G. Adelson: We will do one from each call. We’ll look to pass our debt, bear in mind that our retail is ramping up. If and when it ramps to the point I say when really. It ramps at a point we expect it to, we could sell that and get more money than what we need to pay off all the financing. So as far as I am concerned in my own mind, we are all but paid off, it’s all over, but they are shouting about having the capacity to pay it off and at a billion-plus in EBITDA there is a lot of cash flow they could pay off in just in very short period of time, 3.5 billion. By the way we always talk in US dollars, we are not talking in local currency. 
Sheldon G. Adelson: Listen, we resigned ourselves to dealing with the junket reps. We have good relationship with them. I had lunch with several of them. It is okay. They are doing a good job in Macau and that’s where we are at, but problem that we have is that [SJ] and it’s rumored that MGM is going to do it. They are going to start leasing out just to get the high end, the top line market share that they are going to give out 3% of the gross income for the sub licenses. Well that’s amazing and people are talking about whether conjunctionally or factually or whatever they are talking about gross income. What the heck does the gross income means when you all you have taken is 3% out of the gross income. I don’t know how far we can get, bear in the mind they are still talking about the possibility of the government lowering the tax rate in Macau and as Singapore gets goes up, I could say there is business coming, a lot of business coming from Hong Kong and China. You know they are not the dominant countries, Malaysia and Indonesia are the dominant countries and Singapore, but as Singapore does more and more business and it’s all over the clippings that it is projected now by 2012 that we will pass our Las Vegas trip in terms of gross income, in terms of revenue. So in Macau, because of the tax rate I don’t know how much higher we can get, but I mean just take, seat-of-the-pant’s estimate I don think we surpass 38 or 40%. Do you Rob, Mike do you think so. No I don’t think so. We’d have to really, really, although we have set several records in October, Golden Week, our moving average is about where it should it be. Some months will have a high end number, sometime a higher whole number, some months the lower whole number at a moving average just the way it should be. So I don’t where we want to go on EBITDA margin. Like we said we are doing the best we can. We are trying to reduce expenses not only in total number of employees, we are trying to reduce outside expenses. We are just about a hiring a new General Counsel over there extraordinarily so we can keep some of our Hong Kong legal expenses down. We are taking every step we can to get our customer.
Sheldon G. Adelson: I think you were right on Singapore not having more than official Chinese New Year, but we did get an increase in business over that period and we did get a number of customers from China but not as the same percentage of Macau. However, is very good and we have no complaints about it.
Sheldon G. Adelson: We are at just about 50% EBITDA margin. Growth of September to October I think I said I said 21% from September to October.
Sheldon G. Adelson: This is a process that a former CEO did, that's Steve Jacobs. We are not in agreement with that. We believe that junket reps own the market in Macau. It diminishes our relationship and the value of our relationship with the junket reps. So we are not proactively looking for direct business and we still don't know how much it cost us in credit defaults et cetera., et cetera. Clearly there's a lot more churning business in Macau from Mainland China, than there is in Singapore. So it's more precarious for us to issue credit to China. And unlimited amount of credit to China so I think we are going to keep, we are hoping to keep the direct business where it is. I think it’s somewhere between about 25% to 30% and we are going to try to keep it even at that.
Sheldon G. Adelson: A hair under 6 billion. We couldn’t be more enthused about our business today, and about a strong positioning for the future with the quality of the assets that we have that have seen a bump, we have seen a thrust upward and particularly the uncovering of the an untouched market in Southeast for Singapore. I want to thank all of your for joining us. We sincerely appreciate your interest and the support of our shareholders. That’s the end of our call. Thank you very much, good bye.
Mike Leven: Basically our occupancy has been building (inaudible) favorably, our tour operator business is close to 600 rooms a night. Our MICE business is building. We expect the occupancies to grow significantly higher towards the end of the year. On the retail, we are still not completely open, all the retail with the possible exception of Louis Vuitton will be open by the end of the year and it’s starting to ramp, not as well as we would have thought in the early going because the construction is going on, but it will basically be finished so that will be a contributor in 2011 we think significantly. Our room rate is holding and going and actually heading north, it’s going up. So that's working. I think all the signs are call center, all the signs of business beyond the casino situation are starting to move forward now, pretty rapidly and I think you will see some very significant consequences to that, the theatres will open at the end of the year and the museum will open at the end of the year. So we are pretty much done with everything there except the light and water show which will probably open in February and now we just have celebrity chefs open the end of this month, the roof top restaurant opens at the end of this month and the only significant delay in anything is the health club and the spa and that will take place some time in the early part of ‘11. So all of these income generating areas will pretty much be done by the time we head into ‘11 and some of them would have already ramped. So we expect a bigger contribution in 2011 from the rest of the property.
Mike Leven: The latest commentary on Galaxy is June. What we are hearing, we have no definitive word out about that. As far as that we are concerned, we are still on our target, our budget has remained the same. Yes, there will be a couple months delay. We are still looking at the end of the last quarter, we’ve 11 to open a Phase 1, however in the next 30 days we should know pretty well whether we can make that particular situation depending upon the amount of available employees. We have gotten indications that were going to get the numbers we need. But until we actually see them, we can’t give a definitive answer as to the exact date it will open. All the contract situations have been basically resolved, the contracts are out to the sub-contractors, everything is ready to go. All the design work is pretty much done. Our material is being ordered and as soon as we get the, move our construction work force from where it is to where it has to be to get everything done, we will be able to get give you that definitive date but I would say by the end of this year we will have much more definitive date on five and six. The every indication in the press and from the government says that the problem should be solved. But until it is solved we just kind of plugging along with our plans, but the contracts that you asked, but were all taken care of this year. There should be no surprises there at all.
Mike Leven: Actually improvements that Sheldon was talking about were in the Plaza and the Four Seasons. We were putting in some high limit areas which have been very good for that particular casino. And we’ve also done some more junket work in the Four Seasons and the Plaza Casino. So those things are starting to ramp up. In the Sands, as many of you know we are doing the Playboy situation in the roof top area. We put some private gaming rooms in there with that. I think the Sands Macao we really sort of look at as the cash cow in Macau. Remember that the most amount of competition that’s there in Macau really affects the Sands which is located on the Peninsula. So we work very hard with our business mix there and we are not looking for enormous hops in growth. We are looking for really stability and I think that’s what you saw happen in this quarter.
Mike Leven: We actually have been understaffed Mark from the original target, original target was about 8400 people. We ran below that for the first number of months just in terms of on boarding people, we couldn’t find enough of them. So our present payroll levels will probably increase closer to that 8400 level and then we have additional employees coming on with the theaters and the retail stores and the museum, et cetera. All of which will come according to plan. So we don't expect that there would be any enormity in the payroll increases compared to what we expected from the beginning, but you will have some slight increases to what we've been running now. And we watched that very carefully and continue to watch that very carefully. We also get requests from the Casino Regulatory Commission for certain audits and things like that that keep coming in that require additional people and we are working, we do that as well, but I don't think you will see any enormous surprise in terms of payroll costs.
Mike Leven: David I think you will see that in the growth in the mass market play. The numbers that we talked about before on the per day actualities for the mass market. We expected those, that those numbers will increase as the participation in the hotel increases. Our venture will get a tracking for the out of town or the foreign visitors from the hotel and what they are doing if they get carded, in other words if they get monitored in the Casino. But we haven’t done that yet, but that’s your metric that you will watch, because there is only so much mass market that can come from the Singapore environment itself. And so as the hotel fills and gets more interesting business from MICE et cetera. Things like we have a big Indian promotion going on in January to open that market more viably for us.  I think that is the measure that you will see. Slot play and mass drop will be the ones.
Mike Leven: The airport is expanding with an additional runway, but it doesn’t really do as much good because unless you get more lift into Las Vegas, US Air and South West and whatever have cut back some of their lift into Vegas which has caused I believe something like 800,000 less passengers this year coming into the airport. That drop is really because no seats are available. Most of the planes that come in here have very high load factors and they are very profitable for the airlines, but they sort of left us out in the cold. There are couple of things that are happening that I see, our Korean Air is coming in here now. There is a couple of other foreign carriers that have come in, BA and Virgin and what have you that are dropping some people in here, but at the end of the day, to have a significant recovery for Vegas in terms of the totality of the market, we need more lift in here because the drive traffic is pretty stable as well. And California does siphon off a little bit of that drive track with their own entertainment casino facilities. So lift is the single most important thing in terms of that. McCarran can handle more traffic. It’s just a question of getting more planes in it.
Mike Leven: That’s correct and as Singapore, it is about 12% against the gross receivables, continuously outstanding. 
Mike Leven: I would say that everything we read, it helps right now by the weaker dollar and the stronger Singapore Dollar and as far the China currency is concerned, we are also helped there as well, so I don’t think anybody really knows you can read everyday, you are more into than we are in terms of currency management, but right now we are in a very favorable situation with the money that comes in Singapore dollars and the money in the Chinese currency. So I don't expect any negative surprises in there, it should be all positive for us in 2011.
Mike Leven: Well it is a very intense promotional market in Las Vegas for last 24 months due to the downturn in cash demand segment. More people are giving away more things to casino customers (inaudible) our table and that continues as we speak today. In addition obviously the cash segment is very competitive as you saw with the LTAs, I think the recent trip offers you are seeing personally, but I think it’s no surprise that Las Vegas is competitive on the cash rate side and due to the lack of demand that makes it more competitive on the comp rate side and additional offers. We've cut back, we continue to rethink our offers and how aggressive we want to be in sales marketing. The town is still aggressive. I don't know how Cosmo, I have no idea how that will play out. So it can be helpful obviously, doing more capacity in a already difficult market can’t be a positive for the market. How big and negative I just don't know but I think that you are going to see in 2011, that continuous promotional landscape in the casino segment because the cash side is not holding up strong, so more people turn to spot and tail marketing as a way to fill rooms. We try to cut back and we try to play to our peer group which we think is Wynn and Bellagio and the better hotel casinos that we felt can offer you products. But we are getting competitive by anyone’s definition, a lot more so than it was in 2008. And I don’t know how that gets any better with additional capacity. It’s going to get worse in my opinion.
Mike Leven: No I think it is on gaming side as well because of lack of men in cash segment people are looking to fill the rooms up right, so they are going to look for the gaming side and dropped your requirements for complementary rooms and discounted rooms and promotional giveaways, the tournaments, et cetera. There are a lot most we got there at all segments on the casino side as alternatives that we cash market. So I think if anything has gotten worse and this summer was difficult summer promotions and the competition is fierce.
Mike Leven: We will be in the high 90s or mid to high 90s on weekends in MBS relying those occupancies now. Hopefully mid-week occupancy would get into the 80s at least in 2011 better than that perhaps in 2012 because of the MICE ramp up. I don't have the MICE roommate situation for 2011 and 2012 in front of me at the moment, but our expectation is that we should be building up to roughly 300,000 roommates a year on MICE business. As we get ramped up probably 2012, we will get that, probably we will be lower than that in 2011. The forward bookings are we are only starting to really get the credibility now and if you split the building up into various segments, your tour business should be in the 700s, MICE business in the 1000s and then you've got 400 to 500 casino businesses and the rest is transient. I mean that's basically an overall look at it. And that's our target to get to an occupancy that runs in the 90s. 2012 will be a very interesting year because I think 2012 is where the retail business will really start to move dramatically because the subway system will open that runs right into the retail area. We are working on some other transportation mechanisms now to get people in there to drive that up as well. So I think by the time 2012 we should be in a situation where you are getting maximum out of the total facility not counting the casino of course which will continue to grow.
Mike Leven: We did get significantly more play in the Golden Week period. I can’t tell you for sure whether it’s the Mainland China, but it was a better play, but October has been very strong all the way through, but not quite as strong as those two or three days. Those two or three days, due to the same days in Macau was still off the chart in terms of room as well as mass. But we have had very steady play all the way through October.
Mike Leven: I saw that number yesterday about the September drop in visitation if it dropped we didn’t really feel it. I mean we had a very good September and I don’t remember what last September really was about. I think often times there is a drop before Golden Week, people don’t come in they wait for the Golden Week period to come in which is in October obviously. I looked at it, it was a strange number to me. I didn’t hear anything from our people over there nor had we discussed it here because frankly the business was so good we didn’t really pay much attention to that.
Ken Kay: As Sheldon mentioned in the prepared remarks, we’ve been very careful with regard to the extension of credit in Singapore and as with the rest of our operations when we established reserves against receivables balances, we go account by account and work with marketing people, the collection people and the finance people to determine the appropriate balance. So as a just overall statement I think we are very conservatively stated, relatively to our receivable balances. And if you look at Macau, we've got reserve or allowance for question about 42% against the gross casino accounts in total. And if you take a look at that kind of the immediate collections that come right after the end of the quarter, it’s almost 48%. In Singapore obviously we are just getting started with regard to kind of the extension of credit and balances. We've got about a couple of hundred million dollars of receivables outstanding and we've got about 12% reserve against that and no significant issues to really report. So we've gone through the vast majority of the accounts and feel that they are all adequately stated with the modest amount of reserves that we have and actually interesting enough we've had some kind of long outstanding balances that we are starting to see collections come in on those in the fourth quarter and the accounts that haven’t paid for some time and so we are doing actually better than what we expected. 
Ken Kay: Obviously that Casino balance Rob and is much pressured and there is nothing old so to speak of (inaudible).
Ken Kay: Call me and I can give you the specifics on that. I don’t have that in front of me but I can walk you through that.
Ken Kay: No. That should be reflective of a full quarter of depreciation, and I would think as the continued construction spend takes place and we’ve got probably another $250 million spend through the end of this year to about $600 million of retainage payment that will go through next year. We will see that number creep up based upon the total capitalized costs.
Ken Kay: This is something that just Mike actually said in the last call. We are talking about June in Macau, the grand Canal Shoppes.
Rob Goldstein: Groups are strong and the main trends are good for the group cycle and unfortunately the ADRs are lagging, we are split probably in the 180, 190 range, but we are not getting to 200 plus. So it’s not happening. Demand is there on (inaudible) all competition in that segment, every segment of Las Vegas. So we expect that we hit our numbers as for as our percentage of our segmentation, but I don’t think rates will be, they will not reach 200 plus million.
Rob Goldstein: Let’s not get too emotional about Las Vegas, it’s still a struggle, when group segment rates, is still up to $200 and there is lots of, working with the partner nothing, your numbers are numbers, they haven’t been all that (inaudible) move back to a better place, but I wouldn’t expect huge numbers of anyone in this thing.
Rob Goldstein: I don’t think it holds impact by the way. On the table games side, it is not a hold issue nor or the slot machines as far as promotion giveaways. We are going to cut back on offers and be more judicious I think and hope that we can grow more business on room and in cash segments. We are hoping InterContinental deals, we are hoping better OTA approach and also the strong group business.  But all set on the promotional side, as Sheldon alluded to early in call, he alluded to the difficulties of chasing market share and I think that’s part of the problem. As you chase market share, the margins flip and this adds more pressure. So this probably will reduce our gaming losses and keep our revenues there. On the table game side, honestly it's driven primarily by Asian business anyway. Our high-end business gets more important everyday towards as a mix, percentage mix on the table game side. On the slot side we are going to reduce our offer somewhat and be more judicious and hope to flow more into the cash side.
Rob Goldstein: We are all seeing the market growth to answer your question on any growth in that. It seems to be that Kenting Europe, there is a heavy raise in commissions. 
Rob Goldstein: The percent of revenue by first and we don’t, we don’t have at this time between Singapore and the non-Singaporean in the math. That maybe something we can get in the future, but today we don’t have any of that.
Rob Goldstein: The number that missed out were the gross gaming revenue at Marina Bay Sands was up a 126% since May reaching $8.4 million per day in October, and that’s an annualized rate of $3.1 billion. 
Rob Goldstein: We present them unified and obviously if you look at the volume play in Las Vegas will be recipient of a lot of help from our casinos in Asia. Unfortunately plain lucky about 4.5 points against norm. So it cost us $19 million. It doesn’t really matter unless you lose table (inaudible) playing in the Venetian Plaza, we treat them equally.
