Robert G. Goldstein: Joe, it's Rob. I think -- well, first of all, we’re seeing increased volumes in both -- all our businesses there except for the rolling chip piece. I am very pleased with the growth in the foreign visitation; I’m very pleased with the growth in the Non-Rolling Slot ETG segments, especially the premium portions. I think our margins remain low 60s in that most important segment, I feel pretty good about it. Obviously, we’re paying more for our hotel rooms because we are getting very, very high cash rates, the highest in the Singapore market where ADRs keep getting higher and higher, and so we’re paying more for those rooms. But nevertheless, I’m very pleased with our team as far as the Non-Rolling chip play spot and table. The issue there obviously this quarter is all about the whole percentage of the rolling chip piece, and that’s continued to be a disappointment, and hopefully that will level out. We’re confident that our range of 2.7 to 3 is reasonable and achievable, but fairly this quarter we missed by quite a bit.
Robert G. Goldstein: Hi, Jon. How are you doing? SCC, you're right, has ramped to $1 billion we think is lot more running room for a lot of reasons. The best here would be – room is the biggest driver of mass gaming and as well VIP gaming in Macau, $5,700 at Sands Cotai Central. We also put our Dragon Master room later this year probably in the spring. I think we're in the infancy of Cotai Central. A lot of people are questioning its viability. Now it's running $1 billion plus. Our next goal is $1.2 billion, $1.3 billion. Everything is viable to grow there. The only thing inhibiting that property is that – our biggest win per unit per day in the mass side has doubled from $6,600 per table to $13,900 [ph] Q4 '13, so that's a wonderful ramp. Can it get to ’15, ’16 table we believe it can. We believe Dragon Master can drive the premium mass and also competes in the junket segment. I walked through the new retail space on the third floor last week and I think that property just has lot more room to grow. Everyone is excited about $1 billion threshold, but that’s just the beginning. So we’re very excited about all the segmentation just like the Venetian, it's got room, Dragon Master, Premium Mass, Pure Mass, Junket Play. So SCC has a wonderfully bright future, lots of growth there.
Robert G. Goldstein: Well obviously results have been excellent -- if our table game optimization in Macao, we’re really pleased with that. We dropped our rolling tables from 125 in Q2 of ’13 to about 402 currently. Yet we’ve increased our role, so we’re maximizing the role on the VIP side. We are very pleased about that. We are getting more utilization of the game, so obviously it's great. But the real story, as you know, resides in the mass side and I think the real story there is we've got about 1,100 tables. As you noted, we've exceeded our – our stated goal is 12,000 per day. The question now is how much far can we get and I think the real answer is right in the thoughts that we have about 9,000 keys on Cotai in addition to the infrastructural improvements in addition to the fact that our focus on that business is both and all throughout the mass portfolio. Not just the premium mass, the super premium on the pure mass, mass, I think there is where our advantage is well placed. No one else can compete on the pure mass side, so about 300 games right now. We're doing about 8,000 to 9,000 a day. As we grow that segment for all the premium mass and Dragon mass from 5 and 6, I don't know if we get to 13,000, 14,000, 15,000, 16,000, I believe we can. People were skeptical. We said we can grow from – we doubled Sands Cotai from 6 to 13. Venetian is a juggernaut, probably the most successful that's in the world today, 500 plus mass table games in excess of 12,000. Can we ramp the entire portfolio 14,000, 15,000, I believe we will. I can't say a timeframe, I can't say it is next two quarters, I can't say it's '14 or '15 but there's no reason to believe as we penetrate beyond Guangdong, as sleeping has become the biggest driver of gaming, we have that unique advantage with all those sleeping rooms. And as the infrastructure improvements, the cultural propensity to gamble, it all works in our favor. Our team there – Chris and I were there last week, the focus is completely on this segment and all three tiers of segments. So we're in the belief we can grow it. I don't want to put a timetable to mind. We brought 12,000. It was a pretty aggressive goal. It turns out we passed that. Next stop 13,000, 14,000, 15,000. Couldn't be more pleased with our progress, couldn't be more pleased with our ability to grow our Rolling win as well as our mass and we also believe there's one more hidden advantage, that is our real estate in both SCC and Venetian enables us to put more ETGs on the floor to talk to that table customer. We can't say the limits we're posting now. So we're in a very, very favored position. We feel very confident there's big growth ahead for us.
Robert G. Goldstein: I do. I believe Venation is an extraordinary positive for us in Cotai. It affords more sleeping opportunities, more visitations. It's a one-off development for all Cotai. But again with our 1,500 gaming tables we're more advantaged. So all casinos are not equal. Those with more retail, more sleeping rooms, more gaming positions are more equal and we are more equal at Venation and SCC. So as the market brings more customers that benefits us dramatically. So I think it's widely positive for us, yes.
Robert G. Goldstein: Well, the junket structure, Steve, is not on the table. Let's be clear about that. We've not had conversations. We wait and listen to the government's advices and frankly that's not in discussion at all. So we breakout the Rolling versus non-Rolling, let's be real clear, we are really pleased where our non-Rolling business is going. We ramped to 4.6 again, came back in that dramatic low [ph] about six quarters ago. Couldn't be more pleased with what our team has done over there just developing the Jakarta based, Malaysian based, Japan based customer. We're seeing a real growth there on the premium side both slot and table. We're not seeing as much pure mass play. That play is disappearing frankly both Singapore and both us and RWS saw that low as a result of the government's approach. Going back to the premium side, look, we're very disappointed we can't seem to "play lucky" for the last year and half or so. We have total confidence with the best people on the ground looking at it and we will return to a 2.7, 3.0 range. However, I must caution you I don't believe there is going to be significant loan growth in Singapore in the foreseeable future. It's going to remain a pretty much flat market in my opinion. It's Mainland Chinese driven. We were maintaining our 60 billion or so year roll. We want to hope we get our (indiscernible) back to a good place. We want to focus on margins to grow a better yield, but really the growth is going to be in non-Rolling segments for us. The new opportunity to make money in Singapore resides in the non-Singaporean based premium, custom both slot and table.
Robert G. Goldstein: Yes, I must say Carlo, to be honest with you any time you start to run for the $2 billion run rate, I'll take a lesser margin. We're now ramping that place. It's headed for 500 million a quarter, so we delivered it. We're really pleased with the numbers and I think to your point, the mass table is only the driver there. I'll say that the mix of business to Venetian both premium – we were mixing premium direct as well as VIP piece and the mix sometimes ends up affecting margins as the commission is paid. As you know, we had a structure there. It is both win based and volume based. So it's purely in the mix. There's nothing I'll sync [ph] with it. We made a lot of money in both the junket side this quarter as well as VIP premium direct. We feel very comfortable we're heading there, but again we can't – at the Venetian you can't argue those results. It might be the first property in history to post $2 billion of EBITDA. So the mix made from quarter-to-quarter vastly and may affect our margins vis-à-vis the growing segment. But I think in the idea that the margin at Venetian was up 37%, 38%, I feel pretty good about that.
Robert G. Goldstein: Okay. No, I think we believe we're going to trade in the 45%, 46% margin across the portfolio on the non-Rolling segment. Clearly we have this ridiculous advantage of having lots of pure mass games run as much as 50 point margin on them but the blend will be in the mid 40s, probably higher than most. To your point we'll trade lower through the mass but still are seeing that reside in the 41%, 42%, 43%. The beauty of our portfolio is we're not super premium mass or premium mass dependent. We have lots of pure mass and that's where the margin will keep kicking up. So I believe we can grow our yield to hopefully, as a reference earlier to Felicia $14,000, $15,000, $16,000 a day blended and maintain a 44%, 45%, 46%. The Venetian story I think what's happened there, what has happened so favorably is we always have the mass business there. We started to develop with our premium mass and that's where I think it goes to it in the Venetian specifically. As we drive home that premium mass customer, use our (indiscernible), our room product, again I believe the Venetian is going to hit a $500 million quarter one of these days because the blend of that business, that's the only property in Macau based on all cylinders, all three portions of the mass segment, the junkets, the retail, it's a traffic machine, as Sheldon referenced, and it's got all the cylinders working. That is a juggernaut. And there is no reason in my mind that can't be a $2 billion store on a run rate sometime this year or next. But I'm very confident in maintain margin and keep growing our yield per table.
Robert G. Goldstein: I spent hours last week in Singapore. We hired a number of experts to look at our mix of business and they, we pay people a lot of money to tell us what we already believe and that is structurally it's sound and it should be in the range of 2.7 to 3. I’m as frustrated than anybody, as a manager who is paid to create EBITDA, I found it very frustrating. I sat for four hour lecture from three very smart people. What they told me is you’re going to hold 2.7 to 3 and the only thing I can tell you Carlo, and I will tell you this. One, highly concentrated, the one mistake we made in Singapore is we should have built it inside of Mainland China with the border like L. But you don’t have as much pure volume as you have Macau. Two, you got people bet USD 1 million at hand, that’s creates volatility that is frustrating but valid. There, pairs and tie betting what you know drives the margin or Baccarat business. Some of our better customers don’t bet pairs and ties, we wish they would. But they are betting it less and that’s a wise gambling choice and so that’s impacting it somewhat. Having said that any aggregate, three very smart experts along with Andrew McDonald sat there and lectured me and I listened very carefully and I walked away saying, trust me, we should be holding 2.7 to 3, be patient and keep taking all the action. And that’s all I can tell you. There’s nothing structurally wrong. We have to keep our head down, keep bringing the business, be margin focused and watch the return go better today. We saw this year’s ago. When I was young we used to watch Caesar’s Place go through this. Here’s a very, very volatile highly concentrated very high bet. We got over a 100 guys who bet huge amounts of money each quarter. One of these days we’ll give you guys a 4% quarter and all this will go away. Unfortunately this is not that quarter. So bear with us and watch Singapore perform.
Robert G. Goldstein: Yeah, surprisingly I am not. It's a great question. It's a very valid one. I asked that of adding the team all the time and in fact they were not seeing it. The market is so fluffy and so rich that everyone is participating. I’m fearful about the margin erosion, but thus far we haven't seen that. The customer still seems more focused on the environment. We played some wonderful environments to gambling, obviously service, obviously room product. I was at the Four Seasons last week watching rooms full of these guys betting huge amounts of money, and I was mesmerized by the amount of people there the whole week betting huge amounts of money, having fun. I don’t see it. So fortunately the markets remain rational. There is so much good business in Macau it's such a staggering market that it’s very appealing to any operator. So far, I have seen non this cleanest I have seen in other markets in the last 35 years. So the answer respectfully is no. We're seeing lots more business and maintaining margins.
Robert G. Goldstein: That Cameron, that’s the biggest objection now from big groups and big conventions in terms of having to fly into Hong Kong and take a boat. When that objection gets removed with our MICE capability in the Cotai Central as well as at the Venetian, we stand in the major position to benefit from that MICE activity which is mid-week business which is the opportunity area a significant improvement continually.
Robert G. Goldstein: I think those factors, coupled with the fact that -- you’re right, it’s a light quarter compared to the 18.2 in the first quarter last year or even the 14.4 we did Q2 of this year. I guess my answer is Robin, its super concentrated and two more guys, three more guys, four more guys show up, it's a billion dollars of role. I wouldn’t take too much stock and the fact it's a light quarter, yes you’re right. But we can easily do 70 million, 80 million which puts right back a normalized run rate of 60 million. I think 50 a quarter blended for the year is a realistic estimate. (Indiscernible) off by here and there, a quarter it was up to 18 and down to 12, yes I could. But I think in the end of the day it's -- if you want to be super conservative, drop it to 55, 60 blended for the year, I think you’re very safe. I’m more focused on the margins and the whole percentage right now because I don’t think a significant growth beyond that right now. But to your point it was a weak quarter and there’s no denying that, but we had 18.2 quarter a year-ago and I wouldn’t be surprised to see the first quarter pop that number again. It doesn’t take a lot. We’ve got some special events coming on the horizon. David Beckham shows up, it makes a difference. So I’m not that concerned that we can pop the numbers in Singapore. I’m more concerned we can hang on to the money and we can maintain a margin to drive our EBITDA back to 1.6, 1.7 run rate.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: So, we are commencing the process for – approaching final approval from Macau SAR. So if and when we decided that it was time to monetize them, all we have to do is pull the trigger.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Your last statement is right on the mark. You hit the nail right on the head. The market is growing. As we talked about earlier, the infrastructure improvements in Southern China are so overwhelming. In 2016, there is going to be a second airport in Macau, and there actually won't be a second airport in Macau, but it will be shorter to get to Macau from the Hong Kong International Airport servicing 180 cities with 100 scheduled carriers. It will be shorter to get to Macau in 20 minutes from there than it will be to drive to Hong Kong Island for 45 minutes. So, the infrastructure and the demand, Jon you know as well as anybody and you're probably one of the most with all the other analysts on the phone the foremost analysts and knowledgeable in this field. You know that this is a supply driven industry. Let's not forget that. The more properties go up, the faster we grow. I – my vision when I looked at the bay and the swamp that is today Cotai, I said that what we'll work here is critical mass, and I don't care I said at the time whether the critical mass is ours which I much prefer or the critical mass comes from ours and others. That critical mass is going to make the Cotai Strip Asia's Las Vegas. And the rising tide carries all boats. When the Venetian alone is getting almost 10% more visitation than the number of unique visitors that arrive in Macau, I don't understand how other people can compete with us. When we get 2.5 visitations from each individual unique visitor to Macau, I don't see how anybody can compete with us. Between now and the time it is open, there will be three properties open in 2015; Galaxy, Macau Studio City, and the Parisian. We may open before at least one of them. I'm happy to say that we are very pleased with our budget and our schedule. I can't give you the details because things can change. But right now I'm quite happy with the progress. So, we have the largest footprint meaning we have more square footage of casino space than any of the other competitors, maybe more than one – more than one or two which we have. Secondly, we have more gaming tables than everybody else because we ended up building more non-gaming, and therefore the attraction to bring in more people. So we ended up with more tables. When they put the cap on, we were leading the table count. Number three, as I repeated in my prepared remarks, we are the leader in the mass market and we are growing. You see the growth from 9,000 to 12,000 – just over 12,000 in just 12 months. We're the leader in the mass market and although (indiscernible) is doing quite well in the premium mass, we are rapidly catching up and we hope to and expect to surpass them. And we have 9,000 rooms. We're building about 700 more plus 3,000 and we're in the process of putting through the implementation of the permission that we have to sell the Four Seasons apartments on a co-op basis. That will put another 300 units. We had the foresight and the vision to build because the whole vision for Cotai was ours, mine. We had the foresight and the courage to build the number of rooms and the amenities that we did without getting paid for that.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Well, that outside number is thinking about the possibility of getting some money and doing something with it. Right now we don’t have any demand for large amounts of money. So the billions of dollars of EBITDA are throwing up billions of dollars of free cash flow with nothing to do with it. And when I joke around and say Yay dividends, I think that’s what I and every other shareholder wants to hear, Yay dividends, Yay stock buyback. What are we doing with the money? We’re in a position that I -- I’m basically a debt averse person. And I never wanted, I had bad experiences when I was a kid, well I’m still a kid, but I’m a little older on the calendar. But I don’t want to be in a position where I owe money. I had to take billion dollars out of my pocket in ’08 and ’09 because we owed money. So I don’t want to be put in a position that I’m just going to speculate and all money with no immediate liquidatable obligations or if anything – if we have money to borrow to do something with. If we can’t do with development, if we got an okay to go into Japan for instance tomorrow morning, we’re not going to need billions in money until two or three years from now. So we got plenty of time to build up the money and I’ve concluded that each and every integrated resort will have its own standalone financing and it's not going to refinance with equity from our other income producing properties. We went through that with our previous management. We are not going to go through that again. So we are not at 3.5, we’re far from it. And other -- I’m not even sure we want to get up to 3.5, but we want to be honest and clear with you and tell you there is a possibility we could go there. But for those of you who know me personally, you know I’m debt averse and that I’m not going to take any money that I can't quickly repay. I’ve had enough lessons in my life, about making sure that I have enough cash flow to take care of my obligations.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I just came back a few days ago from Japan, same people there. So I will let him answer that question.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: We went through this fervor for partners during the Macao, the Singapore tendering period and everybody fought whenever they can to line up the best of partners they thought could be made available. Now the partners will say they like to be partners, they think all I have to do is put up some money with you and their partner. They don’t understand how this industry is regulating. When they have to set put up a stack of application papers with personal histories of every member, their Board of Directors, of everyone of their subsidiaries. I think their appetite to be partners, that is to satisfy the other jurisdictions in which companies like ours are licensed. They may have to prove that they’re worthy in Singapore and in Nevada and when they look at the papers they’re going to have to file, I think they’re going to do an about face and march in the other direction.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Our 2014 convention business is in very good shape, actually for Vegas. The convention business is really the best market we have at the moment. Rates are moving up a little bit in the convention area which is good. So I think you can expect a good convention here, probably one of the best here in Vegas.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: That’s a very interesting question. There were two indicators that provide a predictable prognostication. It's tough to prognosticate, particularly about the future. The first one is, we run from 1.3 night’s average stay to 2.1 in less than a year. What does that mean? The second item, what it means is the second item which is that people who’re traveling from further away and we have an upside potential of that when the Hong Kong-Macau-Zhuhai Bridge opens in 2016 and that we see now more and more people that are coming from further away and when they do, they bring more money and a higher gaming budget. So it's evident by the 2.1 night’s average stay and the infrastructure is bearing fruit that people are coming for a longer stay and when they do that they bring more money and when you do that you increase the premium as on a predictable basis. You’ve hear Rob mention that we’re a Dragon Master. The Dragon Master is what somebody had a nightmare and called, he called the space that we’re building in Lot 5 a premium mass space.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Would you go for a (indiscernible). So those are the indications. The expansion of the infrastructure to bring people from further away and the promise of more of that. Do you know when you open that bridge, 180 cities will be serviced by the airport that’s only 20 minutes from you, serviced by over a 100 airlines. So, as people -- somebody before asked the question about, is it going to be too crowded when everybody opens up. As I said, I think it was [Jon Oh] [ph]. We’re in a supply driven industry. And we could see by the indications that the future looks much by that and it's predictable and reliable than it is today.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: And if that airport essentially is right in the middle between Hong Kong and Macau, then it will substantially increase the viability of the convention and exhibition market.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Robin it's something closer to convertibility on the Yuan and inflation. They’re both going to continue to an increasing gross role.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: No, we -- you’re going to (indiscernible). No, we’ve gotten there okay from the government of Macao to proceed with the St. Regis Tower. We have gotten okay to monetize the -- through the co-op basis for the four seasons. However, they have not have any experience with the legal infrastructure and we’re sending in to the counsel of the community, the general counsel of Macao, we’re sending in knowledge and experience from the major co-op market in the world, that’s New York City. We are having the law firms acquaint them with the structure. So their lack of familiarity with the structure is holding back their okays for little things. But we expect in the near future that should resolve itself. And they knew that I wasn’t going to build the St. Regis until I got the okay for the four seasons and now we’re building the St. Regis and we will have it ready before the end of ’15 at or about the time we’re going to have the Parisian open. And again, we’re just adding to our -- to the most precious commodity there and that is the room supply.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: No. There is no reason to buy or not buy actually. I mean at this point of time, it wouldn’t look to us that there would be anything and you don’t know -- you really don’t know and for anybody in your end or ours to make a speculation. The only thing we know is that more emphasis is going to be put on integrated resort type facilities with more non-gaming facilities for operators. You’re seeing some of the guys talk about that in the new buildings as we build. And that’s the one, that the government continues to talk about putting more emphasis on Macao for that kind of situation. That’s the only really factual situation we know.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: There has been conversations about direct investment you see that Pansy Ho and some of Galaxy working in that area. We’ve had some conversations about leasing some space for office space things of that kind, but no direct financial, no direct conversation about anything where there was actually a financial investment other than that.
Michael Alan Leven: Thanks, Sheldon. Shaun, its Mike. I just came back from Japan. I was there a week or so ago. The process in Japan which has been made public is that of course the first legislation passed. The second legislation should be passed in June, which forms the committee to set up the regulations and the locations as well as the information for bidding for whatever size is selected. Today in Japan, everybody that we spoken to believes that second piece of legislation is going to pass and we’re preparing -- we’re ramping up people there, we’re opening an office there, we’re doing all the work in order to do that. To talk about partnerships was in most of the conversations in Japan, the level of partnerships was not. There is interest from some major Japanese conglomerates, major Japanese companies to participate, but until we -- they really know the licensing situations and the investment realities; we don’t know for sure whether that will take place. We have made comments to [technical difficulty] talking to that we’re not a closed door on some of those partnerships and we’ve been advised by certain members in the Japanese community to keep the door open and keep the mind open in that situation. So we don’t know exactly what’s going to happen, but it's likely that there could be partnerships involved.
Michael Alan Leven: Another thing I want to add Shaun in that situation, in the meetings in Japan we’re in a very favorite position, essentially about 22% of our non-gaming business in Singapore Marina Bay Sands has Japanese components to it, the visitors or meetings or conventions. We are very well known there and Marina Bay Sands is often talked as the model for what the integrated resort facility in Tokyo or Osaka would be like. So we’re in a very leadership position as far as having the opportunity.
Michael Alan Leven: Hey Harry, its Mike. I will answer for the -- since you didn’t ask me. The answer is simply secretary [Tam] [ph] made that statement about six or seven months ago about 2015. We had no further information whatsoever as to whether it will start, whether -- where it will go or what have you. And you hear rumors all the time, but basically there is absolutely no factual information coming out of the secretary or anybody else at this point.
