Robert G. Goldstein: You're correct. And we also expect – I mean, the way we look at this building, Stephen, is it's a well-executed thematic building. Locational advantage will create opportunities to grow in all segments, but especially from our perspective the mass segment, the gaming side as well as the retail segment. The SCC has performed very well in the premium mass segment because of the 6,000 sleeping rooms, but we think underperforms the base mass segment where the highest margins reside, and its location is particularly advantaged to being between the new MGM building and the Wynn building across from The Venetian; 6,000 sleeping rooms, great location. It's always been somewhat ambiguous from my perspective as far as the non-themed approach. We think it coincides nicely with our Parisian success and of course the landmark building, The Venetian. Think about a building that right now runs about half of the rents that The Venetian is running in the retail. We think we can bring those rents up to a Venetian type level. We believe we can grow base gaming. There's adequate capacity in that building for more gaming on the base mass side, obviously, the highest margin business in Macao and that's our particular advantage at both The Venetian and The Parisian. So, we're highly confident that this renovation can take us to a whole new level at Sands Cotai Central and it's something we're very excited about. We spend a lot of time researching, thinking about it. It's been in the works for quite a while, and it's time to go into action. So, as Sheldon referenced, sometime late 2019, it should be open and ready for business and start performing.
Robert G. Goldstein: Correct. There will be disruption. We can't deny that. That's a fact of life in any building this large, and it's an ambitious renovation. It won't speak to – it's more about the casino, the façade, and some of the sleeping rooms, but the majority of the sleeping rooms remain intact. We are very pleased with most in the St. Regis building, we'll take the new St. Regis suites and redo those, and we'll leave alone the Conrad and the Sheraton. We're going to redo the entire Holiday Inn facility and redo the façade of the building. And there'll be some unexpected surprises as part of the renovation.
Robert G. Goldstein: Right. Well, first, we're very pleased The Parisian has proven to be wildly successful. This quarter, I think, validates our approach there, the themed approach. The façade is exemplary. It attracts 40,000 people a day into the building. And all segments seem to be attracted to this building. Our new suite product comes onboard starting with Chinese New Year's. So we'll keep growing that segment. The high roll, I guess, is a concentration of demand-driven, large volumes of business, and it shows the acceptance of this product by the market. Is it sustainable? We never comment what's going to happen tomorrow in terms of any one segment. We've seen how that works in the past. We will say the building is getting great response from all segments; mass, premium mass, base mass and obviously rolling. And we're delighted with the results and it's a very strong quarter. And we hope it continues.
Robert G. Goldstein: Sure. First of all, I think, it's – the numbers speak for themselves. It's another exemplary quarter and another $1.6billion plus year it appears. I think our focus on the cost side has been very helpful in the commissions. We're very – I think, we've got a good approach there. The building is proving to be very, very resilient in terms as we keep dropping commissions, customers keep coming. And we'll keep doing that until they stop coming, so that's one positive. The other positive you see, the rolling volumes which are significant, and -but I would caution you again as we said in The Parisian call and we said in the past. These are concentrated segments and it does represent 10,000 customers or smaller than that. So I think in the end the only disappointing part about the MBS is the lack of growth in the non-rolling slot ETG segment kind of flattened out four or five a day. But I think it speaks to our team over there running this exemplary building that we've driven this kind of a EBITDA, out of a market that's not really growing that much. And frankly the hotel does well for $454, $446 ADR and 90%-plus occupancy strong and sustainable retail. But again, all cylinders are working there. The one which we had is the four or five a day. The one really big positive is larger rolling volumes and great commission structure against that rolling segment producing greater margin. So margin has crept up into the 30%s, and I think it speaks to what we've done over there to maximize that asset. So, that's my take on MBS.
Robert G. Goldstein: I think, it comes from people in the region. I wouldn't necessarily characterize as Chinese driven. It's – we have a strong permanent resident base there with a strong base out of the surrounding countries. We do well in Indonesia. We do well in Malaysia. We do well out of Japan there, so it's a mix of business. I wouldn't identify China as the primary driver. In fact, if anything, we're seeing, it's stable in China but not necessarily growing significantly.
Robert G. Goldstein: Thank you. Yeah. Correction, we did mid-30%s for the rolling segment, 54% or 55%in the whole building. So remember, that's a long way for it used to be, so I think again, our concentration on costs and commissions have paid off.
Robert G. Goldstein: Sure. On the hotel side, we're not going to discuss which brands. At this point, the goal is to keep all the brands in play at SCC. There may be some changes and some rethinking how we do that, but the intention – we're very happy with the quality of brands we have there. There is a strong intention to re-façade the building. So when you drive by, we actually are going to Macau this evening, you drive by The Parisian, as you arrive there, it's always the most – it's visually stunning and same thing with The Venetian. It's very, very attractive to the eye and makes you want to go inside the building. We want to achieve that more at The Londoner, something with all the iconic architectural look and feel of Big Ben, et cetera, Parliament Building something which you would see visually from the street and feel very much willing to come in and explore in the building. Secondly – so it's both going to be a architectural treatment and a re-façade of some of the towers. Once you're in the building, again, very much a London-feel, London-style approach all kinds of opportunities to (32:39) to theme it. If you think about London, it's iconic in so many ways, the busses to the Beefeaters, and there's just so many opportunities there. Our team is having great fun playing with that, inside we think the casino experience to be much more iconic, much more thematic. As I said, the hotel was mostly remain untouched. We were happy with our, with our partners, they're happy, we're seeing there, and there may be some rethinking to the decor pieces. But for the most part it remains untouched and the goal is to be both in both sides of the street both facing the Cotai Strip and to the rear as well towards MGM and Wynn. So we want to make this place, a place where base mass gravitate to. We want to elevate our rents to look like more like The Venetian. We want to make a very themed retail experience. Our retail wizard, David Sylvester has made clear to us he thinks we can do a lot better in that building. We agree with him. So, it's meant to be both a base mass, a retail experience, but I also believe an energized exciting building will drive all kinds of other demand in the rolling segment and the premium mass segment as evidenced by what you saw this time at The Parisian this quarter. This Parisian building is attracting all kinds of people, I don't think any new building in Macao has done the kind of volumes and the kind of activity we're seeing in all segments from base mass, slot machines, rolling segment, across the board, Parisian is just showing some real strength and growing. And our new suite product comes on board. We want that kind of enthusiasm, that kind of visual experience from our Londoner, there will be disruption. We're not prepared to go into how much detail yet, because we're working through those issues with our architectural team, our design team. And there will be disruption, you can't re-theme the building, spend a lot of money without having some disruption. But I think the payoff pitch on this will be extraordinary for this company and real growth in a market we're very comfortable with. And we lead the market in every way in terms of EBITDA, in terms of what we've done there at division in Cotai. This is just another step forward in our Cotai plan. So, we're very enthused about it. We represent to you that we think it's going to be very, very impactful a few years down the road. There will be some disruption and we'll report back to you as we get further down the path in the renovation of the SCC into The Londoner.
Robert G. Goldstein: Yeah, Joe. Obviously, it's hard; we're not going to speak to October at all as its fourth quarter. But I think there's more competition, there's more people in that space, I think Galaxy has done a very good job. Look, everybody wants a piece of that business and they should. It's the highest margin, it's the most profitable part of our portfolio and something we – we want to be dominant in all segments, from base mass, premium mass, rolling, across the board. But as Patrick referenced in our rating situation, and as we see for the competition, there's some very good products out there which we're competing against. So we used to be alone in Cotai, we used to have the 100% share of that. That's changed. And I think that's going to continue to be an evolving process. Part of the reason we are so excited about The Londoner, is we can recover more of that business with The Londoner we haven't had. The Venetian has been our base mass product that's been all along the most important, the most successful part of our portfolio. We see very little of it at the Four Seasons Plaza, we saw a lot more of it come back to The Parisian and The Parisian taught us a lesson that we go back to the drawing board and say we want to be in all segments to be successful. So that's part of our planned strategy for The Londoner on a go-forward basis. Our goal is to be successful, dominant in all of the major segments including base mass, premium mass, rolling segment, all important to us. So a lot of competition, a lot more people competing for that customer, that segment's dollar.
Robert G. Goldstein: And just to just to add to that, our mass drop, Joe, is up 19% year-on-year, our hotel room nights are up 24%. I think the key component as we see more visitations and (40:31), obviously, sleeping accommodations, we have all those keys in Macao and clearly that's driving that base mass into our buildings and will continue to.
Robert G. Goldstein: We hope so. You're right, absolutely. We fell 3% year-on-year in terms of that. The nice part of the story is that we had 500 keys off the market, premium mass keys, which are coming back on the market. The second nice thing is we actually grew the volume. We had material growth in – over double-digit growth in the mass segment coming out of that segment, which was very positive for us. It's unfortunate. If you actually applied the 2016 hold percentages to 2017 volumes, we would have had one hell of a quarter. But it doesn't work that way. So, you're absolutely right. We had a nice volume. The Venetian had nice growth. Consider the fact it had all those rooms off the market, it just had a stellar quarter, just unfortunately didn't hold like it did the year before. Still within the range, but 3 percentage points off on an awful lot of play. Can it return? You hope so. Historically, The Venetian has been a very strong hold percentage building. Can we predict 25%, 26% sustainable? We cannot. Can we hope it returns where it's been historically? We can. 22% is in the range, 25% is better. What's really good though is the volumes of Venetian continue to grow in that segment and I think that's a great sign for the future. We would spend some money in The Venetian rooms which we needed to. We're looking at some casino renovations. We're doing all the junket rooms (43:02) with our partners. Our partners are working with us on the design. And we're going to spend some time this next couple of days with them. We're very keen to see The Venetian get back to a higher run rate because it's just a great place to visit and, again, has that wonderful curbside appeal we want to emulate across the street at The Londoner.
Robert G. Goldstein: Yeah. So, on The Parisian rooms, the renovation into the premium suite, it begins to come online Q2, actually, during Chinese New Year. I should say Q1. We'll see some of the suites come back. It continues throughout the entire year. It doesn't finish until the end of 2018. 600 keys becoming 300 suites. At The Venetian, it's the early 2018, so sometime around Q1 and that's 1,000 upgraded rooms, stellar rooms by the way that will compete very well with any product, very large Venetian-style suites, completely renovated bathrooms, all FF&E. And I think it puts The Venetian back in a very, very strong position for that premium mass customer.
Robert G. Goldstein: Robin, also we've referenced these – the Four Seasons apartments. I mean, these things will be almost 290 residential field type apartments that can be deployed for The Parisian premium mass, for the Four Seasons premium mass or for the Venetian. So, I think, they would be very impactful for that customer who plays large, wants a family stay, wants to bring his children, et cetera. I think that building is very well situated. It's been dormant, it's going to be reactivated, and I think, it would be very powerful as far as an EBITDA generators down the road. It's expensive, but it's well worth the investment. So, along with the St. Regis, The Londoner, it's a big part of our CapEx plan for 2018 and 2019.
Robert G. Goldstein: Yeah. I think – well, you're absolutely right. Our portfolio is strong across all segments. Our Q3 premium mass grew 18% year-on-year and that's five consecutive quarters of year-on-year growth. Our premium mass drop increased 30% year-on-year and is impacted again by lower than average hold. Our rolling segment at 48%, it was extraordinary year-on-year. But as you know, the margin is partially dictated by the segment mix and each segment's contribution from the mix. In this quarter, we experienced strong rolling volume, up 48% year-on-year for the portfolio. However, the flow-through in this segment as you know is much less than base mass or premium mass. While we're very pleased with rolling volumes, but profitability will always reside for us in the mass, premium mass and we have to have the highest margins in Macao as a result. But again, the third quarter while it was a victory in terms of lots of growth and lots of volume, we didn't translate well into the hold percentage and again the mix situation hurt us there. Of course, year-on-year also, we had the cost issue in Q3 of 2016 which is always confusing and somewhat ambiguous. So, I think long story short, we're over that now. We're moving into Q4. We hope we can continue to experience these high growth in all these segments. We'll hold better in the hold percentage portion of our business, and it will translate to again higher margins. But I would emphasize that our margins continue to be the highest in Macao. Our Parisian property exemplary quarter. The only disappointing part, my perspective is, we could have held a bit better and the mix certainly impacted our overall margin.
Robert G. Goldstein: We'd like to believe there is as revenues continue to grow. We've taken over $310 million of run rate cost out of the business basically in effect last year as we talked about on prior calls, we're very confident to be able to manage cost in the business. But really what we need now is revenue growth. If you want to see margin expansion in Macao, we need to grow revenue. Fortunately the market is growing. And fortunately we believe we have the best asset portfolio there to take advantage of the most valuable segments that are continuing to grow the fastest. So we're very confident in our ability to expand margins over time, but we need revenue growth in order to do so.
Robert G. Goldstein: Into the RevPAR, no. Nothing to it. I think that we're comfortable with our numbers, we're disappointed with some of our gaming numbers, want to see some more growth there, but we're very happy with the lodging numbers, the RevPAR holding up well. Vegas holding up well, it's morphed into a lodging market primarily. And we feel very good about where we're at in the market. So, no more color than that.
Sheldon G. Adelson: Only some of the rooms that are going to be renovated and the rooms that are completed will be put to immediate use.
Sheldon G. Adelson: I want to point out that you originally said that we were the only ones we had all of it. Now, others have come in to take it, but I think it's significant to point out that the entire market has grown.
Sheldon G. Adelson: If I were – This is Sheldon. If I were to give you an answer on that, I'd be reading it from a crystal ball. Well, no...
Sheldon G. Adelson: That's where I get my ideas from. It's – there are a lot of people speculating about it, and I read this morning that he's got a super majority. Nobody said he had – he's got a super majority with the Komeito Party. So he could do whatever he wants, as long as he got the Komeito Party to go along with it. The press said that is – there are two things. One is to set up his defense forces again. They were prohibited since World War II, and the other thing is to watch his economic program including the IRS (53:22) with casinos implemented. So you know it's tough, it's tough to read a crystal ball as to what's going to happen there. But different people are saying different things. They say that by November 1, they could open which is in a few days. He did open an extra session of the Diet and not the regular session. So people were speculating and saying that he could pass the Gambling Act and then the Integrated Resorts Act still within this year. So there's – nobody knows for sure. We don't know for sure. We're hoping, we've been optimistic for many years about that. Now it looks better than ever that we'll get the implementation bill, and – but who knows when.
Patrick Dumont: I think the way that we think about returns is that these are existing assets. So, it will be quicker to market. And they happen to be addressing our fastest growing segment, which is the premium mass segment. If you go to page 16 in the earnings deck that we provide, you'll see that that segment grew 17.7% year-over-year. So, we feel very confident in the long-term growth of premium mass. It's a very high value customer segment. We have a very deep database in this area. And we feel that these two buildings, once they become activated will speak directly to that segment in a very powerful way given the non-gaming amenities we have available adjacent to them and in those facilities. So, we think the returns will be very good.
Patrick Dumont: – made on the margin piece, he was talking about the VIP margins specifically being into the 30%s which is fantastic for the property overall, but we're effectively in the mid-50%s at this point.
Patrick Dumont: Yeah. The numbers that we show in our CapEx slide are inclusive. So, that's to complete the project and that's our anticipated timing of spend.
Patrick Dumont: I think it's a combination of factors. Part of it has to do with rating of players and the fact that we have more rated play on the base mass floor than we've ever done before which is helpful, because it allows us to know our customers better and set them up for repeat visits. The problem is it's just not as profitable. So, as the market matures, as we get to know our customer base better in the base mass segment, we're going to have some margin change as they become rated. That's really the driver there. But it just means that as the volumes go through, as the market becomes more competitive, remember there are more people addressing the base mass segment in the Macao market today, we're going to do things to retain our customers and develop them and there's going to be some margin reinvestment required for that.
Patrick Dumont: And to add some historical color, you have to go back five or six years, you'll see a time when we had a 50% margin in base mass. Since the downturn in Macao, we've been pretty much right at 40%, close to 40%. Margins are steady in the base mass business right now, so we're right at the midpoint of that range today. And you know, they got a chance to go up over time as business matures.
Patrick Dumont: Joe, the other thing we want to point out is, if you look at page 13 in the deck as well, you've got Mainland Chinese overnight visit which is a super important statistic. That's up over 15% when you look at the third quarter. So that's 3.23 million Chinese visitors, that's a record. And the other two data points we provide on page 13 are the average length of stay, which is going up because of the hotel inventory, as well as the mass win for customers. So, that's also going up. And this is a seasonal business too. And if you look at the mass win per customer on page 15, we've got an illustration for the last five years here. The second quarter to the third quarter, this is the least amount of degradation we've seen in the win per customer between the second and third quarters here as well. So, you've got a very nice premium mass business, more visitation, we don't have the bridge open yet. There's a lot of things to think to the future that give us a lot of confidence that the mass business is going to continue to grow at double-digit rates higher than the rates we're seeing today.
Patrick Dumont: So, if you turn to page 22 on our earnings deck, you can actually see the split between what we consider maintenance capital and the investments in the projects that the Chairman described earlier regarding The Londoner at the St. Regis, completion of the tower suites and the completion of the Four Seasons tower suites. That's all there on page 22. So, actually, maintenance CapEx, we've been running in the $400 million context. We've always tried to show that it will be about $500 million. As you know, we like to reinvest in our buildings to make sure they're leading in terms of their design, in terms of their amenities, in terms of their offerings to our customers, in terms of their finish. And we're going to continue doing that to ensure that we can market to the best most profitable customers. That being said these projects do address the premium mass segment which is one that is a larger suite product. It's not our standard room, so these will be very impressive product, great renovation. So, in the – what was mentioned in the script, if you look on page 22, you can actually see the amount being spent for each of the renovation. So, the split between maintenance CapEx for the entire property portfolio in Macao, as well as each of the individual projects described is actually there.
Patrick Dumont: Robin, the whole – everything that Rob has been describing about re-envisioning and Sheldon have been describing about re-envisioning, that's about $700 million of budget right now. The St. Regis Park Hotel is about $275 million of budget, and the Four Seasons is about $250 million of budget. The $275 million and the $250 million are a lot less than they would be if we're building brand new towers because these towers have existed for an extended period of time, so the core and shell has been there for a long time. And so, this is a small investment for hopefully a big impact in opportunity.
Patrick Dumont: Well, when we present – Felicia, when we present our hold normalized, we're only normalizing for the VIP...
Patrick Dumont: -- rolling and we're not normalizing for the 300 bps of life hold at Venetian and in premium mass. So we don't actually normalize for that in the presentation that we're giving you.
