Daniel Briggs: Thank you. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, please let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the safe harbor provisions of federal securities laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release under the caption Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted net income and hold-normalized adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS and hold-normalized adjusted diluted EPS and adjusted property EBITDA and hold-normalized adjusted property EBITDA, all of which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. We also want to inform you that we have posted supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations website for your use. We may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. [Operator Instructions] With that, let me please introduce our Chairman, Sheldon Adelson. 
Daniel Briggs: And your mass business also, between the fourth quarter and the first quarter, had consistent margins just below 40%. 
Daniel Briggs: I think we're going to be opportunistic in the way that we repurchase shares in the future. I think we're looking to protect the dividend in such a way we view it as a permanent obligation. So it's something we want to be able to grow substantially in the future. You heard the Chairman earlier in the call saying that in his view we'll grow it at least 10% per annum for the next 3 years. So as a goal, we'd like to do more than that. I think we're accumulating cash and evaluating the market to make sure that we have the capital to do what we want to do. So I think we'll continue to use share repurchases as a way to return capital to shareholders in the future. This quarter, we chose not to. 
Robert Goldstein: George, it's Rob. I think, as you know, market changes in Macao have been sudden and dramatic. I mean, 6 months because this was a high-growth market, and now, obviously, it's down as much as 40%. And our business in Macao is not just the biggest in the market in terms of financial profit and number of employees but also the most complex and multidimensional. We are strong believers in the long-term outlook in Macao. We welcome some of the structural changes taking place that will help make it a more sustainable, healthier market over time. And we are going to stay invested in Macao for the long term, and therefore, make some adjustments to our business and there's a cost and efficiencies. We have to balance multiple constituencies, be fair to our employees, support to government of Macao and making Macao into a world-class destination, also satisfy the shareholders. Now we've invested so much in human resources and operating capability in many business lines, not just gaming but hotel, entertainment, retail, F&B, MICE. So we're trying not to have a quick short-term knee-jerk reaction and make a careful assessment of what's right for the business long term. So when you invest and develop all these non-gaming businesses on a large scale, you do incur more fixed costs than our competitors, and we believe this is the right thing to do in the long term. And that being said, we have to assume, for the time being, that we know we're covering gaming for the balance of this year and we have to make some tough decisions in the next 6 to 12 months to improve margins. That being said, there's nothing in particular for this quarter. We're somewhat hoping for a little more recovery in the top line. We continue to assess the opportunities on the cost side and to improve our business. We did, as you know -- we will single out on the junket situation. We don't -- we're the only people in town not doing phone betting, which did hurt us somewhat, I think, in the junket segment. Otherwise, it was business as usual, and we're trying to navigate our way towards a very different market than 6 months ago. 
Robert Goldstein: The quarter-on-quarter, George, just to clarify, had 2 big -- we have percentage rent, obviously, in the fourth quarter that was impactful [ph], about $40 million and [indiscernible] adjusts about $40 million. So Q-on-Q, we're down about 15%, 16% Q1 '15 to Q4 '14. 
Robert Goldstein: All right, Jon. So Jon, obviously, we -- the biggest number in Macao which no one can impact these taxes paid on gaming revenues off the table, clearly. Second thing will be direct incentives paid to customers. That's where there's opportunity, I think, across the market, to be more judicious not just in our stores but across the market. As you know, they're -- we're very protective of our Macanese labor force and very respectful of our employees. We've built a great employee base, and we don't want to hurt that. If people leave us on their own volition, that's one thing, but we're going to work very hard to ensure our employees are well taken care of and well cared for. So that's off the table. What's on the table is our other costs, not direct against the employee but perhaps other structural costs as well as costs in the marketing side. As you know, we've been the leaders, and we've run more entertainment, more boxing, more everything than everyone else combined in Macao, everyone. As Sheldon alluded to, it's very popular to talk about the non-gaming spend. Well, this company has spent more than anybody and more than everybody combined. So we're reexamining that and trying to figure out how do we put our best foot forward, maintain the importance of having headline entertainment, having boxing, having all these important events we've spearheaded and we've led in the Cotai Strip, our CotaiArena, and balance that with the margins you allude to. We're very keen to do 2 things: run our business intelligently for the short and long term. So we're reexamining every nickel and dime we spend, both on direct incentives to customers, marketing incentives to the market itself. CapEx is on the table. We've actually pulled back some of our expenses on things that we weren't -- were not critical to our growth. And so everything's on the table. We'd love to see a return to a better day in Macao on the top line, but we don't see that short term. And so short term, we're thinking about expense control. But as you know, probably the biggest controllable expense would be reinvest in the customer and reinvest in the general market in terms of the arena and the advertising spend, et cetera. We're running a very, very multifaceted, diverse business in Macao, much more so than other people. And so it's more complex to control this -- curtail and control the spending. Again, we don't -- we believe in long-term Macao very, very much. We don't want to do something foolish in the short term to make an extra point or 2. Our balance sheet is stellar. Our ability to run our business is stellar. Our confidence level in Macao is very high, and we believe we're resurrecting the top line. So while we'd like to report better numbers this quarter and next and beyond that. We have a long-term commitment to this market and a long-term belief that we'll resurrect. 
Robert Goldstein: Well, I'll tell you, Jon, we do believe there's a lot of demand -- pent-up demand that wants to come to Macao, once the external factors are decided by the government, that demand will resurrect. I'm a firm believer, being there last week and seeing the amount of people in The Venetian, the body count and visitation, there is pent-up demand. People want to gamble and come to Macao and shop and eat and sleep overnight. I just believe this market has demand. It has lots of demand. It just needs a few things to turn our way, to turn the faucet back on a bit. But that's beyond our control. And we support the government in their attitude, in their measures, and we'll wait respectfully for a better day. 
Robert Goldstein: Two things, Shaun. One is we are examining all our CapEx, non-Parisian, Parisian, just reconsider what makes sense in this environment, be it room renovations, what type of renovations, retail, restaurants. Everything is under consideration because we are trying to be more prudent and think about the market as it's changing. As far as The Parisian, we're still looking at that being late 2016, but it depends on labor and allocations. That could increase depending [indiscernible]. When we were there last week, we were under consideration for additional labor. And they could move up depending on the government's decision on labor allocation to us. I get the sense we may get a boost in terms of labor allocation. It hasn't been confirmed yet, but that would change. The date could move between late summer of '16 all the way to the Thanksgiving period in November of '16, depending on the government's decision on labor allocation. 
Robert Goldstein: We requested more labor, and we seemed to get a favorable response. Though [ph] no final determination has been made as of today. 
Robert Goldstein: A couple of thoughts on your comments. First of all, we agree that the occupancy has fallen a bit in Macao. And so when you think about Macao, we were the only people in that market selling cash rooms for the last couple of years. The rest of the market, basically comped off 90% because of the demand for casino guests who gave you a high enough return on that room. Now that's changed dramatically. The market's now selling rooms. A lot of people are selling rooms due to the junket, rate reduction, and obviously, the premium mass reduction. So -- whereas some companies were, including us, were comping aggressively to people with theoretical losses at 3x and 4x and 5x the price of the room, that's changed. So there's more competition for the cash dollar on the room side. Having said that, we still think structurally, our room advantage is huge. If we can get back in the 90s, which is our goal, we -- to your point about retail, we are trying to marry more of our retail advertising to the room customer. The thinking there is that we focused a lot on other parts of the resort, yet we find out that shopping ranks very, very high in the consumers' things they want to do when they reach Macao. We have, as Sheldon alluded to, hundreds and hundreds of stores of all price points, ranging from the lowest to the Chanels of the world. And so our range is huge. The shopping advantage, we think, under one roof with our food, our shopping, our gaming, and of course, our sleeping rooms, it's a unique opportunity to blend them all together and to promote -- get more occupancy. So one, the business has fallen in Macao because there's more people chasing the cash customer. We're not alone in that space anymore. Two, we think the opportunity to blend retail to the overall offering of the resort is wonderful because in -- we find that when people sleep in our hotel, they do shop more in our hotels, and of course, gamble more in our hotels. 
Robert Goldstein: And eat more, yes, stuff like that, well, especially us. I'm not sure of the customers. They look awful thin. We don't look so thin. On the Singapore side -- well, I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. Singapore, you're right. Our occupancy fell a bit, and it's a combination of 2 things. One, there's a currency issue there. You'll note that we mentioned the $4.7 million a day casino win on the Non-Rolling slot ETG, our best quarter ever. But its currency effect is more like $5 million or $5 million a day. We had a really great quarter. Same thing happened, though, on the rooms side. We got hurt somewhat by the currency impact. That hurt us on the rate. As far as occupancy, we had fall off a bit. As you can tell about our diminished rolling numbers, Tom, as we were off in the rolling business, I think, 22%. And so our ADR is driven somewhat. Like all high-end casinos, we sell rooms to our casino at very high rates. The suites go for up to $10,000 a night in Singapore. They're massive suites. When that customer doesn't come, we lose some rate and some occupancy at the very top tier of the market. As you know, our hotel is still the exemplary hotel probably in all of Asia as far as iconic architecture, et cetera. The place still does tremendous well. We did have an off, I think, quarter in terms of occupancy and rate. I think that will resurrect in terms of the -- as things get healthier with the high-end Chinese business. But you're absolutely right in those comments, and that's an issue for us to deal with in Singapore, along with the currency issue that continues to be weak against the U.S. dollar. 
Sheldon Adelson: It looks to me like in the first 3 months of the year, like the figure 39% sticks out. And if it's consistent over 3 months and it continues another couple of months, it would not be unreasonable for somebody to conclude that a bottom has been reached. Now I can't say that, that's the case because, as I said, we're sailing in unchartered waters. And I hope we don't sink like that boat off in the Mediterranean. 
Sheldon Adelson: It kind of looks to me like we've hit bottom. I mean, it's not so erratic that it goes like from 30% down to 50% down. It's staying within the 39%, 40% range. So it gives me a more comfortable feeling that this is -- this should be the turnaround point. But then again, I'm not the analyst. 
Sheldon Adelson: My level of confidence tends to about 0.1%, but I know that, that's not according to all the financial engineers listening to me that I would probably feel comfortable at 2.5, 2.5x. But I think -- I just have a feeling that perhaps we might see an emerging market pop though the clouds and during a time of weather when we could use it. So I'd rather not go out and borrow money now because if in the near future, which could be 6 months, 12 months, 18 months, we could use a few billion dollars, I'd rather keep our powder dry for that. If, however, it seems that interest rates are going to jump through the roof, in one quantum leap, we may reconsider and do something before the rates go up too high. So it's -- that's an answer, and that's not an answer, but that's what's thinking in my mind. 
Sheldon Adelson: Jon, if we're going to tell you how to do your figuring. I'm going to make a claim for your pay, including bonus. 
Sheldon Adelson: He's Chinese, he ought to tell us? Last time I looked, Jon, you look Chinese. I'd looked at Goldstein, he looked like a Philadelphia [indiscernible]. 
Sheldon Adelson: I was there with Rob and Patrick last week, almost for the whole week. We left on Sunday. And I have to tell you, I started to walk through 2 quadrants of The Venetian casino, it was unbelievable. I'd never seen it so crowded since we built it in 2007, in 8 years. I haven't seen any of our properties crowded as it was. Frankly, I had to have my security guys push a way through, so that I could get through. It was the busiest and most crowded I've ever seen. Of course, that was in the mass market [ph]. 
Sheldon Adelson: Well, I'd like to give you my own personal opinion. I think the chances of that happening are that I wake up tomorrow morning and all my hair will be grown back by 9:00. There's no chance in my mind whatsoever. I've talked to various members of the government, and they have said that, that's the opinion of one man who sincerely and with very good intentions believed that something like that may be good. When I discussed with him and his staff about how it could be done, there is no indication that any of it could be done. For instance, I said, "You could do it very easily. Just put a time limit on the opening hours of the Gonbei gate and then refer everybody to the Lotus gate, the Lotus Bridge and Lotus gate coming in." In that way, you take them off of the Peninsula, where the vast majority of the local population is, and you shift them to the Adelson-created Cotai Strip that you put them in one hotel and they're -- I mean, they'll go with our soon-to-be 13,000 hotel rooms, they'll never -- and close to 1,000 retail shops, they'll never have to leave, with probably 100-plus restaurants and very good ones, too. The -- every time I come back, I got to go on a diet for the good food in Macao. There's no question. So everybody will go into -- if you leave them off in Cotai, they'll stay in Cotai, and that's the whole purpose. It will eliminate a lot of the buses. It'll eliminate a lot of the traffic, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. And when the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge opens, and I am told from my conversations with some people who know better than I do last week, that it's not going to delay until 2020, that it opens sometime between '16 and '17. I don't know. I don't know that for sure, just what somebody's opinion was. So on the issue of capping, I have been told that it is not a decision by the government. It's only a suggestion by one of the ministers with very good intentions, but it had been thought out. And I told him that with my 42 years of experience in the MICE industry, that it's my opinion that if -- that I would never, as an organizer, book an event in Macao if I knew there was a possibility that the guy who came through the gate before me was the last guy, the 21,000,000th person to go through, and too bad, I was one extra guy, and I couldn't get in. So that can't be an exhibitor, an exhibitor staff, the President of an exhibiting company or a big buyer that wants to come in and buy something from the trade show or the group. So I think although it comes with good intentions, and there may even be -- I also told him, "There may be some rationale, but it's not doable. It's just not doable." So you'd have to take -- let's see, would you run from January 1 and let everybody in until you hit 21 million people? Or why don't we take 21 million, divide it by 365, and it comes out to 57,000. So every day, at 57,000, we just shut the gate. I mean, it's just impossible. So I am surprised that some people that are listening to this, although, I mean, it comes from a very reliable source. It is not the position of the Macao government at this time. It's a suggestion of an individual minister, again, I say, with good intentions and trying to do a good job. But from my standpoint as a MICE operator, all the MICE in Macao will collapse, and they won't let that happen. 
Sheldon Adelson: Sure. I -- the -- I don't think that's a hotel promotion. It sounds to me like it's a promotion from the retail mall. We don't market the mall that way. We've never done it since we opened here in 1999. We don't say, "You buy a lot in the retail mall and we'll give you a free room." It doesn't -- that's like a bank getting frequent flyer points from somebody else and then -- other than airlines. So if you ride buses, you get frequent flyer points on one of the airlines. We don't do that, and I suspect that, as I said, that, that is a promotion from the mall itself. 
Sheldon Adelson: [indiscernible] and because the Singapore dollar was up at $1.37 plus, almost $1.38, I just look at my calculator, my smartphone here, which is clearly smarter than I am. I just looked at it. It's at $1.34. So some of the articles in the business section of The Straits Times, and the local newspapers say that it's the -- some of the Malaysian and Indonesian visitors have slowed down a little bit because the Singapore dollar in relation to the Malaysian and Indonesian currency is a little discouraging for them. But I think it's going to turn around. Everything is cyclical. Everything is cyclical. And I never hedge because I'm quite certain. And it's been going that way for me most of my life, except when I was in grammar school, that currency, if it goes one way, it's going the other way. So we don't -- I don't take -- I don't get nervous or depressed or upset about currency volatility because -- and at least in Singapore, it's a very, very stable currency. 
Sheldon Adelson: Well, first, I'll say that none of the hotels are even approaching where we are. Most of the hotels are somewhere between 1,500 and 2,000. The 1,500 to 1,700 or 1,800, we're doing over 3,000. And we've asked the government, as you might have read some of the press clippings lately, I've asked the government for another 2,500 non-gaming hotel. Look, this has been my philosophy right from the beginning. If you build critical mass, they will come. You could take a spot in the middle of a desert or on the seashore, and you build a city and people are going to come. The validation of that belief is something called Cotai Strip. Everybody said, "You're crazy. All of the activity is on the Peninsula in Macao, and nobody's going to go out there." I'm of the conviction. Now look, everybody is building every -- each one of the concessionaires are building. And the small, sublicensed operators that were sublicenses from Stanley Ho and -- which is now operated under SJM, they're not building. They don't have any land, and they won't build in Cotai. And Cotai will be like I said right from the beginning. I compared the Las Vegas Strip to the downtown Las Vegas, and that's what it's turning out to be, the Cotai Strip versus The Peninsula. And so they're not going to move out to where we are. And our critical mass is going to carry the day. I don't know about it. I never heard people say, "It's a must-see to go to StarWorld, or to go to the Waldo, or to go to any one of our competitors." What I do hear everybody say, "When you go to Macao, you've got to go see The Venetian." And that [indiscernible] because it's the critical mass of hotel rooms, of tables, of restaurants, of MICE facilities, of shopping, et cetera, et cetera. If there are 2 words would ever apply to Sheldon Adelson, it won't be hey you. It'll be critical mass. 
Sheldon Adelson: No, no. It has nothing to do with anything. We have an enormous amount of cash flow, probably, I don't know, as much as the other U.S. companies combined. And I think that in Macao, we bottomed out, as you've heard my own opinion. But I can't guarantee that, of course. And I just have a -- it's not a dream, but I just have a good feeling. I've got the vibes, let's say, that I think one of these emerging markets are going to open up soon. So I want to make sure that we have enough money. And as you've heard me say before, I'm risk averse. And I don't want to [indiscernible]. I'd rather keep our powder dry for the time being, but it may be opportunistic to go in tomorrow. We are not excluding any of this. It depends what signs we see. And my interests are in line with yours, and I own 54% of the company. Your interests are aligned with mine. I love dividends. That's my yay dividends statement. It's yay stock buyback as well. But we can't do all of it. We can't do special dividends, regular dividends constantly increasing and stock buybacks. And we could throw money out the window. We could do that. But I -- we'll try to do everything because when I'm sitting in the board meeting and having a discussion about it, although I don't take a vote, that's only from an ethical viewpoint, ethical and moral viewpoint. Everybody else knows how I feel. They're looking at me and say, "This guy at the end of the table owns 54% of the company. You think he wants an increased dividend or he wants us to buy some stock back." Okay. I think that it's been fun. It's been good to answer all of your questions and to talk to you and to think about where our company is going. I just want to point something out to you. I haven't sold a share, not since the last time I said that. And there is nothing in my thinking that has changed at all, and I have no intention of selling any shares in the foreseeable future. Okay. And at my age, I've got a long view forward. 
