Sheldon Adelson: Thank you, Dan. Good afternoon everybody and thank you for joining us today. I am pleased to report that we continue to execute our strategic objectives during the quarter. Despite some obvious challenges in the Macao market, we delivered a strong set of financial results, with companywide adjusted property EBITDA reaching $1.35 billion U.S. dollars, a 11% higher than prior year in a fourth quarter record. Did I hear anybody talk about things slowing down? At the same time we continue to return excess capital to shareholders. It also gives me great pleasure to report to shareholders that 10 years after we listed as a public company, we achieved an all time fiscal year record of $5.42 billion U.S. dollars in adjusted property EBITDA, a metric that surely sets a new benchmark for our industry. The foundation of our success is having the right strategy at the outset. Today, I am as confident as to I have ever been in a long-term prospects for our company. Before I go through the highlights for the quarter, allow me to highlight a few packs that support our Company’s unique strategic position. Slide one, mainly in Chinese visitation to Macao is accelerating. Visitation for from Mainland China reached 21.2 million visitors, in 2014 an increase of 14%. Mainly in Chinese visitors from outside the neighboring Guangdong province, increased more than 17% for the year. Mainland Chinese visitors to Macau were up over 20% and both October and November while non-Guangdong, Mainland Chinese visitation was up 28% in October and just under 30% in November. Slide 2, these are the visitors from outside Guangdong Province have traveled to reach Macao and need hotel rooms when they arrive. We spent over $10 billion in investment to cater to these visitors. That investment includes 9,300 sleeping rooms, which is 56% of the total inventory of hotel rooms developed by concessionaires or sub-concessionaires in Macao.
Sheldon Adelson: So, most profitable building in the world given bigger than the I think the growth building in New York.
Sheldon Adelson: Yes we haven’t changed a lot of VIP junket, what's changed is the volume. The margins in VIP remain pretty much tied to whole percentage and they didn’t not oscillate [ph] that much. The bigger move I think for the market, obviously is in the mass, premium mass aggregation, because whenever you have a decline in both base mass and premium mass as rapidly as you do in the fourth, clear margins, you can adjust quick enough on the payroll and the building cost, the operational cost of the building do not adjust that quickly. What does adjust is incentives and promotions against the customer. We continue to examine those costs. The labor issue is not what folks are now, we focus our incentives, our labor costs are not on the table at this point. What is on the table though is overhead general and the building entertainment also on the table is discussing our overhead corporately, as being as opportunity there. So we are charge with it’s been very clear the direction in this trials and that where charge is growing our business more efficiently, examining any all layers of cost, against the customer promotionally, against the cost to run the business overall and make sure being efficient. But this has been a sea change as you know a very short period of time. We’re still very pleased with our overall margin, but there’s room to improve a lot of different places. So we’re very focused on it. The team there will be looking at those issues very closely in the months ahead.
Sheldon Adelson: This is Sheldon we are the leaders in the non-gaming direction development. The other guys say they are going to catch up to us. When you look at the fact that we do 80% of all the non-gaming income out of 35 Casinos in Macau, it’s clear the way, the ones that have set the pace on developing non-gaming amenities. And we think that our business model that is made of primarily of mice is the one business final that is a gift that keeps giving. The people come it’s a breeding ground for new tourism. So they’re using our business our accomplishments as a model for the other gaming operators to follow.
Sheldon Adelson: That one I read about that, I thought I was kind of curious. Special dividend is a special dividend a special dividend is not a regular repeat dividend. So when some body said why don’t you give me a regular repeat dividend? Another one in the form of the special dividend, I scratch my head. And I’m still scratching. I just think that suggestion is kind of silly. When there is an opportunity to pay special dividend, we lean more on the direction of regular dividends because that’s predictable and reliable with special dividends and not. So as far as we’re concerned we rather assure our investors including LVS that there’s going to be a reliable and predictable regular dividend. And if we do a special dividend for whatever reason that will be because for a special reason and it’s not going to be regular.
Sheldon Adelson: No change in strategy, no change in complementary policy. Dan, may be you can give more color on that? I don’t have any color.
Sheldon Adelson: We don’t have an opening date yet. It will be sometime in 2016. The question also comes up as to whether or not there will be a partial opening, rooms and casino and some restaurants, and maybe entertainment. But there’s a new government that distanced on about a month ago. And I'm going over there this coming week to talk to the new government and find out what their intentions are vis-a-vis the components that we need to open such as construction labor and we're shuffling around our construction labor once we finish the St. Regis building we'll move some labor over to the Parisian. And we're also looking where we can pickup other delay other CapEx to existing properties so we could use those blue cards, the equivalent of U.S. green cards. It's something different. It's a temporary situation for current labor. We are going to make every effort to get it done as soon as possible. We don't have an exact date yet. I'll have more information on our next call. Do we have any firm distributable information in between, I'll put it out.
Robert Goldstein: Hey Joe, it’s Rob, I’ll take that. Obviously this is the market flux, there is lot of tables in the market that are under utilized, at this point it’s an opportunity but the market with the junket business, flying so rapidly, and market were pretty masses in flux, I think its too early to tell where all these tables land. I don’t think there is huge opportunity at this point, because the vision we have so many tables in the market that a base mass, versus premium mass table isn’t a major issue from my perspective. The margins remain under pressure, I think, in Macao we’re still doing very well relative to the market, I think. And we have sufficient tables to move that often shows that most growth and most opportunity.
Robert Goldstein: Right, we recognized, we [indiscernible] few years ago the need to pursue a mass outside of Singapore. We've done that. We've executed well. The team there deserves a lot of respect for what they have accomplished. We still are south of $5 million [indiscernible] but I think the growth engine there is pretty massed outside of Singaporeans. We still have Singaporean business, but Indonesia, Malaysia, et cetera have been huge contributors to that growth and we are very proud, a short reference to earn $1.7 billion in that building. I remember years ago, we built that place peoples got that [ph] the notion of the $1 billion EBITDA, so now we’re $1.7 billion, a spectacular year for us. A little help at the end obviously with the tax issue, but we’re very happy with our growth there. As you, Chris, identified, the beauty of Singapore remains resides in the very powerful mass business, about $1.8 billion with the 63 % margin. Pretty strong results. No place like it with those kind of numbers. So the focus there remains mass, premium mass and doing the job correctly.
Robert Goldstein: Well, George, keep in mind. This is the greatest game market in the world. And although, there has been a lot talking last three, four months about the changing dynamic of the market, we still earn more money there than any place by far. It doesn't even to compare to Las Vegas or it’s an extraordinary market even with the downturn we’re earning lots of money for table both mass premium mass. So the answer is yes. We do hope to double on our request for the tables of Parisian. We are not earning, I mean, we were doing as much as 13,000, 14,000 table, but there’s nothing on the $11,000, $12,000 a table still very, very flat, huge margin. So yes and yes, we want the tables and we’re hoping we can get them. I think Sheldon when he opened the conversation and talked about his achievements there, clearly, what we have done, while other people started to build the neighborhood, we’re in the neighborhood, we built it ten years ago. We built where I think the government respects to be the future of Macao. I think the decision was started back in 2005 when the Venetian began, being put together is coming full circle now. And so I believe based on that we had a darn good chance getting our fair share tables because we delivering the promise and then some. So yes, we want the tables and yes, we believe we deserve the tables, and yes, they're still very, very profitable. You earn more per table Macao by double than what you to gross in Las Vegas per table. So it’s a pretty astounding market even though it’s under pressured, this is still the best king market in the world. We want these over represented to the table dynamic.
Robert Goldstein: So other color we lead that just want to make sure you understand. We have the last number of years and currently agree with the direction of compliance, we embrace compliance, we think it’s the future of industry growth in Nevada, and Pennsylvania, and Singapore, and Macau. There is no reason to fight against it. So where we’ve not had conversation with government we simply wait for the direction of the government to follow accordingly. But we’re big believers in all I the things we’re doing in terms of the corruption issues and AML. And the new Macau is a little different, the old Macau, the story wonderful Macau.
Robert Goldstein: Shaun, we actually added a page in the slide deck to specifically deal with that SCL is on Page 8 in that deck, which emphasize this [indiscernible] points that the recurring dividend is paid in two pieces we expect that to grow over time, and are committed to growing it over time. But and the special, it is special.
Robert Goldstein: Okay, well answered. We think the environment obviously, Thomas, is changing, people are changing their priorities again we are very confident on our business model lends its self to this, it’s called the New Macao which is mass based, which is not game based, We believe we get a lot of money in Macao, will adjust our business plan accordingly. We are not seeing promotional cost being out of control what you are seeing is a downsize near the base mass and the premium mass business which of course will adversely impact margins. That’s a fact of any place Macao or any other. I don’t see operators losing their sense of balance or prioritization of how they spend the money, their margins will come down a bit though because there is less top line obviously, most probably at the top. But I don’t think we’re in a situation where it’s veering out of control, our operators being unrealistic or there’s panic in the streets of Macao, we have a reasonable quarter, we expect to keep earning well in Macao, a lot of disciplined, very smart people lots of capital in Macao. So at this point we see the environment that mimics the better half of the year, first half of the year, which was exceptional for all of us.
Robert Goldstein: It’s not a positive, that’s sure. I can’t tell you the extent Carlo, because candidly knows how big smoking has been. There’s many factors in Macao that are changing currently. It’s hard to ascertain is it smoking, is it anti-corruption, it this a lot of factors in play here. Having said that, we remain behind government’s direction whatever maybe, we have recent being with the government about this smoking issue. They appear to be making their final decision. Whatever it is, it is. If it ends up being a being a ban or ends up being smoking rooms like the airport, we’ll abide by it and we’ll follow it. I don’t think - it’s obviously no markets are benefiting, no gain market anyone in the world, be it Europe or the U.S. is benefiting from a smoking ban. Having said that, we’re of the belief that Macao is a unique destination, unique to mainland China and Hong Kong. It will prosper in spite of smoking ban or smoking restriction. Is it better with smoking? Sure it is. Is it going to happen where smoking is restricted? Yes, we know that. The extent restriction we don’t know government advise. Whatever the government tells us to do we’ll comply happily.
Robert Goldstein: Thanks for calling me hover boy, I like that. We’ve seen this for also the market generated by a concentrated group of super-premium mass customers are relent somewhat and clearly that’s hurt the uber bull market. No question about that. I believe it will see a renewed growth in base mass business across the underlying positive drivers are so compelling with visitation growth, transportation and destruction improvements, unmatched inventory rooms, game mix, retail entertainment that speak to that mass segment. As simply stated, yes, we believe very much in this market it is still - people seem to forget what this market means relative to the rest of the world because the last three months, four months have been unsettling. But this is the greatest game market in the world and the LVS is in the perfect place to take advantage of the new Macao environment.  Our assets are unique to this incredible market and I believe this time we’ll prove that the sustainable growth of our business Macao will be evident to all. We remain very focused on margins and focused on overhead. We look at all overhead, not just Macao but the company and look to grow this company's return to shareholders. So yes, we're very much a believer. Are we concerned what happened in the last three or four months, everyone is concerned of what happened in the junket space, the smoking issue. There's so many issues, it doesn't need to be repeated in the call conversant with those issues. But I think Sheldon a decade ago built the strategy that today is being talked about. He built the Venetian. He built 3,000 rooms. He built the MICE space. He built the retail space. Everybody else is building vertical buildings on the peninsula and Sheldon over a decade ago called the shot. And I think that shot is happening today from both the competitor and government perspective. We’re just ahead of the curve by a mere 10 years. So our business remains very steadfast as base mass resets and premium mass resets, we'll reset. Margins will return and we'll remain uber-bulls in Macao.
Robert Goldstein: Okay. Rob, I'll take the Venetian Macao question. We're going through a change of thinking there how we use that product, obviously it’s the most desirable product when Cotai 3,000, keys et cetera. The cash we’ve always been very focused on a certain threshold gaming customer in the pretty mass, mass are revisiting that strategy as we move forward. We want to run a higher occupancy, because we firmly believe that the more people sleep in the Venetian, the more people shop at the Venetian, mall which we’ve owned, eat in our restaurant, of course gamble in our facility. So e think that asset has more growth potential to users who use more aggressively on the data base. And as Macao move towards, more base mass segment as opposed to junket, or as opposed to premium mass, that facility has got to rethink its room strategy in my opinion to get more out of the rooms. If the most desirable room comp there is in Cotai, the building continues to be huge driver of visitation, we think we’ve got to rethink and do better to drive more opportunity how the room side of our Venetian product. As for Parisian, Sheldon, do you want to address that issue? The Parisian…
Robert Goldstein: There are people looking for more labor. And the government wants us open because we’re the - we have the largest number of rooms. I said we have 58% of all the concessionaires rooms, that’s a very big number. And we don’t give out 100% of the rooms like our competitors do for the casino. We leave them open for people who come in for other purposes. And they want to increase tourism, they want MICE. And I'm going to point out it to them that we can't expand on those areas that they really want as opposed to the gaming, when everybody else - when we don't have enough labor. We do have the permits to complete all the property. And we're going to do our best to finish it as quickly as possible.
Robert Goldstein: Well, it's sort of an internal political issue. The CEO title has carried with it and a separation of Sands China from its major shareholder in the last several CEOs that we've had there. So rather than risk that happening again, I’m taking the title of CEO and I'll take the responsibility of the CEO and we'll have a President and COO. And I think listen, I haven't done too bad [Multiple Speakers] in the last two years - like a lot of shareholders I’ve done very well. If I'm doing as good as Rob said, I’m going to go to the board and ask for a raise.
Robert Goldstein: We’ve been telling that for the last five years and Patrick when and there, and justified a return on that. And we got the $91 million back. So as we had to invenatize it, over the last five years, we took it in as income. Now you could invenatize the return of the income over the next five years, but we're not going to go backwards and restate earnings.
Robert Goldstein: Harry, I think that's far beyond our ability to comment, the Government of Macao makes that decision, impossible to sit here and make a prediction about what may or may not happen. I mean I think six months ago, there is - some of things we’ve seen happen no one would have believed. So I think it's foolish to speculate and I won't do that.
Ira Raphaelson: Yes, sure. Hi, I think where we’re on the buyback is I think it’s going to be something the board only determines, and the management determines over time, how would like to return capital opportunistically to the repurchase program, that will come as the quarter progresses. So I don’t know we can answer that question now. Without the special dividend could we fund that amounts without raising debt capital, it depends on our trajectory for the year. So I can’t really give you an answer because we’re not there yet. But you can look at our current capital structure or liquidity profile. And we have the needs to fund return of capital more aggressively, increase dividends or new development opportunities as we see said. So a lot of it depends on how the year progresses and use of management over time. But we’ve made no determination yet.
Ira Raphaelson: Even the $90 million amount is relates to five-year period, it would have a $0.09 impact on EPS in aftertax if we had to pull that out again. If it’s something that going forward we’ll have a slightly smaller income tax or property tax event, but it was over a five-year period, not a just
Ira Raphaelson: I think, the one that are more selective are you guys, was - we’re not more selective about this. We’re not changing any strategy to put into the press release to put in my prepared remarks of the earnings call, whether we’re going to do 10% a year. Don’t look into that. If we are going to have a significant change of policy, we would disclose it. The fact that somebody else wrote it to pay attention to that issue, forget about that. Whether or not we’re not opportunistic, when this thought [ph] goes down far more it’s down a lot more than what we think it deserves. And this earnings report gives us a little bit of indication that we’re still doing well, can you imagine $5.44 billion, I know I said $5.42 billion and until this morning it’s $5.44 billion EBITDA. How many companies will do that? We’re certainly in the top 100 and if not in the world at least in the United States. And we’re very proud of making that kind of money. So trying to guess whether we're going to be opportunistic or we wake up one morning and somebody says the stock is down 5 points, maybe we ought to buyback two or three points [indiscernible]. Listen, all we know is I'm sending a message. You want to get my message. I haven't sold any stock. I got 432 million shares and I haven't sold one share of stock since 2006 when I did a secondary to create some diversification. I haven't sold any. I have no intention of selling any. And I believe in the long-term improvement of this company and we will one day, whether it's sooner or later, I can't tell you for sure, we hope it’s sooner that we're going to get additional emerging market opportunities. Nobody can go out there and present. The bona fide is that we can do. There is not a city in the world that doesn't want more MICE. Everybody wants MICE. I know one of our competitors - and was it a third phase, the galaxy, fourth phase, or fifth phase, or sixth phase, or seventh phase, or eighth phase or ninth phase or tenth phase, I don't know what city is going to put some MICE space in. But I’ve got 40 years of experience in the MICE industry. I sold my company in 1995 and the largest amount of money ever in the 1200 year history of agricultural and trade fairs. I sold my company for the largest amount of money. Nobody understands and knows the MICE market better than this company and we have a lot of people in this company that have been with me for over 20 years. There are people that work with me in the interface group when I had Comdex and other shows. So nobody can compete with us on that score. And what we've done in Macao, 80% of all the MICE business in Macao, the other guys are just making noise. We walked the…
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, great. Thank you. First question, Sheldon or for Patrick, just going back to the subject of capital return, I did notice that the regarding, I did notice that the blurb regarding dividends and the debt no longer has that comment about increasing the recurring dividend 10% annually. Certainly have a strong commitments to returning cash to shareholders and growing the dividends. I’m trying to understand the change in the language.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Because I was just checking because you guys have been pretty clear for a while saying that you’re committed to growing 10%. So it sounds like that hasn’t changed.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. great. And then Rob, some of your comments underscore this point, you are a well known [indiscernible] on Macau, looking near term, it does seem the south side is forecasting Macau’s gaming revenue to decline in 2015 anywhere form high single-digits to low double-digits certainly it’s anybody’s best guess for sure. But I’m just wondering does that correlate with what your internal folks are projecting in it. So strategically how are you approaching this year particularly in the first half where most of the market declines are likely to occur.
