Kenneth J. Kay: Thanks, Mike. Revenue expanded 12.5% despite low hold in Singapore. Hold adjusted property EBITDA was $950.7 million, down a little less than 1% compared to the quarter last year. Our strong growth in Macau was offset by a smaller contribution from the VIP business in Singapore compared to last year. Our hold adjusted EBITDA margin of 34% remains healthy and reflects our higher market share in Macau of lower margin VIP business. We expect hold adjusted EBITDA margin to expand as our mix of mass and non-gaming revenues in Macau grows with the ramp-up of Sands Cotai Central. Hold adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.53, down $0.06 from last year's third quarter. The decrease in earnings per share was driven by increased depreciation and amortization expense related to the opening of Sands Cotai Central, higher minority interests and increased share count. Lower EBITDA had a $0.01 unfavorable impact, but was entirely offset by the favorable impact of lower interest expense, gaming taxes and other items. Our cash balance at September 30 was $3.75 billion. Our trailing 12-month EBITDA was also $3.75 billion. And our net debt is approximately $5.7 billion. Our debt outstanding is both long-dated and cost-effective, with only approximately $100 million coming due in the remainder of 2012 and 2013, and at an average borrowing rate of approximately 2.9% this quarter. Our net debt to EBITDA on a consolidated basis is approximately 1.5x. This is a very comfortable position for us and supports the decision to increase our recurring dividend by 40% for 2013, while retaining ample resources and liquidity to pursue future growth opportunities. Looking ahead, we would be very comfortable with a net leverage ratio of up to 3x to 3.5x if we were fortunate enough to have several integrated resort projects and developments simultaneously. As those projects come online and begin to generate cash flow, the ratio would naturally decrease. So again, our strong balance sheet gives us tremendous financial flexibility. We maintain the flexibility to utilize additional strategies to enhance shareholder returns in the future. The Board focused principally on increasing the recurring dividend at the last meeting. Share buybacks and special dividends will continue to be on the potential list of future alternatives, but will be weighed against the requirements for future investments in growth. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Rob.
Kenneth J. Kay: A little bit of a loaded question there, I appreciate that. So I think what I can tell you is when we went through the deliberations on the dividend, we were really trying to focus in on kind of rightsizing the dividend and getting it to around a 3% yield, which is what you articulated. And that's really where the lion's share of the discussion focused in on. I think, depending on what conditions are going forward, our focus is obviously on increasing that over time. As far as what the percentage of the increase is, it really is a function of what we feel is the rightsized dividend at that point in time that, that decision is made. But that's the way we look at it, more so than really on the payout ratio because we've also got to take into account kind of what the horizon looks like in investments and future growth. And so we have to factor that in and make sure we're in a balanced situation. But for right now, the right size of the dividend we felt was at 3%, and that's what we generated the increase of 40% to get to.
Kenneth J. Kay: Yes, sure. A couple of questions in there. The Sands China Board will need to make a determination as far as what the dividend will be coming out of them for 2013, and that decision hasn't been made yet. But I think if you just look at it from a cash flow standpoint, I think the way that -- I'm kind of thinking about funding the LVS dividend, which is about $1.2 million, a little bit less -- I'm sorry, $1.2 billion. So it's probably close to about $1 billion coming out of Sands China Limited, and that would be net, right, of the minority interest fees that would get paid out. So that $1 billion would be flowing up approximately from them. And then the balance would be sourced from either cash from Marina Bay Sands or cash that we have either in the U.S. restricted group or at the parent level. So that's kind of the way we're thinking about it, although no final determination has been made relative to that. And then it's all, really, any money that we bring up from Sands China Limited or from Marina Bay Sands is very tax efficient because we would be offsetting any taxes that would be owed on the repatriation of dividends with foreign tax credits that are generated in our Asian activities. And so for all intents and purposes, that money comes up on a tax-free basis.
Kenneth J. Kay: Yes, quarter-over-quarter, so third quarter 2012 versus third quarter 2011, it was about a $15 million increase in receivable provision.
Robert G. Goldstein: Thanks, Ken. In Macau, we're generating exceptional growth momentum in every gaming segment, mass table, slot, ETGs, as well as VIP. We're earning $8,700 per table per day versus $6,900 in last year's numbers in the mass table segment. The additional hotel inventory of 1,800 Sheraton rooms came online in September and an additional 2,000 rooms will come on board early next year, and they should boost our growth as well. Slot and ETG volume is up 29.4% this quarter, rolling volumes are up 45.5%, while total VIP market in Macau was flat. Our mass table revenue, including stadium-style ETGs increased 48-plus percent in the quarter to reach a record $669 million. And that represents a market share of 26.4%, the most important segment in the Macau market from our perspective. When you look at mass tables, slot and ETG win, together we're winning $8.5 million a day in the third quarter across our property portfolio, which is up about 35% from a year ago. We are the market leader in mass win per day. So looking ahead, we expect the lion's share of market share growth to occur on Cotai, where the majority of the other markets, sleeping rooms, shopping, dining, entertainment amenities are located. We should be a primary beneficiary of that growth. The ramp at Sands Cotai Central is visible in our results today. Our mass table win -- our mass win per day increased 15% in this quarter compared to the April through June 30 period. Our rolling volume per day increased over 13% in the September quarter compared to the June quarter. Our hotel occupancy was also strong during the quarter, and has continued to ramp during the current fourth quarter. Operator, may we have the first question, please.
Robert G. Goldstein: Yes. Mark, let's start with our strength. Our strength is in Macau. As we look at the portfolio now as opposed to individual properties, the way I view this, the market for us, our portfolio market versus Four Seasons versus Venetian versus Cotai, I think what's happened here is, as you know, the mass revenues are booming there in Macau. I mean, think about $8.5 million a day of 45% margin business. Pretty extraordinary. I think we'll continue to accelerate for the simple reason of capacity, hotel sleeping rooms and retail. And once that bridge is completed in December, I think we end up with a 9,000 room hotel in Cotai. I can’t imagine. We're not going to be able to do a whole lot more than continue what we're doing now, which is fill the hotel room, is fill the retail and watch the market share increase. I think David Sisk has to be singled out for his other junket segment. Where, as you know, a few short years ago, non-competitive in that segment, and now we're very comfortable with where we're going with that. But the real story in Macau, as everyone is aware of, is the mass table side and mass -- and ETGs and slots. We just see ourselves growing, gaining more share by the quarter and couldn't be more pleased we're heading there. Same-store sales, I'd rather speak to same portfolio sales, and I think they're going to be double-digit from our perspective on the mass side. Singapore is a different story. As you know, we are flat in the VIP segment the last 4 quarters. We had an exceptional year-on-year quarter last year. That business is no longer there. VIP is a challenge today versus -- or the growth story because we have seen ourselves softening up. We have increased our event side significantly starting this quarter. We'll see a very, very strong event last week and again this week. We're doing more special events to the high end, targeting the rolling customer. The obvious challenge here, as you can see it from the numbers, is on the mass slot and table side. Singapore has been a growth story at 4, 2 -- well, it started at 2, 3 a day and went as high as 4 or 5 a day since we opened. That is the challenge. I think Mike and Sheldon both referenced we have a very different approach there, and that's going to be targeting premium mass customers, not rolling customers, but $10,000, $20,000 customers from Jakarta, KL, Bangkok, Tokyo, Seoul, et cetera. We're putting a team on the ground, incentives on the ground to try to drive more of that premium mass customer into Singapore, more tourist-driven. And we think it's going to be very successful. We have started that a few months ago. We're willing to put a lot of boots on the ground and our belief is that's the growth in Singapore in the near future.
Robert G. Goldstein: Mike just came back and we believes January is the right date for the additional tables on Cotai. What we can think of doing, I think Ed and Dave and that team is -- every day is examining the highest yield per table, be it Cotai or Venetian. We have a good problem. We have a lot of business over there and even downtown, even on the old Sands, continues to be some pretty good numbers. So our goal is to maximize yield per table, profitability per table regardless of the hotel it's in. And as you see Cotai ramping up, our dilemma, it's a wonderful dilemma, is can we get to $10 million, $11 million, $12 million a day with table ETG win. So our goal is not to identify a property, but whatever -- wherever that table performs best, that's where we'll go.
Robert G. Goldstein: So unfortunately or fortunate, depending on your perspective, we're not managing it to go down, but we'll try to manage it up. And we just -- the demand on the back edge, consumer demand was soft or has stayed in the $11 billion, $12 billion per quarter range. I'd love to see it go back to $16 billion. Obviously, we're managing our reserve more aggressively, looking at our aging of our accounts, but it wasn't by design that the demand was soft. It was by customer demand, or lack thereof. We'd love to go back to a $15 billion -- our goal is to get back to $15 billion, $16 billion all quarters and collect the money as well, but it wasn't -- it was consumer demand.
Robert G. Goldstein: I think it stayed pretty flat. I mean, look at 2Q, 2 of '12, we get $11.5 billion, $11.8 billion this time. We had an exceptional third quarter '11 at $16.7 billion, but unfortunately or fortunately, depends on your perspective, Singapore, it looks like a $45 billion to $50 billion annualized roll market at this time. I mentioned earlier, we want to be much more aggressive on the event side, doing some very strong special events to drive that, but -- and be margin conscious as well. We don't fear the credit side. We just would like to see more demand with the right kinds of customers. So though our bigger challenge, very candidly, is to make sure that premium mass growth returns again. That's the margin 65-plus percent we'd like to get back to, and that's the segment where we're focusing on as far as we think there's short-term appreciation, I hope.
Robert G. Goldstein: I guess, from the way I look at the properties, first of all, we're very happy with the junket segment there. Couldn't be happier with what's happening at the junket side. The team there, that segment is cruising very, very well. And we -- to be blunt about it, we're surprised at how well it does, so quickly out of the box. We have growth opportunity. That's our weakest performer right now on the mass table side, and part of the reason why is The Venetian is so damn strong. And so is, of course, the Four Seasons, although much smaller offering at the tables. But I think our growth potential, both from a margin and EBITDA perspective, emanates from the ramp as we use more hotel rooms, the retail gets opened, as we get up to a $10,000 -- our goal is $10,000 win per unit per day like The Venetian did this quarter. When we get there, you're going to see the Sands Cotai Central, I believe it's the ultimate mass product, built for that market. What they've done there in the junket segment surprises me, how well it's doing. So if they get the mass table up to $10,000 a day, get all the ETGs pumped up, that's where the growth opportunities are for the Sands Cotai Central to start pushing up against The Venetian in '13 and '14. The margins will move with the mass. To be honest, a 10%, 11% junket segment is still challenging on the margin side. The ETGs in that building, along with the slots, it had a slow start. It's all coming together. And as we get the mass -- the premium mass side cranking, and we get all the rooms opened in early first quarter of next year and that bridge gets complete, I don't think there's any reason to doubt that this property should be a $1 billion property down the road. I feel wildly confident. It's the right property for the market in Macau today, lots of sleeping rooms, lots of retail, lots of food, a great gaming floor. I feel -- well, we always felt confident that the Sands Cotai Central will rival Venetian once it's fully operational.
Robert G. Goldstein: Obviously, I mean the Sands Cotai numbers are good but they can be better. Again, the margins are hurting a bit due to the premium mass or lack of premium mass, but I think The Venetian did very, very well. The Four Seasons, it's a junket-driven property, so it's always got that challenge. But, no, I think the Sands downtown was great. Obviously, the large reserve in MBS hurts, but that's just a recognition of the aging in some of the accounts. But no, overall, I think it's all there to see. We've laid it all out for you, so I can't add much color to that.
Robert G. Goldstein: Let's take a look here. We were -- let's see. We were down a bit. We were growing volume this quarter of 1.461 versus 1.507. We held light, 2.69 versus last year's -- excuse me, I'm looking at Q2. So Q3 '11, we were 1.570 versus 1.461 on the rolling volume. We held 4.39 last year versus 2.6...
Robert G. Goldstein: The overall business? It's mostly 7.5 rolling on the VIP junket versus 1.461 on direct. So the lion's share obviously, the VIP market.
Robert G. Goldstein: Yes. It's 7.5 versus 1.4, and we held last -- the hold is obviously in 3Q '11 we held 2 versus 2.56 this year.
Robert G. Goldstein: Hold on a second, I'll tell you. 72 million versus -- 72 -- it won 52 million for third quarter '11.
Robert G. Goldstein: Yes. That's a simple one. Jon, the way we view this is we're in a different place than anybody else because we have 3 distinct segments. We've got super premium, which tables winning $20,000 plus a day, probably that's less than 5% of the portfolio; 15% would probably be devoted to, what I call, premium mass; and the lion's share, the bulk, would be in the pure mass business. But we're in a unique place. To be frank, we've got more capacity than anybody else by a lot. We've got more sleeping rooms, more retail, more food. So the way I view this is it's probably the single greatest opportunity I've ever seen in any market anywhere. I can see a day when, if we're able to do this 8.5, how big does it get? Depends on obviously -- we're going to grow faster than anybody because we've got the capacity and the sleeping rooms to grow. Our buildings are built for mass, premium mass, super mass. We're very focused on it. We think we've done a terrific job of upping the junket segment, but our focus and our profit margins obviously reside in this segment. I think one of the unique things in our buildings is that we can talk to the customer who's not betting just HKD 1,000 a day, we can talk to people betting less, we can offer them things no one else can offer. So we've got a multifaceted strategy to all 3 segments, but our biggest single opportunity obviously is in those tables that we can drop minimums down and get that customer. We think ETGs are a very important part of that. How big can it get? Jon, I don't know. I read your reports and I believe you, we can get very, very big, and I think you're right. I think the growth opportunities are enormous for us because we're in the sweetest part of the market where the margins are 45%, 48%. I don't -- I see a day when we can -- on the ETG slots side, surpass $1 billion not too far down the road. I think mass tables can be staggering, I really do. I mean, the market in the mass tables all are as dumbstruck at how well it's done. But the biggest beneficiary is this company, and that's where our focus is. And how big can it be, I don't know. I like to believe that you're right and it'll grow double-digit for the foreseeable next 2 years, and we're the biggest beneficiary. That's our biggest opportunity by far.
Robert G. Goldstein: No, we have -- we're reallocating space now, Jon, up on the top floor, as well as rethinking the floor. Ed and David are very adept in the strategy to rethink Cotai and Sands Cotai with additional new rooms and spaces. We are rethinking as we speak. Because that's where the opportunity for Cotai to be a $1 billion property resides.
Robert G. Goldstein: We're rethinking the floor, Jon, every which way we can including the 39th floor of the current building, including Sheldon referenced the theater spaces. We have -- yes, we have opportunity, and we recognize it's got to be the right physical space to make it really sing to $10,000, $15,000 per table per day. And I do think with the bridge connecting 9,000 keys, all that retail, I don't think $10,000 a day across the portfolio is that ambitious. I think it's very achievable for us.
Robert G. Goldstein: If you look at our space in The Venetian, that's -- what Sheldon is referencing, that premium, that mass play in The Venetian, ruby, diamond has been exemplary from the day we opened it. It is an extraordinary success story. Look at The Venetian doing $10,000-plus per table per day currently. Where does it go? I don't know. It could be $11,000, $12,000 a day.
Robert G. Goldstein: I think in Macau, it's not that material, Carlo. If you think about it, it blends out at 44 -- up to the high 40s. I don't think there's a lot of difference. We're not -- it's mostly, if it's complimentary, it's room comps, it's meals, but the spread is not great, it really isn't. Singapore, I'd say the same. It stays pretty consistent, high 60s. Slot, ETG, mass table. The margins grow, obviously, the win per table, in both markets, and the win per table is -- you're getting $20,000 per table out of The Venetian in some periods. It may ramp up, but frankly, there's not a whole lot of spread that I can tell.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: This is Sheldon, Joe. What I want to say is that the VIP market out of China is reputedly slowing down in Macau, although we're not experiencing that. But again, we have a pretty big footprint in Macau. I think the same thing is happening in Singapore, that the Chinese are averse to uncertainty. And they don't know what's going to happen when the new government comes in either this month or next month, but before the end of the year. And so their issue of uncertainty will be resolved and people will go back to their normal lives. I for one, having discussed this with the Chinese people and their behavior, everybody says -- everybody I talked to says the same thing, they lie low where there's uncertainty. And they become more high profile when the uncertainty is lifted. All right? And the only uncertainty that people can look at is from their own internal view points in the PRC [ph], how is the new government going to treat them. And once those issues have moved into the more certain column, I think we'll see a lot more VIP business coming back.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: When I look at that, Joe, I do. It's a very drooling, enticing and stimulating matter. I mean, I've been saying that our business model is unlike any other business model in any portion of the hospitality or retail business, ever. Build these non-core assets, we sell them, we pay for the entire cost. We've got about $9 billion to $10 billion today, and I'm not going to sell Macau until we finish the bridge, which is next month, in December, and we let it -- the cross traffic. It's a unique bridge. It's not like the bridges in Las Vegas, where they're outdoors that are exposed to the weather. This is fully covered, fully enclosed, fully air-conditioned and fully equipped with people movers, moving sidewalks. People in Macau, they're just going to go up there just for the experience of going on -- over the bridge on moving sidewalks. So we'll see how that impacts. If it does impact it well, I think we could probably reach another billion or maybe more. But we're looking at whether or not we should turn that over now, or we -- I mean, in terms of monetizing it, or we should wait until we get the approval for the Tropical Mall, and we put the -- a new retail and luxury [ph]. So we're still in the midst of that. In any event, this is a good time, it is a good cap rate. I remember the time there wasn't a good cap rate. And we just haven't -- we haven't focused on that so much because, from my standpoint, I focus on development and strategy. And so I came up with the idea to do the 800,000 square-foot mall. That will add a couple or a few more billion in dollars. So it won't hurt to just keeping development. So all we know is that, that money is out there to be gotten without any interest, so it feels very good [indiscernible].
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Well, I can only quote what the government has said publicly. I don't want to talk about what they say privately. We've asked for the minimum that we think we need to open La Paris [ph] but then I see other people are getting them all. The government has said that they -- they've indicated publicly that they will give more tables to the people who are building more non-gaming. They're not going to allow the total space to -- the matrix to come down to 25% casino and 75% non-gaming. They want it down to 10% or less, which means that the guys who were going to build casino and hotel and a couple of restaurants, they're not going to get very many tables. They only have like 2,000 tables to give out. I don't think it would be surprising for them to say, the guys who build 25% or more of casino will get the same number of tables as people who build 10% or less. Our business model says that we build -- actually we have the largest casino in the world in the Venetian Macau, and it's only 4.5% of the total amount of space. And all of our plans for all of the lots on the Cotai Strip would have amounted to, if we were able to build them all, 2.5% of total. So we're setting the precedent on how they're going to do it. So in our case, I'm pretty sure that if the government follows what it said publicly, that we'll get at least the number of tables we ask for. I've since increased that, because -- publicly, I've increased it to 500 but we can live with 450, because the other guy is saying, "Oh, Sands says they only want 600 and NPL says they want 500," but they're not going to build the entertainment, the shopping, the MICE space in particular. And as you know, we focus a lot on MICE space. So they want people that -- they're going to give the tables to the people, they say, that are contributing more to the leisure business travel objectives.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: That's a very big space that we want to reallocate [indiscernible]. We've got plenty of room, I think it's 70,000.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: We have the same box in what was lot 6, which is now the Sheraton lot. We could turn that into mass gaming, mass premium.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Well, one marketing move we're going to make is Poretta [ph]. The situation is fluid, it's dynamic. We'll try out new things, what used to be our limit is now our limit, diamond, ruby and is now being retitled premium mass.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Jon, this is Sheldon. Obviously, we're going to have to get some money out of SCL, and we've got to share it proportionately. And so we've got -- to the extent that we upstream any amount of money -- we just got the okay from the Board day before yesterday, so we haven't talked with the SCL board, but obviously we're going to have to share the good fortune. And by the way, we're happy about that. We get 70.3% of that.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: You have to understand that one of the biggest triggers in the entire matrix is the fact that to build sensitivity analysis -- I don't want to say this publicly, but our gaming tax rate, [indiscernible] over there is going to be significantly lower. So if we can make significant adjustments, they end up with our EBITDA percentage by the tax rate. We make a 33% EBITDA rate in Macau with a tax rate at 40%. We make 50% to 55% EBITDA of revenue in Singapore with a much lower -- with a tax rate averaging about 15%. We get below that, which I'm confident we will significantly, and we have certain things to achieve there to get below that, then we don't need anywhere near as much money and, by any measure win [indiscernible] day by the tables or slots. So we might end up with the same amount of money with only 70% of the amount of business that it would take to do that in either of our other locations. So you can't compare apples-to-apples, they're 2 different calculations.
Michael Alan Leven: We also have 26 more stores opening in the Four Seasons, 43 more stores opening at 5 [ph] in Cotai Central and, as Sheldon said, the potential of an 800,000 square-foot, 300-store mall next to the Sheraton on the Tropical Garden space. So there's a lot more retail to mature for us to essentially maximize that retail facility. And the 20 -- the new stores in The Venetian -- or in the Four Seasons will open in November of this year, actually next month.
Michael Alan Leven: Well, I think, Steve, the economic conditions really during the course of these -- the meetings with the Spanish government and the course of our meetings here, if something were to deteriorate significantly in terms of the euro or what have you, that's just a caveat that we're watching that. This is a process that will go on for a number of months as we go through the process of legislations, final site selection, the tender, land acquisition, et cetera. But if something turns dramatically negative in the short term, that's simply something that we would look at, and we want everybody to know that we'll be making a judgment on that basis. So I think that's on the chart just to keep aware that something could happen. We feel good about looking at the investment at the present time and looking at the future. And basically, if all things come in order, they could all come in order, but if something dramatic happens in the economic environment that causes real concern, we just -- we would very much hesitate to go forward.
Michael Alan Leven: In New York, basically, Steve, we have been having some conversations about Willard's Point [ph] in Queens. We previously have looked at Manhattan. Most of the noise we get in Manhattan is that it won't happen. We think there's a potential -- there's been some press about Willard's Point [ph]. We've looked at it, continue to look at it, we're testing that market and talking to the owners of that situation about that kind of development. And once again, that would very much depend upon what kind of arrangements we could make there, as well as what the tax rate would be. And there's lots of rumors and lots of things flying around, but we think that's a viable market, and we're under investigation there now.
