Rob Goldstein: I think to answer your question, I think it’s -- the Venetian obviously I think is performing the market, it’s ramping to 1.5 billion and I think that’s a little bit ambitious for SEC today’s current situation. However it does have -- it’s a different product -- you don’t have the teaming, there is teaming, nor the retail component, which I think is a primary drivers of foot traffic in Venetian, so record opening the market, how important -- Venetian gets disproportionate share of patient for the teaming traffic and retail and food offerings. Having said that obviously the biggest advantage that Cotai Central has is the room product and the diversity and size of rooms. So I believe it will ramp it. Two things have to happen, at Cotai, the Venetian comes from primarily mass tables and all three segments both these super three mass and pretty mass, mass tables that Sands Cotai has not gotten the kind of number that we do at the Venetian. They will ramp as the rooms filled, as you get more promotional and aggressive on that but clearly there is mass of opportunity prone to a number of -- it’s respectable but it could be a lot higher one unit per day.  The junket segment is the highest performing on our portfolio and (inaudible) get close to the Venetian numbers, it gets better and it gets smaller per quarter. The whole key of the Sands Cotai as I said the story is going to be still in the rooms, taking advantage of that 6000 key opportunities, the cross-over etc. At every comp is that SEC is a billion dollar EBITDA property in future. I don’t know they have reached the kind of numbers that Venetian is going to get to because they should keep growing, it looks to me it would grow a billion, 1.4 billion, 1.5 billion, 1.6 billion, it’s a phenomenal property and it sits on all cylinders. So SEC I do think is a $1 billion property and the primary driver will be that mass table segment. If we get that payment to 11,000, 12,000 Venetian does, will be $1 billion, and that’s the answer, I am not sure.
Rob Goldstein: So I think you should know the opportunities in the segment you reference the super premium and premium but also in the mass, mass will makes us unique at our company, is that, other people don’t have that capacity to grow, a mass, mass tables of Venetian are just extraordinary performers and we can get there, SEC is doing some very good things to have that property.
Rob Goldstein: Well, interesting question you raise because I heard the call on, I think the answer is simple, the cage drop is phenomenon we are experiencing in Macao, in most jurisdiction our cage drop, it’s about 25% of our drop and we certainly can give this numbers as well as the party entire drop program. We hold about 25% to 26% since we opened SCL, about 23%, 24% mass play at MBS. Case drop component we are clear about that that mostly impact the super premium and premium mass because you can’t buy renminbi back to the table, you can’t cash in renminbi at the table. It’s again foreign restriction. You have to buy the cage and that’s why that phenomenon happens. Also you can’t process the money easily to the small denomination so its cage function logistically works better that way. Having said that, we are very confident that across the entire portfolio we handle about probably this year about $14 billion, $15 billion consolidated, we hold about 25%, 26% of that. So we know the whole percentage. We know, where the customers buy the chips be it cage or tables on two sources. What we can’t take existing about is the customers move money between property or a segment. While Steve was referencing the difficulties knowing which segment they are losing and that affects that whole percent. But in the aggregate we do not know what that and it’s not confusion for us or anybody else in the marketplace. So the nice thing is as we keep growing drop we are getting to a point where can hold 25%, 26%, 27%, again it appears to be growing to business we can see us getting $4 billion of topline of this next year. So it’s a phenomenon because of the foreign exchange situation and the size of those.
Rob Goldstein: I think Jon, one of the things we -- all the noise from the government seemed to be impacting what’s happening to what you see that in the first quarter. And I think what’s happened is the numbers from Macao come out I guess every week or so. We haven’t seen any impact whatsoever on any of the noise about the government. I think visitation is public, the amount of money that each person is spending seems to be more. The rooms have helped us. I think the Cotai Strip has helped everybody. So there has been no negative impact that we’ve seen so far this year. And I don’t see what the government has been saying that has really impacted us. Rob, may have other details on that but we have a big spread of market in all of our properties from the low limits to the high limits. And they all seem to be getting their appropriate share of the marketplace.
Rob Goldstein: John, it’s Rob. I think the number speak themselves in terms of the VIP demand or lack of demand in the marketplace. You can see that for yourself. I think our strength resides in mass and slot and ETG market. And I think those segments are growing very crazy and that couple of infrastructures are very, very strong story for us. So as we have 1000 tables opened and 5000 slot and ETG, and as I think our growth is tied for sure to be mass demand and our mass demand is staggering. As for VIP, time will tell. And we’re waiting to see how it plays out. But our opportunity, I think is in the mass and slot and ETG market short term. And we’ll ride, wave and see how the -- what the government, how that works out. But we’re very, very pleased with our growth. And it’s an important segment for us in profitability.
Rob Goldstein: We are holding to stick to lifetime, John and I think when it’s all said and done, it will be over 280 at the end of this year and next. It’s going to turnaround as it’s always does. Las Vegas is doing this for long time. At Las Vegas, we’ve been working for 13 years. We hope about 25%, 26% on the high end of that rate. I assume it’s normalizing, will be just fine in Singapore.
Rob Goldstein: Majority of business comes out of Singaporean, Chinese or mainland Chinese, yes, majority, over probably 70% is mainland or Chinese people who bought a second home or POS in Singapore. However we get a lot of players of Indonesia, some very strong business out of Indonesia and some great business out of Malaysia as well. So it’s still predominantly mainland coupled with the POS. 
Rob Goldstein: We are seeing diversification primarily in the non-rolling segment, biggest growth of new customers have been in non-rolling segment. We have seen new business out of Indonesia, mainland for sure. But again I caution is that it’s still a very concentrated market for rolling segment. The diversification and growth under the new customers is primarily resides in the non-rolling segment.
Rob Goldstein: Yes, the main concentrated and again I would caution you that 18 next quarter, I mean 22 and we did that a couple of years ago, because it’s not an easy predictor. We could see us $19 million, would also be $13 million. Citing the figures first quarter always is pretty strong. I think that’s as much as we said upfront.
Rob Goldstein: I think it’s competitive, obviously it’s three segments there. Our strength is on pure mass which is -- we have because of our table size and capacity I think we dominate that segment. Pre-mass and super pre-mass are obviously very competitive. I don’t think it’s become unreasonable or overly incentive, we find it, still a very high margin 38, 39% margin business for us. So I don’t think it’s unreasonable. Any time you see a business growing adapted strongly with those ridiculous year on year comparisons, you are going to see competitive, very smart people, and Macao worked very hard, I think the (inaudible) people especially in Galaxy, MGN, all compete with that segment. However we have not seen unreasonable incenting and have not seen a -- we still -- I haven’t spent a lot of money in that segment and let’s be clear it is a growth engine in Macao because it makes you large EBITDA.  So our goal is to re-segment the Four Seasons gain more, with 14,002 for people in the Four Seasons. We want to re-segment that, be lot more aggressive in that mass table market and I see pretty mass table market. We want to grow our business especially the SCC, with real estate business out of Venetian, the number of tables, I mean we could see -- we could win $1 billion in the future out of the mass tables alone with the Venetian is extraordinary. I am also pleased downturn, the fancy, take a new approach downtown and I think to make $100 million a place to approach its 10th anniversary is pretty extraordinary too. But there is work ahead of us. We are not -- it’s happening 10,200, for table appears that I believe there is material upside this company and years ahead Macao in the mass table segment. 
Rob Goldstein: Well, Steve from the gaming side it’s clearly a very clear focus on the premium mass gaming customers and the goal here from our respective is to build team and we’ll go with that team everyday of people that went to JP, Malaysia, Indonesia, Jakarta, Tokyo, Thailand and Vietnam, and find better premium customers and bring them to MBS to gamble it’s pretty black and white. The same way that. We saw that business grow terrifically from the opening in Singapore and then it fell off as the -- as was illustrated by the government. So our goal is to build that business back up and that’s why we’ve $4.6 million and then our goal is get back to even higher run rate. So clearly we want to go to the tourist side as opposed to Singaporean gambling and I think its payoff and we have descent number from the quarter, we have growth opportunity, our goal is to build a big sales team which does not focus only going directly rather premium customers. So that’s definitely direction. Okay. On the call.
Rob Goldstein: No. I think as we go through the kind of typical ageing in the collection process, we get to the point where some of them are uncollectible either as the bankruptcy situations are, players being deceased and such and so when we get to the end of the road, there is actually no possibility of our pursuit of collection for those reasons, we end up just writing off the balance.
Rob Goldstein: No, we feel we got through it, all of the accounts and so. It wouldn’t have been one that would have just been those that had got to the point where we saw that there was actually no possibility that we can just charge that amount against the reserve.
Rob Goldstein: And those are direct filing the long. This is on page 28 of the debt. It’s on our website and the number is $11 million that was written off.
Sheldon Adelson: It’s Sheldon, on the (inaudible) but I can see head of the business. We are building and spending a few bucks on local store, what was formerly expected to be a theater, I think there is a lot of 40,000 square foot footprint and it was going to enlarge, we put the premium as dramatically since we originally branded property, Central does -- because that was the one we stopped and if you remember, in the middle of the -- or advent of the financial crisis, and that we decided not to (inaudible). So there was some premium mass market identified with such (inaudible) categories. Before we get less of cash, that is we are tools. However we are putting it on another similar 80 similar tables, pushing a 100% tables with taken (inaudible), we are not -- they are putting their under performing tables you got to use and increase revenue. So we are going to put -- as poll expanded this year, we got CapEx equivalent and that is going take about 10 months or so, maybe a little more, 10 and 12 months, and we really I think have stay...
Sheldon Adelson: So we’ve got about 10, 11 months here to go. And the delay in that is that we never put in, because we didn’t know when we are going to put in, we never put in pilings underneath that space. So we got to get the piling machine that we are already building and then put them to work and the excavation in piling machine, so that will take an extra period. So there is a lot of potential upside, filling up the rooms, getting more mass market, creating the capacity and putting the tables to recognize. I don’t know it will get to, where the Venetian is but as, he said the Venetian is in unique property, but I think it get to where the Venetian was before.
Sheldon Adelson: And we are going to, our intent to continue ramping up in all property because they are going to wake up from sleeping and we're going to crack the whip on them.
Sheldon Adelson: Well, I had a conversation with Mike Leven, Head of Development, yesterday, continues to be more and more impressive as time goes on. And Ed Cooper, who is a descendent of Cooper friend and Hollis, he says he's related to that. We said yesterday that the final challenge than we are at May 1, in June we are going to start the piling caps which is really think of it as the foundation, it’s like a mass foundation like we did this Venetian and we did the mass foundation in Vegas. And that’s -- think of it as the foundation -- we are not doing it on a gradual basis from one end to the other. And as soon as we finish in enough time lengths, we are putting (Inaudible) on it. As soon as we finish the bio-caps, we are going to start the structure. So it’s -- that was quite a bit of surprise to me, yesterday. And the two different types of power cap, there is forth concrete, we put a lot of concrete in it and then there is driven piles. There is no stone in the cast. So they are moving along on the tiles. And the date to open is 15th, I am cracking the list, trying to get the middle of 15. So we are not looking at always every way, (inaudible) always a shorter period, always shorter period.  Every month we don’t know but it’s the fruits of investment, we are losing, we could lose 15 million a month to start upward. So if we spend an extra 15 minutes you will accelerate the project, how many more months that we open faster, we get a big return out of those. 
Sheldon Adelson: I think we are at the point where we are discovering should we have a fixed amount for 10 years or should we have a flooding amount and buy off 50% of what we fixed the rates. So if we are at that point, we are getting close to it.
Sheldon Adelson: I don’t know, John. It’s Sheldon. I don’t know whether or not, our overall strategic approach to the Singapore market has an effect on it. Maybe you could figure it out. We think bets up to a billion Singapore dollars.
Sheldon Adelson: Guys who have change of a billion will pick that too. We -- that's what I said everybody when I get solicitation calls for charities. I say have you got a change of a billion. If you do, contribute. The point is I don’t know since nobody has ever done this before. Nobody has ever figured out the mathematics. If we think a billion -- a million dollar bet, a lot of million bets, now certainly not everybody does it and not every better will bet a million in every end. But it may have a direct impact on the percentage. Nobody has figured that out yet.
Sheldon Adelson: It is the most profitable building in the history of buildings. Not even the pyramids or any monumental but…
Sheldon Adelson: Yes, there has been. We don’t say to look at opportunities. The problem with that is we keep growing more than what we expect. We really haven’t stabilized because we continue to enjoy robust growth. And we certainly don’t want to sell it if we could get through 30, 35% growth potential of what we expect to the final year, it’s just doing very well and I am not sure that we could ever stabilize and slowdown the growth to the point where it stabilize until we open all the retails, so we have the Parisian retail, we have the Tropical Garden retail, that standalone mall which is the government is very excited about because they want our gaming development. It’s almost three times the size of the Parisian mall. So we’ll have quite a bit of retail connected without leaving an air-condition space. We just opened up I don’t know either it’s 16 mall retail shops of multiple levels in Sands Cotai Central, it’s still there, we can convert that almost any day that we want but there is no reason to sell it, one if we don’t need the money, and two it continues to grow at a much greater rate than what we can expect in a short-term after ramp (inaudible) and reinvesting the money. So we -- I think this I haven’t added up lately but there was $8 billion to $10 billion of profits coming out of the sale of the malls that is a very, very strong collaboration of the original business model that jumped up a long time ago. The problem with some of our competitors is somebody at Mandalay bay tried to copy our business model and convention-based market but they never got to retail of that. The retail and the partners, the retail itself because really pay the cost of our core assets of the hotel casino and luxury suites and entertainment. So (inaudible) where we continue to grow more than what we can reinvest the money too.
