Sheldon G. Adelson: Well, if you – look, it’s just 70 years of experience that I have in business. So, after I made that verbal prognostication, which very hard to do prognostications particularly of the future. And I said to the inquirer, the personals not to the newspaper but to the person who was asking questions of me that I thought we had either hit bottom in the mass market or we are bottoming out. Ever since I said I’ve been reading the issues, I’m been reading from analyst reports and from other Sands China reports that I get daily, other clippings that people are starting to believe that and some of the numbers put out and experienced through December and January indicate to me that that’s the case. It’s not the case with every operator, every one of the six, it is the case with us.
Sheldon G. Adelson: Yes. I’ve answered this question in previous earning calls that I don’t want to tell people what mistakes they’ve made because in case they expand, I don’t want my competitors to correct it. So all I could say is we think we’re doing it right and if they’re not going to expand like we will, then maybe they know something we don’t know or maybe they don’t know something that we do know.
Sheldon G. Adelson: Orchard Road according to the clippings was down across the board and Marina Bay Sands – the shops at Marina Bay Sands was up, were 100% rented and notwithstanding that the most popular street in all of Asia, Orchard Road in Singapore went down, the shops at Marina Bay Sands went up.
Sheldon G. Adelson: We continue to lobby in four countries; Japan, Korea, Vietnam, Thailand and the newly elected President or Prime Minister of Taiwan does not offer a lot of optimism for changing the previously approved Taiwan Strait legalizing gaming, enabling gaming in the Taiwanese Strait to the Mainland, which there was discussion of before. The current head of the government said – I don’t know which Prime Minister or President said that – at the clippings say that she is anti-gaming in our programming. So we’ll cross off Taiwan as a potential for the time being. But the Asians don’t move very fast. So we are watching if we have people in various places representing us and as soon as something happens there we’ll be right there paying attention to it. We are interested in Northern New Jersey but right now we don’t have though I’m interested in buying out a casino in Atlantic City. It looks like Atlantic City will – Atlantic City operators will have the first option to apply within 60 days with a plus – 1 billion or a plus program to open in Northern New Jersey. If that doesn’t work out or they don’t provide the components that non-Atlantic City operators can provide, it will be that the government will reach out outside of the Atlantic City operators. We feel that with a much focused – a convention focused marketing theme and development theme business model that we would be a prime candidate. You mentioned Brazil, we haven’t gone to Brazil but we’re contemplating doing that. We’re in touch with somebody down there who’s got a business going, some Americans and be knowing [ph] for many years. And so we’re going to look at that. But we have some concerns about inflation and about the currency and about the economy there. So we think it’s potentially a very good opportunity. And outside of that, we are interested in Atlanta. And I read a clipping recently last week that the state of Texas is interested in getting rid of the eight-liners, whatever they call them, of which there are tens if not hundreds of thousands of slots. They’re everywhere and the possibility if that exist that we would be a candidate for one of the main cities, maybe Dallas and Fort Worth or Houston which would be the leading candidates for us. So wherever there’s an opportunity, we’re looking at everything. We don’t miss one.
Sheldon G. Adelson: When the mass market comes into Macau, they don’t know about the currency exchange. They too transfer the RMB and it’s not an issue with the mass market. They’re not foreign exchange fixated. Yes, there are people who [indiscernible] and absolutely are fixated with foreign exchange, but those guys are in the VIP category. But the mass market, they earn so many Renminbi, it’s the same rate of about eighth to the U.S. dollar and they could buy MOP, the Macau currency or they could buy the Hong Kong currency and play with that. So, I don’t think that it has a big impact on the mass market.
Sheldon G. Adelson: 1.7, you’re going to understand coming from a poor family that I come from to have tens of billions of dollars property with debt, which I’m fundamentally debt adverse, at 1.7 times it’s like a fantasy to me. If I were younger I could have dreamt that if I knew that I ever achieve this, I could have dreamt about that. But I never dreamt that I could be down to 1.7 and some of our debt is at sub-2%. And I think the highest of our debt of our first lien properties like 2.5, something like that. So I’m extremely happy. And so I think we’re far away – and I’d be comfortable in my minimum level of comfort, which is still large is somewhere between 2.5 and 3 personally. But I’m going to listen to the Board of Directors.
Sheldon G. Adelson: We already got rid of a guy who used to have multimillion dollar losses on entertainment for major performers. We already got rid of him because he called those brand builders. We already have brand, so we don’t make those mistakes anymore.
Sheldon G. Adelson: Instead of listing all of those we can list a handful of things that are in our control. The government wants – I believe the government wants us to open as soon as we can.
Sheldon G. Adelson: That’s the indication that’s we’re getting but I think we will open – look, I haven’t discussed that in length with my staff but I’m personally thinking about the possibility of an early opening and partial opening. We just turned over 1,000 rooms to operations from the construction department to start installing furniture, fixtures and equipment, FF&E. It’s amazing that eight months before a scheduled opening, which we’re scheduling to September that we’re turning rooms over to the operations to provide the finishes and installing FF&E, it’s never happened before I don’t think in any property. And so our power in the rooms are going very well. So if we could finish a lot of those, maybe if the opportunity presents itself, maybe we could do a partial opening at summer time but our scheduled opening is mid-September. Now that could change because of weather, of our labor or the government. There’s no indication that there’s any major obstacle that the government is interested in putting in our place to prevent our opening. And I’ll just tell you that the reason we’re successful is because we’ve build something different and interesting. Beyond that, I won’t give anything because I once saw a movie about Houdini. It said that he didn’t disclose his secrets. So I’m taking a hint out of there.
Robert G. Goldstein: Running Las Vegas, Joe, is – I agree with you, the direction is positive. It’s an ADR RevPAR story more than a gaming story. We have 7,100 keys right now in this environment and we think we can do over $400 million here annually if the markets hold up. All the segments are performing well, the FIT wholesale and I think it’s been a strong year for the lodging side. Gaming is a mixed bag. We are very pleased with our mass slot and table business in the last quarter. We’re seeing softness in the high end premium because it emanates from China and Asia. My view is the market in Las Vegas feels good, feels favorable and it’s a RevPAR ADR lodging story more than anything else and visitation keeps climbing. I think Vegas is doing sale for too long and perhaps the market is responding favorably to the price – the price movement is in the right direction and good for everybody and we’re certainly participating. So we’re on line with you on that, we agree.
Robert G. Goldstein: Yes, we see it pretty simple. I was there last week and without commenting on other properties, the Parisian is unique. It emulates the theme approach of the Venetian, which as Shell alluded to was a $1 billion property. The Venetian might be the greatest return on invested capital in this industry. And the fact is we think being on Cotai has a mass product with the kind of elements and attractions that I think will appeal to mass Chinese visitors. I think it is unique. I think when you walk on the floor as I did and you see the room product and the mass product we’ve created there, it’s pretty special. I’d be really surprised if the Parisian doesn’t do very, very well out of the gate. It’s also on Cotai, which is our big positive as the migration moves from the peninsula to Cotai, it’s got that built-in advantage of having that. And I just think we have the ability with a theme product, with our margin focus, with our ability to be on Cotai will be 13,000 sleeping rooms on Cotai. The Parisian is part of the family of success on Cotai that I think will be very strong. But again, I think the physical product, when you walk through it and you see that Parisian look and feel, it feels lot like another version of Venetian which I think is an inherent advantage. It can’t be copied. So we feel very bullish about it. And with the opening of Win and Parisian next year that migration of revenue from peninsula to Cotai continues. So, yes, we feel very good about it and that’s our take. You also mentioned the possible Win delay. I don’t know any more than you do about the timing of Win Palace, so I think you have to ask the folks at Win about that. I just don’t know any more than I’ve read in the clippings. It sounds like they’re still shooting for a summer opening but I don’t know --
Robert G. Goldstein: No. We want to open as soon as we can. We believe the product will do very well, the sooner the better and it won’t delay our opening at all. We plan to be open as soon as we can. If that’s September, October, whenever it is, we’ll open the doors.
Robert G. Goldstein: We’ll keep trying but I think the bulk of the cost savings are there for you to see. I’m not sure where else we can – we can continue to be judicious about spend, we can look at all the areas from marketing, entertainment, payroll, gaming reinvestment OpEx, non-gaming OpEx. And obviously everything is on the table but we did 250 all-in this year and we just want to keep moving in that direction. But we are hoping for a growth in gaming revenues to make it best challenging on the cost side. So we feel very good what the teams achieved this year and we’ll just keep looking for more. But again the lion’s share is there.
Robert G. Goldstein: Well, we’re six years into operation and I think the mall numbers there just keep getting better. We’re very, very pleased with how it’s performed. On a currency adjustment basis, it’s up again and about 7% both in profit and sale. So feel really bullish. I was there last week and the mall has pretty much been re-merchandized by our retail team in a very favorable way. I think there’s some softness in the Singapore retail market but we’re not feeling it. Both our luxury and our mass sales are up and feel very good about it. And it just keeps getting better and that’s our take on Singapore retail.
Robert G. Goldstein: One follow-up comment to Sheldon about New Jersey. We’d very much be interested if they weren’t real multibillion dollars worth to create bona fide tours and MICE opportunities and not just simply overtaxed slot bonds, we don’t do that. But if that opportunity is there, we’d be keenly interested.
Robert G. Goldstein: Shaun, it’s Rob. My sense is that – we really can’t discern that at this point. Our fourth quarter our mass revenues are fine, our retail spend was pretty good relative to the market. I think it’s early to tell. I think it’s more – my personal belief it’s more economic concerns if people who are gambling in Macau felt more comfortable or felt they’re going to do well financially. It’s like any place in the world. You gamble based on what you expect your earning ability to be. I think it’s too early to make that decision about RMB and customers. I think we are seeing Macau get stronger but I think it’s really the key thing for most of our customers is how – well, I heard more people in the last week is how is my job, how is my business, how is the economy doing? That seems to be the focal point.
Robert G. Goldstein: The biggest number is payroll, Carlo, and the second biggest number would be marketing, entertainment costs. The third biggest number would be non-gaming OpEx, about 20%. And the smallest will be gaming reinvested in OpEx. So it’s kind of evenly divided among those four categories. As a reference to Felicia, I don’t know if we’ve got a whole lot more room to grow in those cost areas. At some point you start cutting into the muscle instead of the fat but we’re comfortable we can maintain it and we’re continuing to probe for more opportunities. A lot of people have taken on the entertainment and other issues. We used to run first in Macau. We’re happy to see control of those areas and be a ticket buyer versus an entertainment purchaser. So, we’re a little more conservative. I think we – again, the majority is out of the business now. So I wouldn’t look for whole lot more growth as far as cost cutting. And also I should reference that we’re carrying an awful lot of people and dollars being spent on payroll as we move into the Parisian. That will be a big shift away from the operating side, the overhead SCL once Parisian opens up in the fall.
Robert G. Goldstein: Robin, I was there with a number of the junket groups last week. I do think there’s sufficient liquidity and I do think we’ve got sufficient gaming capacity because we’re going to increase our – I saw the count this morning. We feel like it’s a good run up as far as room bookings and reservations, lodging and casino for Chinese New Year and we do think the junkets – the ones that are still standing and we met with some of the top people the last week. We feel actually they’re in pretty good shape and there’s sufficient liquidity. Obviously, some have folded. I think more will fold later this year. But the people we’re doing business with, we’re very comfortable with and those who have stopped doing business are paying their bills and performing admirably, so feel good about that.
