Robert G. Goldstein: Shaun, it's Rob. Obviously, we're pleased at SCC, the numbers. It'll end up being the third property in the LVS portfolio to exceed $1 billion of annual EBITDA in the future. But we believe there's considerable room to grow the business. SCC, as you know, has almost 6,000 hotel rooms on Cotai, and at this point, there's 200 less mass table games at SCC versus The Venetian. So in the spring, we open up our premium mass offering of 75 more games. So we believe the story at SCC is just beginning. It's in its infancy from my perspective. We believe the potential growth there is material for a lot of reasons. But in answer to your question, we're obviously happy with our win-per-unit. The margin driver there is the mass table business and that has grown immeasurably. We're almost at the industry lead there in Cotai, and yet we only have less than 300 games. So the margins at SCC are predicable and when you have a focus like we do and a room base, and as you know, the most important predictor of gaming habit is where you sleep, and most people sleep with us because we have the most rooms. So I think Sands Cotai Central, although we're very, very pleased with the performance this quarter, it has a lot of room to grow, well beyond the current number. You referenced Four Seasons, and again, we're pleased with Four Seasons. After the re-segmentation, our junket performance there is exceptional, it always has been. But I think also for the first time, we're getting strong results out of the premium mass segment. We have over 60 games or so there now, not sure about the exact number. But the key at Four Seasons is to get the proper mix between junket. We are very strong proponents of both segments, the junket mix and the mass table mix or premium mass table mix. Four Seasons is highly desirable for consumer in Cotai. And again, we've got that right this quarter, but to get to our goal of $500-plus million of annualized EBITDA, we've got to keep working on our mix and keep working on that, use the rooms and the team there is very focused on that. So we're very pleased with both SCC and Four Seasons, but we think both stories are in the infancy, and there's considerable growth in the future for those properties.
Robert G. Goldstein: Well, I think you know that our focus in Singapore has migrated over to the foreign visitations, and that includes more rooms to the premium mass customer who comes to that property. We're still running 60%-plus margins in that segment. We're delighted with our progress there. As you know, we've spoken in previous calls about the challenge in Singapore, vis-a-vis visitation of locals. Our team there is very focused on driving our foreign visitation. We're up over 46% year-on-year in that segment. That segment does require sleeping rooms. The casinos pay for those rooms, so that is somewhat -- the hotel benefit, so its a yin and yang on that. But the truth is that we want to keep driving more foreign visitation, premium mass. As you know, we're at 4 or 5 a day. Our goal is to get to 5 million a day. That's where the growth resides in Singapore for us. So it may drive a few points of margin here and there, but at the end of the day, if we get that number to 5 million a day, the overall EBITDA in that property will accelerate quite a bit.
Robert G. Goldstein: The commissions on the VIP are consistent with -- were not escalating commissions, they remained the same. The Rolling Volume was $13.75. As for RevPAR, I think RevPAR was pretty close to the $400 number because of the -- Mr. Adelson said we were all virtually full, and we had a $401 U.S. average rate, so RevPAR was almost at the $400 level.
Robert G. Goldstein: You're exactly right. The market was driven by local and now we're moving towards more of a foreign visitation market and to get our casino win, the premium mass, beyond the 4.2, 4.4, 4.5 a day, our focus has been on foreign visitation, which obviously acquires fly-in customers and rooms. So we're buying more rooms from the hotel and that may have an adverse effect, a point or 2 in the margins.
Robert G. Goldstein: Actually, we paid more in the casino segment than any other segment there is. We pay the highest rates to the hotel from the casino side.
Robert G. Goldstein: Yes. I said, in Singapore our foreign visitation, premium mass, is up 46%, in that segment. The driver of our success in Singapore, in the premium mass segment, is foreign visitation. Because, as you know, we have challenges in local visitation. So the growth there is material. I didn't reference this, but we're thrilled to see the non-Guangdong visitation into Macau actually bypassing Guangdong visitation. So with our room base, that's a very positive thing for us. They stay longer, come from further away and require sleeping rooms. So Sheldon's 9,000 sleeping rooms in Cotai turned out to be a pretty good idea. And as that accelerates and the infrastructural improvements continue, I think we'll see more demand for those rooms. So that foreign visitation, from non-Guangdong, is the Macau driver for us.
Robert G. Goldstein: Okay, both are very important. Let's be clear, you can't do one without the other. The key to our success has been this room concentration. I think, again, going back 2 years ago when we built these large projects and people were questioning the approach, but today we look at the relative table versus room relationship, it's obviously clear that we have a huge advantage by all those sleeping rooms. So tables, you have to have the tables, and obviously, that's an issue in Macau. But never forget how important the sleeping rooms are, and with the table caps, tables are more valuable than ever, but the sleeping room equivalent -- that sleeping room piece of the puzzle is evident every day as we go forward. And our success in Macau, we keep growing our table games, our mass tables are over 1,000 now, but we can do that because we have the sleeping rooms to drive that revenue. So they're related beyond anyone's comprehension years ago.
Robert G. Goldstein: The other thing I'll just mention, on top of Sheldon's comments, one more thing. The size of the facility, there's obviously a table cap and obviously sleeping rooms are a challenge for the market, but The Venetian and our larger buildings, the SCC, afford us the ability to add more ETG units and capitalize on the huge size of these buildings. And a lot of [indiscernible] capacity, so that's another opportunity for us to keep adding more ETGs and growing our business that way.
Robert G. Goldstein: Robin, it's Rob. We've always aspired to get a higher percentage of our $1.1 billion in Singapore, reserved in the 30s and beyond. So we're very pleased where prices are going. As you know, we're at 32% on $1,119,000,000. Comfortable with it. I think we're being conservative and are going to keep that approach because they make sense for us. As you know it's a challenging -- collecting money in Singapore has always been something essentially, we [indiscernible]. We feel it's difficult, we're in Singapore. It's difficult because we are dealing with mostly Mainland Chinese customers. So we feel good about the reserve and we feel good about the level of collections we have accelerated.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: You better yield the floor. We'd like to keep the questions to 2 per person. You could come back again later if we have more time.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: There's a big coincidence of events, we have a huge multi-tens of billions of train infrastructure built or being built, bringing in more people. We have, in 3 years or less, the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau airport opening up, that will give Macau essentially a very mature, very highly-patronized international airport. It's a very, very unique position. So the more people come in and the table cap sit, the more win per table per day we're going to experience. So we could see it's already happening. So we can go from say, $11,000 or $12,000 [indiscernible] $13,000 per table in mass. It will go up to $13,000, $14,000, $15,000, $17,000, $20,000. It could go higher. So with the limit on table caps and just more people coming in, we're going to have a lot more win per day.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: They're focusing on -- this is Sheldon. They're focusing on 2 things. One, the Integrated Resort model out of Singapore. They're focusing on the social protections, like perhaps the $100 admission fee, a levy; and secondly, they're focusing on conventions. There's no company in the world that has the convention experience like we do. Anybody, any journalist, any analyst, anybody in the politics, in government, says that the frontrunner by far in the close position is Las Vegas Sands Corporation, because we're the experts in both of what they're looking for. They're looking to create tourism. Our Integrated Resorts, in the first 24 months, increased tourism in Singapore by 41%. They generally acknowledge, we have changed Las Vegas with our business model and convention base. We changed Macau, everybody in the government would acknowledge that. We've changed Singapore, and we can easily change any other city in which we have a MICE focus, MICE-based business model. So everybody says we're in the close [ph] position there. We hope we're in the close [ph] position. I think that we may have a -- caught between a rock and a hard place, meaning we think that Tokyo wants us and Osaka wants us. So we've notified both governments, we're happy to accommodate them.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: You always need building permits. So we always put in a caveat when we talk about a schedule, assuming building permits come on a timely basis, and in Macau, they have come on a timely basis. But I'd rather issue a caveat to say, subject to the government acting the way they've always acted, giving us building permits on a timely basis. If I said that, but frankly, I don't recall that. But there is no specific approvals. We know that they're planning to give out tables and the last thing I heard was everybody's not going to be as happy with the table allocation as everybody would like to be, and that's -- we'll have to live with that, we think we're in a better position. Our competitors aren't going to do any better than we have. And we have -- since everybody, all 6 concessionaires, the primary concessionaires and the sub-concessionaires, which we're one, has the opportunity. Everybody's put in for the same number of tables for this, and if they keep the table cap at exactly where they are, we'll get them and we hope we'll get enough tables. And we'll take the lower-performing tables from other properties, which I think the government is counting on for everybody. There'll be no advantage except we're putting up almost as many rooms as the average of the other 5 concessionaires -- the average of 2 of them, because they're averaging 1,500 to 1,700. And we're in the process of building the St. Regis, and we're putting another 400, 500 rooms there, which is the fourth building on Sands Cotai Central. We don't see any obstacles there.
Michael Alan Leven: I don't think, Tom, this is Michael. We're not going to be opportunistic. We're committing to buy a minimum of $75 million worth of stock a month. And if it does become an opportunity to buy it at lower price, we can put in more money if we wish. But at this point our commitment is to buy $75 million a month until the $1.6 billion that's available under our agreement to buy $2 billion is used.
Michael Alan Leven: There hasn't been a discussion at this point, about a special dividend. That'll be discussed towards the end of the year. At this point, we can't really answer that question.
Michael Alan Leven: Sure. Carlos, it's Mike. Japan would obviously be the most expensive investment we've ever made from a single property standpoint. The estimates range anywhere from $6 billion in Tokyo and up. There's been some comments, recently, about construction costs going up in Japan because of the Olympics. So it's likely to potentially run higher than that. In Korea, we would not expect to spend that kind of money at all, would probably be less than the Singapore property and significantly less than Japan. In countries like Vietnam, we'd expect lower construction cost there because labor and construction are both lower. And if, per chance, Taiwan would take place, it will probably look like something like Korea. So we're pretty well in touch, through our development department, in every one of those places to understanding the exact economics involved from a construction standpoint. What we don't know in Japan is what the tax rates will be or in any of these other countries at this point. So we can't estimate the bottom line. But we can, in fact, estimate not only construction, but cost of operation, which we're doing all the time.
Michael Alan Leven: Yes. Our CapEx, on an annual basis, for the products we have today, represents close to $500 million annually. That CapEx is divided into property maintenance, which essentially is keeping the products where they are, and a combination of other investments which involve profit opportunities that we find within the properties to upgrade. The present plans are to spend approximately that money on an annual basis.
Michael Alan Leven: I'll answer that question. Rob only cares about how much is being played at the tables. I take care of the labor with Chris. The answer to that question is, that from a dealer standpoint, there will be Macanese dealers and Macanese croupiers. That's what the government wants and that's what we intend to do. All the comments that have gone on in the last month about that have caused a lot of uproar in the local community in Macau. I don't think anybody, including us, is prepared to venture away from those rules at all, and the government assures us that we'll have enough people available at the time when we have more tables and more situations, and we will follow the rules directly on that area.
Michael Alan Leven: Harry, as far as the ownership structure, we do not have any news at all, about partnerships or what have you, at this point. There's been some rumors in the market about having a Japanese partner, all the way to Japanese majority that I've seen in print, but there's nothing that our people on the ground know about any significant, really, indication as to what the Japanese ownership, if any, would be at this particular point in time. On the legislation, you probably know the same things we know. They're talking about, by December, having the first phase of the legislation done. Our best knowledge, today is, we're not sure. It could be December, it could be January. All the press has been favorable, but Japan has been trying this for many, many years and it's not really -- we really just can't predict when that legislation will happen. And then there's talk about a year to 2 after the legislation, lots of talk now, about 1 year, before a final decision. But once again, that is not known either. So at this point, we're optimistic. I think everyone is optimistic that Japan will do something, but at the end of the day, I don't think anybody is able to really predict it.
