Grant Chum: We're well awake, yes. Thank you, Rob. Yes. Good morning, good afternoon, everyone. Yes. I mean, October was the first time since January that we've seen significant real business volumes in patronage. And as Mr. A mentioned in his opening remarks, premium mass has been the strongest segment by far, and that is really across all of the different tiers of premium mass. The patrons returning first to Macao are the high-quality, high-frequency customers. I think that reflects the pent-up demand that these guests have, and these are the ones who are used to staying overnight in Macao. They are used to having multiple-night stays in Macao, enjoying the destination, and these are the first customers to come back, and that's natural. In terms of the question about where we are on the volumes and profitability, I mean, principally based on the premium mass recovery, October month to date, our Non-Rolling drop per day is just over $20 million. That's about 30% of last year's level. And at this level of Non-Rolling drop, we are able to achieve and we are achieving a slight positive EBITDA month to date based on current cost structure and the business mix. I think what's particularly encouraging, to Joe's question about what's happening, after Golden Week, we had the expected lull in the second week of October, but then we saw a very notable rebound in the third week. In fact, in the third week, we are actually still averaging around or just under $20 million drop per day as well. So as Mr. A said, we are well onto that trajectory, and we hope we can maintain that. I think in tandem with the premium mass recovery, we've seen a resurgence in the retail mall sales, and that's especially true in the Four Seasons, in the Luxury Retail segment. The retail recovery actually began in September and has continued into October. In fact, some of our – a number of our top first-line brands within the Four Seasons mall is actually up year-on-year in terms of the retail tenant sales in the first two weeks of October. And obviously, in conjunction with that, at the Four Seasons, we've just opened the Grand Suites for Four Seasons. And these suites have received exceptional [indiscernible]. I think this is exactly the right product for this Premium Mass segment structurally. But also at this point in time, I think these Chinese consumers are looking for higher quality, looking for the premium experiences and also, obviously, in this time, an increased amount of personal space. So we're very happy of how that product has come through and, in fact, is really one of our best-performing hotels, if not the best-performing hotels, in October. The question on the other segments, I think base mass certainly is relatively low in terms of traffic right now. As you know, the overall visitation in Macao remains relatively low. And as Rob referenced, there are, obviously, impediments. Some are real, some are perceived, some more to do with awareness in terms of the policies. But obviously, there are some real logistical challenges relating to the COVID testing, as well as the visa application. But as the awareness builds, as the word of mouth spreads, as some of these visa application processes are shortened and become more abbreviated, some of these logistical challenges will be overcome or mitigated and we're confident that the base mass will follow as visitation recovers. As for the VIP segment, obviously, that's been slower in terms of the recovery. That's expected. A lot of those issues are well documented. But we are also seeing a reasonable amount of play coming through in that segment in October as well. So I hope that gives you some color on the October month.
Grant Chum: Actually, the vast majority of the volumes and the room bookings are from non-Guangdong, but that ratio is actually consistent with what we saw in the past. So this is not out of the ordinary. Majority of the volume comes from outside of Guangdong, and that was the case in October already. But your question is still well made in the sense that, in the first week of October, I mean, a lot of these customers from outside of Guangdong either didn't have time to get the visa or they didn't want to leave their planning to such a last-minute time frame. So they already made alternative plans. So the nationwide visa resumption only occurred or started in September 23. So that really was not sufficient time or window for a lot of the customers to feel that they could confidently get the visa before Golden Week before the office is shutdown again for the holidays. So in that sense, we should hopefully be seeing the non-Guangdong visitation improve as the awareness and the logistics challenges are met and some of these people have time to get the visa to come to Macao.
Grant Chum: Sure. I think when the Guangdong visas resumed, I think most of the offices were operating on the physical application process and not using the kiosks. As the rest of the country has reopened for these applications, we see a variety – it's not uniform because different provinces have different procedures, and they always have had. So there are some significant provinces and cities where you can get a same-day application. But most of the others, I would say, range from – the manual process takes anywhere between three working days to seven working days, but there are a number of them that have a shorter application period. And then, I think going forward, hopefully, obviously, this gets smoothed out. And I think this is just part of the initial – I think quite rightly the authorities are cautious, and I think that's the right thing to do in the face of the pandemic, that we don't necessarily want a huge surge of people into Macao in a short space of time at the beginning.
Grant Chum: Sure. I think some of the challenges in that segment are well documented. The segment has been slower to recover in this initial stage of the recovery. But at the same time, as you quite rightly referenced, it's not a significant part of our business, only 4% of our contribution in 2019. And in the meantime, we have, obviously, very strong performance in the premium end of premium mass both across gaming and retail.
Grant Chum: Sure. Yes. I don't particularly see it as a demand issue. I think there are some issues specifically relating to that segment. But I think one contextual point is you have to remember that the system is – consists of the working capital cycle in that segment. And what we've had in 2020 is a seven-month, eight-month complete disruption of that business and that ecosystem with all the working capital issues associated with that. So we've never had that level of – essentially, the business stopped everywhere. But obviously, for that segment, given the particular dynamics, it's particularly damaging. So I think you're seeing some of the aftereffect of that disruption. But obviously, as gaming activity resumes and demand resumes, you hope that some of these issues will evolve in a positive way.
Grant Chum: Yes. Actually, it's business as usual. We don't see anything out of the ordinary. Yes, this is not really a business where people are going to go out and do silly things. I think it's pretty rational right now.
Grant Chum: Yes. Hi, Robin, yes, I think we should clarify that there's always been a prohibition on gambling on Mainland China and solicitation of gambling in Mainland China. And I think those rules and regulations are well understood by market participants. And I think that's the way it should remain. I think the currency issue, I mean, these are big, big issues. We're not in a position to opine on that. But obviously, the market has been operating without any issues for so many years, and we don't see any particular issues in that regard as the market starts to come back. But obviously, like everyone else, we'll watch with great interest the evolution of the system.
Grant Chum: Yes. Well, I think the way you have to look at it, and it refers back to what Rob said, what a great job I think the governments in China and the local government in Macao have done in terms of controlling the pandemic. But one result of that is, I think, each step of relaxation is handled very cautiously. So I think it's more the case that we need the passage of time where we can see that everything is working in order and there are no issues arising from people movements of large numbers. And I think your point about do they move from manual to kiosks, I mean, we already do have feedback from customers and consumers that, in different parts of China, you do have a much more abbreviated application process. So I think this will work its way out assuming that everything remains in order as it relates to the control of the pandemic.
Grant Chum: Yes. I think the first point is what Rob said earlier, that this is a product-driven market. And I don't know, it's hard for us to convey to you over the phone just how excited we are about the products that we are about to bring on. And of course, we have brought some of that on already through the Four Seasons, the new hotel at the Four Seasons. But obviously, the bigger piece will be the comprehensive product that we're going to put out there through the Londoner Macao. And I think when you think about the construction progress we've made there, obviously, we've taken full advantage of the pandemic cessation of some of this business in the SCC side, and we've accelerated much of our programming as a result of that. And I think when we see the segments that are recovering chiefly through premium mass, we really feel very good about the natural rollout progressively of a number of these new products. And that will start potentially toward the end of this year and will move on to the rest of the resort during the course of 2021. But we're very, very excited about what we're about to bring onto the market.
Robert Goldstein: I think one is – maybe to point out to what Grant was saying, was I think the nice thing – it may not be important to our overall business but in terms of the synergies. But clearly, it is important to liquidity to marketplace. And I think what's nice to see is that the first segment out-of-box to recover has been premium mass. So there's speculation that it may be band-aided by liquidity issues. And what we're seeing in retail, I think Grant mentioned the strength of the retail premium; I was talking to our retail team this morning. It's hard to imagine that in this environment, our top six net new retailers – I won't name any names – and you imagine the French and Italian luxury brands are up year-on-year in total sales, which is kind of astounding. It shows the strength and liquidity of that premium mass segment, and it reflects both the gaming and the retail appetite. I think it's very exciting to realize that that segment is back, and that speaks to our Four Seasons and our Londoner. But also, when the day comes when they do lessen the restrictions and make it more accessible to base mass, you've got the two most important segments delivering. I think it's nice to see the current situation, premium mass, and perhaps the base mass is not too far down the road.
Robert Goldstein: Yes, I've got to say this, and I'm saying the obvious, but I'm going to say it anyway. The aging customers, at least, our industry has the highest offense in the world. It's been that way for decades, and it will be that way for decades to come. I don't think the demand – the appetite of the consumer has diminished whatsoever. Obviously, the capital cycle's in jeopardy right now and will take time to adapt. But we've had this issue in the past years and back in 2014, and we know two things are intact. Demand remains intact, and that's a fact. And at some point, capital will become available again. I wouldn't count that segment out. It may be in a very, very tough spot right now. But again, demand will be there, and eventually, we'll figure out the supply on the capital side. We feel highly confident that's a fact.
Robert Goldstein: I would add one thing, though, that I think we all agree on, and that is that this market has not been irrational in the past, but it has proven to be very, very susceptible to great products. And I do think our new Four Seasons product; our Londoner product will prove to be very, very advantageous in the years ahead. As we move back toward our quest for $4 billion annual EBITDA, those products are going to take front and center. And that's what drives this premium mass customer, not silly incentives and poor marketing. Great product wins the day over there, and we feel highly confident we have built an aesthetic product that will be very appealing to this customer.
Robert Goldstein: Sure. We still see some bright spots in the Vegas market vis-à-vis convention and group business. There's demand, and there's some recent – it's there in the market because some of these large shows still want to come in Q1. We have a couple of major impediments that I don't know how we're going to correct them. One is, as you know, the governor has imposed group restrictions and size restrictions. So it's very difficult to overcome that. We're hoping to he'll revisit those restrictions and enable the market to talk to some of these large shows. The second issue, of course, is airlift. Airlift is still not near pre-COVID levels. So that's a challenge. But I think to the positive side, we're getting calls from the group market. We're getting inquiries from people from all different parts of group market saying we want to come back and we're looking at this month, that month, throughout – scattered throughout the year, I guess, there's three things. The governor will revisit his restrictions, and that's pivotal. The airlift – most of these people require airlift. It's not drive-in business. I think that will come back when the market demand is there. And the third thing, I think, to really fully populate the market with group demand again is a change in – a catalyst to change how the consumer views being in a place with 30,000, 40,000, 50,000 people. It's obvious in Vegas that the weekend leisure market is surging, and we could probably get to 95% right now if we let it happen. We cap ours in the 65%, 70% range to keep Las Vegas safe, etcetera. But the leisure demand for Las Vegas weekend is very strong, not as much midweek, which has always been reliant upon more group. Also gaming, as you know, has come back to probably, I don't know, 75%, 80% of pre-COVID. So there's some bright spots. But to your point, that's what's really pivotal – the delta agreed in Las Vegas. We've got to see group come back. And there's just some impediments despite the demand, which seems to be growing. We get more calls every day for the group market, and people are itching to come back and be here. So I think both very large conventions, as well as small tech groups. That appears to be across-the-board demand is reoccurring for next year for 2021. And it's probably soft in April, May, June, and then, goes up the balance of the year.
Robert Goldstein: I'm really not going to answer that question, with all due respect. I think it's – first of all, I don't know if there's a good answer anyone can give you since we don't have insight to the Chinese perspective. But I'm going to pass on that, respectfully. I don't know if Sheldon wants to weigh in, but I think that's the question I'll pass on.
Robert Goldstein: Do you want Singapore and Las Vegas? So in Las Vegas, I think things have – I'm not sure it's a seasonal issue. We're in a different place right now. I think it's not about summer versus fall. I think it's pretty much staying stable. But I'm curious to see what happens in the winter if the leisure business holds up as strongly. But I think things are staying where they're at until there's some type of a catalyst. I mean, we did see leisure travel, I think, getting stronger on weekends, not as strong midweek. I still think the airlift thing is very, very difficult to overcome. We still are operating as a regional market. I don't see how – like, the group business, I think there will be increasing demand, but how it'll get here and can it get here with the governmental restrictions. So I don't see a lot of change in Las Vegas for us until there's a change structurally and the governor's position, the airline position and the willingness again of consumers. I think people coming here on weekends and sitting in a room is one thing. But when they come with a 30,000 group convention or they come and watch a 20,000-seat hockey game, I don't know how people think about those kinds of large gatherings. So I think Vegas stays where it's at. I think that there's going to be demand, but we've got to change some things structurally to get people in the buildings. So that's Vegas. We're very encouraged with what's happening in MBS. We made some money this quarter, as you see. I think that will continue to grow. The growth in MBS will be contingent upon a few variables. For example, just in our building, we'll grow from 1,500 current slot machines to 2,000 as of the first of the year. The win per unit there is extraordinary. And that's driven mostly not by – people think it's a locals market, not really. It's a locals market for residents, Singapore residents. It's a very different thing because what we do mention – say that it's foreigners who achieve status as a permanent resident. That's probably the big driver of our very strong slot ETG win, not as strong on the table side, where the market is not as favorable with local residents. We need some airlift there. The other encouraging thing happening in Singapore, as you know, is the recent development with the Hong Kong airlift situation in the governments. We're very fortunate the government in Singapore is so proactive and recognized we need to rejuvenate our industry and its economy. That deal with between Cathay and Sing Air, I think, is very favorable. It bodes well for other jurisdictions to open up. The big catalyst for Singapore growth, obviously, is foreign travel, foreign visitation. That's necessitated by airlift, and that's lacking. But again, Malaysia, Indonesia, Japan, etcetera, Vietnam, as those markets open up, Singapore could easily grow from, right now, $25 million, $35 million a month to maybe $50 million or $75 million a month and keep going. It really depends on getting the airlift community for foreign visitation. We are comfortable in making money in Singapore. It's growing. October, Golden Week is – the business keeps continuing to feel better. It feels stronger. But the change will only happen there in a step-change way when you have access by air travel, obviously. And we're hopeful that in this quarter, we'll see some more developments, and we'll see even further as – again, unlike the U.S., the COVID situation appears to be pretty stable in most countries in Asia. So it makes us hopeful that more people will open their borders up and allow air travel. And that will drive Singapore back to the levels we're comfortable with.
Robert Goldstein: It's not quite sure. We're not going to break out percentages as it relates to the profitability coming out of China into Singapore. But I will say it's a very important market for us. So there's no arguing that it's fundamental to our growth and our success as is most countries in Asia depending on China visitation. So it's – but we'll keep it at a very macro level. As far as – it's a double-edged sword, as I referenced, because I think it's very, very helpful in Macao that – the Chinese consumer. One of the reasons our retail business from the high end is booming according to our people on the ground is that they can't fly to France or the U.S. or wherever they travel to and buy their luxury goods. So they're buying it at home. And then, you see the surging retail numbers and the growth in the economy coming out of China. China's back to a pretty good place. Growth, I think, is back, and the renminbi is strong. And China is doing very well compared to the rest of the world, including the COVID situation. So that bodes very, very well. Once we can get inside the bubble, of the China bubble on the containment, I think our business in Macao is going to be just fine and dandy quickly. It's not so positive for Macao – I mean, for Singapore because there may be a hesitation of the meeting country to air travel. And I'm speculating, but we don't have any incoming out of China right now as far as opening up the balance of not just Singapore but Asia, Japan, Thailand, etcetera. So it will be helpful because demand in both gaming, retail, leisure travel will probably be very strong in Macao as those IVS and COVID barriers come down. And hopefully, it will come down because the health situation in both Macao and Mainland China is very positive. So it's very helpful in Macao, no question, and probably not as helpful in Singapore.
Robert Goldstein: I believe so. I think Macao – the countries are very – China is the market for Macao. China is in a very favorable position. I referenced earlier in the call the renminbi, the economy, the safety of COVID. They've done a great job and a sustainable recovery over there. And it feels that it's going to be transferred to Macao in the near future. I just don't know when. But I feel very good about the prospects in Macao in the future and hopefully in the near future. But we don't know. Again, it's not within our control. But I think the government took it slowly, and we got to hand it to the governments in China and Macao. They've been very – it's been frustrating, but they're taking it slow and you see them opening gradually. We see the recovery in premium mass with base mass to follow and probably junket after that. So Macao, I think, recovers quicker. Having said that, I, for the first time, feeling, Vegas has some bright spots, and we feel some – there's definitely leisure customer weekends, and it's packed here on the weekends, much more than had been previously. It's not so favorable midweek. But again, there's always a group area of strength. And we're seeing group calls. I mean, our team is getting response. People want to come back to Las Vegas. It just I think, takes longer. And as you referenced, I pray there's a vaccine for all of us. I do think that's the tipping point. The U.S. has to get healthy. We still have, what, 70,000 people affected one day last week. It's still staggering, the level of what's happening. So until people feel safe, they're not coming to Vegas. But when they do, they're going to come back, and we're very confident. But if I'm to make a bet, I'd bet on Macao, much quicker of a recovery than Las Vegas. Vegas has some challenges, where Macao just has to have that barrier come down and let people come in. That's all there is.
Robert Goldstein: No, I couldn't agree more. I think we're lucky that they're thinking long-term. It's frustrating for all of us who want it to happen yesterday. We want so badly to see this market open back up. We want to get back on track. And it's frustrating. But I think the comments of guys in Macao, it's going to pay off long-term with long sustainable growth and back to a better environment. It's hard for us in here to accept it without getting antsy. But I think when those restrictions are lifted or revisited, I think it'd be great for all of us.
Robert Goldstein: I just want to add one comment. We had the SCC for years. It was not a great product. It didn't deliver. And here, we've redone this product with 6,000 rooms and suites; a casino, if you can see it, the images are spectacular, a redone retail environment with the epicenter of the Cotai Strip across from the powerhouse, which is The Venetian, twice the key count. I don't think we couldn't be more excited to see it get fully open and operational. David Beckham will cut the key, and Sheldon will be over there hopefully to do this with him, and I think it's going to be an extraordinary product. And we think of how our products perform in the Macao it won't be a very underwhelming product to the one competitive to, I think, The Venetian. And we just we just can't wait to get back in Macao and see the impact. The same with the Four Seasons, which is now open, this is quite a product. And I think our future is tied to – not to overextending giveaways and promotions, but building great product that the customers in Macao come to. So we couldn't be more – I'm just very excited about the prospects of our new developments in Macao.
Patrick Dumont: Hey, it's Patrick. I think what we said before in prior calls is consistent, that we view capital deployment pretty consistently and so that we have a very high return threshold. When that original commentary was made by the Chairman, it was really regarding certain conditions that existed really before all the stimulus went into the market. And I think where we are today is we are very focused on maintaining our investments in our existing markets. We've deployed a lot of capital in the last 12 months into these markets. As Grant and Rob mentioned, you're starting to see the benefits in the return of premium mass in Macao today and these very high-value investments. And we're also looking to maintain liquidity to ensure that we have the ability to take advantage of opportunities in the future. So I think we're looking around. I think we're optimistic about the future of our key markets. If an M&A opportunity comes up, we'll look at it. But again, our return thresholds are very high. And as of right now, there's nothing that's really compelling. So we'll continue to deploy capital in our markets and hopefully get the continued high returns that we've been seeing previously in these markets, but no M&A as of right now.
Patrick Dumont: Hey, it's Patrick. I think return of capital has been a cornerstone for our shareholder value creation program. And I think we're very focused on getting back to being a dividend payer. You've heard our Chairman say "yay dividends" many times. I think he feels – still feels that way. I think the company is very motivated to grow its cash flow beyond where it was in 2019 and ultimately return to being a dividend payer. But I think the key thing right now is that we're in the early stages of recovery of COVID, and we are going to see how that trajectory goes before we make a determination about return of capital. We're very focused on growing the business back and exceeding the prior levels, and we'll evaluate where things are at that time as things progress and make an assessment about sort of dividend payouts at that time.
Patrick Dumont: And if I could just – hey it's Patrick, if I could just add one comment. I think it's an important thing to note that in Singapore, things really were opened in a phased way after the circuit breaker. And so we really didn't have our full hotel towers until August 1. And I think the other thing that's important to note is it did ramp across the quarter. So Singapore is slowly resuming operations in a more normal way, and we are starting to see the benefits of that as we resume the profitability. And so it was a ramp across the quarter in Singapore, and the trajectory is positive.
