Robert Glen Goldstein: Hey, Joe. It's Rob. Sheldon stepped out for just a second. He'll be back. I'm sure he'd like to answer the question, but I'll give you my take on that. I think the, March was obviously disappointing. We had a really great January, February. March certainly softened up. Worldwide, I think Chinese tourism and consumer numbers are pretty depressing across the globe. And certainly, it was a little bit soft than we hoped in Macao. That was not the case in Singapore, but in Macao, we saw a downturn. But we feel great. Cumulatively in the quarter, our mass revenues, both our premium and the mass-mass side continued to grow. We had some margin pressure, as you see, Q-on-Q, but we feel like the numbers – really, our quarter-on-quarter or year-on-year, our mass numbers, which we think is the most pivotal metric in Macao in terms of GGR continues to grow. I think, if anything, we're encouraged by the first quarter and the year-on-year comps. March was a – we hope was an aberration and we'll see a return with their April, May and June. Sheldon, like I said, stepped out for a second, but that's – I think it's a pretty clear take that we believe there is stability. We believe we might even see growth, but clearly, it was a challenging March.
Robert Glen Goldstein: Well, you could make the argument either way, couldn't you? You could argue they had more time to absorb, you could argue the impact of the Wynn Palace on top of The Parisian could be a very powerful catalyst for the market. There's no way to handicap that perfectly. I have a funny feeling that Wynn will be an inflection point to the market as will Parisian, and I think opening them within the same 30 days or 40 days isn't going to matter a whole lot. So, you wait until November or you wait until December, what's that mean? Not a whole lot. I'm a believer that these two products are unique. They're pretty special. I'm hoping they turn the corner a bit. I don't want to be Pollyanna-ish and think that the day's going to turn around, but I think I have a lot of confidence in what Steve Wynn's building and a lot of confidence with Mr. Adelson's building. So, I believe these two products might be the inflection point to the market, and we're actually eager to open The Parisian. I walked through it not too long ago. It's a wonderful product. It's mass driven, lots of sleeping rooms, very eye-catching, very similar in mindset to the themed concept of The Venetian. And we all know what Steve Wynn can do with a new opening. We have a lot of hope that that'll turn the corner in the market as well. So, I don't think there's any reason to wait an extra day or 10 days. What's the point? Let's open. Let's drive hopefully some more visitation and more revenue to Cotai. It does, by the way, complete the visions that happened years ago when Sheldon went to Cotai a long time ago. I think with Steve opening there and with the new Parisian product, I think, Sheldon's vision is really in full force. It will move the GGR deal completely over to the majority of GGR will emanate from Cotai. Actually, we're pretty enthused about it and think it's the culmination, and MGM comes on in 2017. So it feels good to us, Joe. It feels right to us in spite of what is a difficult market today.
Robert Glen Goldstein: Sure. It's Rob, Thomas. To your point, 34% increase year-on-year in Chinese visitation to Singapore is very impressive. I think Singapore is just – it's a jewel for us. We're very happy with the quarter. It's unfortunate we suffered both the currency issues, we can't control that unfortunately, and we had some bad luck in the rolling segment. But if you take our numbers and really dissect what happened there, our retail business was strong. At 98% occupancy, ADR is climbing close to $400. Our non-rolling business was just terrific at $4.8 million a day, heading for that $5 million a day number. Our margins exceeded 66% on that non-rolling business. We're seeing more foreign visitation, better quality hotel guests and the continuing phenomenon of what we did in Singapore is just very exciting to us. It's a solid property. It had a bad piece of luck. It happens occasionally. We've held now close to $300 billion with a cumulative life-to-date hold percentage exceeding 2.7, so obviously that's simply a blip. But we're very encouraged by the non-rolling numbers, very encouraged by visitation, quality of visitation. The government of Singapore's vision has been realized in terms of what we're getting there. We are very fortunate to be there. It's a shame we hold 1.5%. We lost about $135 million of win disappear with that hold percentage. But if you take that out, the resting (22:50) was very fat and happy and we're delighted to be there. Our performance, despite the actual results being less than we'd like them to be, it was a very, very good quarter for us there. And to your comment, more quality Chinese and other regional visitations are occurring to Singapore and it's very, very exciting to watch.
Robert Glen Goldstein: Yes. It's unfortunately – well, fortunately or unfortunately, it's not promotional from our perspective. What really happened, Thomas, as Sheldon referenced, I think is a good story. We had Q-on-Q increases in our mass revenues, very encouraging. We had three hits on the negative delta: a retail turnover rent, which is a seasonal issue, cost us $22 million; we took a bad debt hit of $22 million versus Q4; and we had some weakness, honestly, in the rooms in non-gaming side, F&B, about $17 million. It resulted in a less than – what we hoped for the quarter to be like $475 million (23:56) and unfortunately those factors are a negative delta for us. But I think the most encouraging thing, and I think Sheldon referenced it, is just we're seeing some strength in premium mass and I think that goes to our core story, which is we're Cotai focused, we're mass focused, we've got diversity of room product, diversity of hotel product, lots of retail, 2 million square feet post Parisian, and we've got a very strong presence in Cotai. And when Sheldon started years ago, I think, it's rare you see a vision come to life, but you're seeing it. Unfortunately, this quarter, we had some setbacks in three areas that it happened, and it cost us about $60 million. We would have otherwise had a much fatter quarter in Macao.
Robert Glen Goldstein: I'd add one thing to Sheldon's comments is that part of the reason we've been looking at selling that mall, he always thought about selling malls as we did here in Las Vegas 12 years ago. The one thing Sheldon has been steadfast about is maximizing the value. You've seen that mall in this difficult environment continues to produce more EBITDA every month, every quarter. It did again this quarter. Our team over there has done a great job of merchandising that mall to a level where it's the premier mall in Singapore we believe. And it just keeps getting better. We recognize interest rates are at historical favorable position for us and for the first time Mr. Adelson has taken at least some – fielded some phone calls from people who want to buy a part of that. So it's under consideration. It's a very valuable mall. I think cap rates are going to be extraordinary for that mall, or for any mall we sell over there. But I think his vision of not selling it has been vindicated, because it just keeps getting better. It got to $100 million, then $125 million, $150 million. We think it just keeps going, and maybe $200 million makes that mall probably one of the most valuable malls in the world today, if not the most valuable. So we're very excited.
Robert Glen Goldstein: I think, Mr. Adelson and most people would say 3%, 4%, he might be more aggressive than that. But I'll let him comment. Yes, God bless him.
Robert Glen Goldstein: And there lies the magic. But I will tell you that our team over there, led by David Sylvester, just keeps improving that mall. And we've got some more deals in the pipeline we're working on that it just gets better. If you haven't been there recently, you should go visit. It's very impressive, and we think it just keeps moving upward. So you marry that to these wonderful cap rates, and it's a great story for us and for the first time we're at least listening to people's perspectives.
Robert Glen Goldstein: Hey, Carlo. It's Rob. I think it's a mixture of both of those. We're actually seeing some older Hong Kong customers we've known for 100 years who keep coming in and gamble large and have no issue. We're also seeing some mainland business that has come over from the junket side. To your point, we're trading up in that segment. It's getting better, it's improving. I don't think at the end of the day it's going to be that material. We're really more focused on the growth of our mass story. We'll take the business – we'll only take the credit we feel very comfortable with. We're very, very I guess demanding in terms of credit issuance. But the story there is better, it's improving. The junket business may be a small contributor, but most of the people in that segment are really people we've known for a lot of years who are very established, have large bank accounts that can move the money without any issue, and it's a positive story, but I think our real focus, our real belief in the future of Cotai is going to be in that mass, premium mass growth. That's where we're going to make most of our dollars.
Robert Glen Goldstein: Shaun, just a couple thoughts on our retail for a second. We traded down to $86.5 million for the quarter, which gives a run rate of $340 million or so. So if you cap that at some reasonable number, it's still worth $8 billion, $9 billion that retail mall which is (34:56) our buildings there. And although it's down from $95.3 million, it's still a great asset. It does two things: it creates lots of EBITDA, $350 million a year, roughly $340 million. It also creates lots of sticky visitation. People sleep in the building. It helps our room sales. So I think our retail business there still is incredibly important and $340 million, $350 million of EBITDA. On the issue of room sales we've been doing it longer than anybody else over there. We're more diverse. We have more penetration. We have 13,000 keys to sell nightly as of this fall. So I think our team has been on the ground a lot longer and we sell a lot more rooms than anybody else. We have to, because we have more rooms than anybody else. And so I think our focus on non-gaming is very high. It's still a very important business. Other people will focus more on the pure gaming play. But I do think we'll survive and succeed despite more rooms coming online. Again, as you know, it's a weekend holiday-driven market. That's where we excel. That's where we make most our EBITDA, and that combination of the shopping, the retail, the diversity of room product and our room team selling retail rooms to a non-gamer. We're trying to penetrate mainland China. Our focus is not to sell rooms cheaply in Hong Kong to people looking for the best deal. That's what's happening a lot in that market is deep discounting where you can buy a room for sub-$100 a day. Our goal and our team's goal is to stay occupied with mostly people coming from further away, a larger shopping/gaming budget, and I think that's going to prove to be a very big advantage for us in The Parisian and throughout the entire portfolio. We're longer doing this, we're better at it, so we have more experience. And again, we have the convention space as well. So we're very focused on maximizing our retail non-gaming portfolio in Macao.
Robert Glen Goldstein: Look, it's an ongoing process. Sheldon's authorized us, we're basically spending a lot of money to rehab our products and keep them fresh. We're in the middle of a redo of every room at The Venetian, as we speak, redoing all the Four Seasons rooms. We are looking at our F&B offerings with a little more of a jaundiced eye, if you will. We're looking closely at how we can do better. We don't think we've done as well. Some of our competitors have done very well in the restaurant offerings. We're very happy with our retail. We're less happy with some of our F&B. We want to get better at that. But, to your point, it's a very competitive place, $20 billion of fresh capital coming online last year and this year. We need to be very good at this and last one is Macao, we made a concerted effort to rethink a lot of our F&B offerings, redo the rooms, redo gaming floors, constantly reinvesting in the slot machines, always buying new games, new ETGs, rethinking signage, rethinking floors, keeping The Venetian fresh. It's the only asset left in Macao that does $1 billion-plus. It's approaching its, what, ninth year anniversary? Actually, tenth year next year. So, it's an amazing machine, but you've got to respect the customer and always reinvest in F&B, retail, the room offerings, and we're very, very cognizant. And our CapEx budget for Macao is extraordinary, hundreds of millions of dollars annually. So we're very focused on that as well as our shortcomings how to get better. Very competitive market, very serious people coming to the market with new products on Cotai. We're very, very careful and constantly reexamining how we can do better in Macao.
Robert Glen Goldstein: Well Robin, March, obviously I made the comment because I don't know what's going to happen. I don't want to pretend to have clarity of the future. But it was disappointing after a really great February and a really pretty strong January. I think the entire market felt the doldrums. And when you look at the global numbers of Chinese tourism, et cetera, it's pretty dismal as well. We're hoping it was an aberration. We're hoping for a good strong April, May, June. But obviously we can't give guidance what's going to happen. I think it was across the board, so that's reason to believe that something was happening over there. I don't think we are alone in this concern. But as for the future, we don't comment, as you know and we're just hoping for return to numbers that resemble more like January and February. As for the tables, I think we again, we've learned to be respectful and wait for the government's guidance. We're hoping we're treated fairly. I think Sheldon, if anybody's been a visionary and a guy who plunges and puts his money where his mouth is, he has. The Cotai Strip is now pretty clear what it's done, that was his vision. I would hope the government will treat us fairly and respectfully. But whatever the decision is, we'll embrace it and hope we get the best treatment we can get. I don't know if it's 250 tables, 10,000 tables. But we're hoping for a fair treatment, and whatever it is, it is. As you know, because of our other buildings we have a lot of tables that are market ready, but we'll need the tables for The Parisian. We will need tables because we think the mass demand for that property is going to be overwhelming. We don't pretend it's going to be – it may not be at The Venetian level from day one but I think that when you see it, it's got a lot of mass appeal. The themed feel of that building is pretty impeccable. It's very seductive when you go through it. I think it will get a lot of demand. So hopefully we have a lot of tables the government will grant us.
Robert Glen Goldstein: Hey, Robin. Just one thing, I want to go back to the earlier comment, just because of our, I mean, the fact that we've invested more than anybody by a landslide in non-gaming in Macao, I think we hope that on the table issue we'd be treated equally. No one's built more retail, more convention space, more sleeping rooms, more anything than us. And we'd hope that will be taken into consideration by the government. So we'll see how that plays out.
Robert Glen Goldstein: I would just add to Sheldon's comment, it's Rob. I just wanted – it's like no place in the world. I've been going there for three decades, since the early 1980s and there's a billion plus Chinese people, enormous propensity to gamble, billions and billions of dollars we import into Cotai. Anyone that thinks this market is done growing is simply silly. We don't know when it starts growing again, but it will grow. And to Sheldon's point life does go up and down. As you get old you recognize that. There'll be a day, and I can't tell when that day will be, but a lot of faith in what we've seen, the new products there. I think the Wynn product will be great. Our product will be exemplary and I think this market will resurrect, we just don't know when. To your point, you've got to grow some GGR for everyone to win. We've been winning for a long time there. We have huge faith in the government, in the market and the question is when does that time come? Is it later this year? I hope so. Hope it's this fall. Maybe it's the opening of the Wynn, the opening of The Parisian. But it's too wonderful a market with too many people close by who love to gamble and too many great products for it not to resurrect and come back to a growth process. So we're weathering the storm. We've proven we can run our business very well in a difficult environment. I think our team over there has done great work with the cost cutting, cost controls. I think Sheldon's vision in Cotai is coming to full fruition this fall. Believe it or not, we're encouraged. We think the turn is coming, but we don't want to point to a month or a day. We just believe, long term, this is a great place to be. So let's hope for the best and hope for a healthy second quarter ahead of us.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: We always have thoughts of monetizing anything except our core assets. We have been thinking about we cannot monetize anything until 2017 in Singapore. That's the rules under which we got our license. So, we have been approached. We have been talking to people. The cap rates are attractive, and we may or may not sell a portion. We don't know – I'm going next month to see the government in Singapore and we'll see what they think about it.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Page 14. You can see the picture, and that is going to be a really, really major attraction. It'll be equal to The Venetian, but of course The Venetian, we've competed against two new openings and The Venetian is still attracting virtually a number equal to the entire visitation in all of Macao. I think the number was 30 million. So, as I've said repeatedly, the industry is cyclical. We're not going down on the rooms. There are conversations about the VIP. Some of the analysts and some of the journalists are talking about and quoting some of the junket operators. The junket market has stabilized. The mass market has increased. It's performed better, and I think we can look forward to more of that. And as far as the non-gaming is concerned, people have to eat, they have to sleep, they want to be entertained, there are the non-gaming elements that I think will pick up again and do better in the future.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Felicia, this is Sheldon. We have good news and we have a little less than good news. The good news is that my vision about Cotai Strip has come to fruition. That the Cotai Strip has taken over the majority percentage of the GGR, the gross gaming revenue in Macao. You've been around long enough to remember back in 2004 when Stanley Ho and I had – we had disagreements over whether or not Cotai was going to even survive. And at that time, I said the Peninsula is going to be comparable to the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas downtown. But we can easily pick up the Sands tables and bring them to Macao and make the hold 100% best. But the fact is that the bridge from Hong Kong, the Hong Kong Zhuhai-Macao bridge will be opening, I think, in 2017 or 2018 and nobody knows how it will affect the – we don't know where – the islands that are off the Peninsula where everybody is going to park, they'll distribute the visitors by bus. So we don't know where those bus routes are going to be, but everybody believes that will help out the Peninsula. And of course, I just read an article today that the light rail won't be completed until 2019. So that still leaves three years waiting for that. So, of course, we're doing everything we can to maintain the growth potential of the other properties. We're not going to – because we think The Parisian is going to be a whopper of an opening and a whopper of an operating (41:14) that we're going to ignore the other places. No, no, no, we're doing everything we can. We're improving the retail, we're improving the rooms, we've allocated money for The Venetian. Look, 30 million visitors, which is equivalent to one visit for every visitor coming into Macao is something to write home about. So, we're not ignoring and we're not going to rest on our laurels. We're going to continue to promote and continue to market our other properties. And we just believe that without a doubt in our mind, The Parisian opening will be the best by far of all the six concessionaires opening new properties.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Robin, one month does not a trend make. We can't say authoritatively that it's an aberration. It's not an aberration. I mean, if January and February were good, why do we think that March could have been an aberration or it signals a trend? It's too early. It's only one month.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Well, my comment is, is just repeat again: everything is cyclical. We've been in Macao for 12 years now. And there have been times over the 12 years that people thought that the business is going down, and then it's going to go up. I remember somebody saying that things are going to hell in a hand basket because the growth that year was only going to be 50% and people were projecting 70%. I mean everything is cyclical. It's going to change. People that come from China that aren't coming now will come again. The same thing with the high end of the market; we are seeing an increase in our premium direct, meaning the high rollers that are not going to the junkets, we're seeing junkets, more regulation of the junkets. Just everything evolves and I don't see that we can take away any direction of a trend for one month. So if March wasn't as good as January or February, so be it. Who knows? It could have been the weather; it could have been anything else. But I am very optimistic. I have no reason to be pessimistic. In fact, I have more reason to be optimistic at least in our placement within the framework of the six concessionaires. We are holding, we are up at close to 40% of the business and EBITDA in Macao and you can't have six 40-percenters.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: You know, it will add up to more than a 100 and it won't be because of rounding. So our competitors, we think that, look we respect our competitors. We respect Wynn, we respect Galaxy, we respect the others, we don't necessarily agree with how they do things. So we just focus on how we do things. And we've tried to improve every aspect of our business and we don't give up on it. We spend an enormous amount of money on CapEx. We had a board meeting yesterday and we told the board from our development department which handles CapEx and we had a very large amount of money scheduled to keep things in good shape. Look we have so many rooms. We'll be the only destination in the world that will have two, 13,000 rooms available without leaving the building.
