Daniel Briggs: Thank you, Courtney. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, please let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provisions of Federal Securities Laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release under the caption forward-looking statements for a discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted net income and hold-normalized adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS and hold-normalized adjusted diluted EPS and adjusted property EBITDA and hold-normalized adjusted property EBITDA, all of which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of those measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. We also want to inform you that we have posted supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations website for your reference. We may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. Finally, for those who would like to participate in the Q&A session, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, so we might allow everyone with interest to participate. With that, let me please introduce our Chairman, Sheldon Adelson.
Daniel Briggs: Carlo, you are asking about the mix issue? I guess you guys get all the lead data that doesn't include our specific hold on our non-junket business.
Daniel Briggs: And Harry, to be clear, on page 10 of the slide deck, we actually had a 100 bip increase in margins on a hold-normalized basis from 34% to 35%. So margins increased by 100 bips on hold-adjusted basis, despite the fact that we are seeing pressure in premium mass.
Sheldon Adelson: I will tell you, Joe, I will start with the easy one. Smoking, we don't think has been impactful. It's difficult with all things going Hong Kong, and obviously, the other pressures in Macau, all the headwinds we have been facing, it is really hard to segregate the smoking issue directly, but our anecdotal feedback is pretty positive that it doesn't appear to be impactful in any segment. The smoking areas are being utilized and business appears to be unaffected by the smoking issue. As for the margin issue, I think we are all aware that there is competitive pressures in the premium mass segment. I think you will hear that one, anybody who has been in Macau recently. We have the wonderful structural advantage of having a lot more control, a lot stronger position in mass mass or base mass segment. We remain steadfast and I believe we can get a 45% plus margin there. That's somewhere we think today and tomorrow the decisions made by this company 10 years ago will resonate for years to come in terms of having more gaming positions, more sleeping rooms, more retail and simply more control over that segment. So we are very much a big believer of these standalone tables and more tables and more gaming capacity, more retail, et cetera. So we are very secure that we can run the highest margins at 45% plus in the base mass or mass mass segment. Competitive pressures are unavoidable right now in premium mass. I think you will see by other, the competitors versus our numbers that win per unit is one metric but flow through is another. Our margins have dipped a bit. I think they will, with the declining junket situation, I think there will be more pressure in premium mass. Having said that, our blended flow through is going to stay around 40%, and we believe it will rise with the market getting stronger. Again, our strength, the breakdown of our mass revenues is still leaning heavily towards the pure mass side than mass mass side which gives a very strong advantage to maintain margin and we think the other competitors are going to have a different situation because we have obviously structurally a better place to build. On the premium mass side, I think there has been escalating pressure and that will continue.
Sheldon Adelson: We just got the okay. This is Sheldon. We just got the okay from the Board. I think it was Monday and we are having a board meeting coming up next week in Macau. We are having two separate board meetings, LVS and SCL, and we will attempt to come out with the details of the program. It will probably be somewhat similar to what we have done so that we could spread it over a period of time. But then again, as any opportunism arises we should take another look at it then.
Sheldon Adelson: Parisian targeted opening date. We have two categories of opening date, partial opening and complete opening. The last I am going to look at it next week. As I said earlier, I am going to Japan, Korea and I am also going to Macau. The last thing I have been told is that a full opening will occur in March, but we can still achieve a partial opening of the casino and some number of rooms if the government will allow us to do that in November or December. So it's not a minor issue. It's maybe we have a partial opening, which has occurred in the past to us and everybody else. So I hope we can open partially in November, December of 2015.
Sheldon Adelson: Money. According to the song, it's burning a hole in our pocket. We haven't addressed that yet, Felicia.
Sheldon Adelson: We know that we have plenty of money and we are contemplating, we been using all cash for the development and construction of the Parisian Macao, and we are now going to go out and get a separate project financing that will recover a lot of the cash that we put in there. So earnings at the rate of 5%, 5.5%, 6%, 6.5% that I see some of you analysts come out with, I think per year, I think we are going to have plenty of cash flow.
Sheldon Adelson: Unfortunately, we have a competitor that has never worked in a competitive market before. Genting Berhad didn't have any competition and exclusive in Malaysia. So apparently they are still trying to get used to having competition. But when they have competition, it appears as though their only response to that is to what we call quote, "buy the business." They are paying up to 1.7 and 1.8, anecdotally above for the junket -- not the junket, but they are paying the same thing to the premium direct VIP players, and we are still down a much lower reasonable number. No more than what we pay in Macau to the junket reps. So that's why we have grown to take over in excess of 55% of the market GGR compared to their 45% of the market and who knows, maybe one day, they will get used to competing on the basis of a quality product. If they ever build one and they won't have to buy the business.
Sheldon Adelson: Let me give you an idea. I wanted to discuss this about where we stand competitively, what kind of advantage we have in the emerging markets. For instance, when we plan an integrated resort, our competitors, for instance Genting in Sentosa. When we say we have nice facilities, we have Asia's largest ballroom at 90,000 square feet column free, while our competitor has a 60,000 foot volume which doubles up as an exhibition space and event center. We have over 400,000 square feet of additional exhibition space when our competitive downtown Suntec has only 200,000. So when we plan, we don't say Genting has only 17 meeting rooms, we have 250 which can be combined into smaller ballrooms that will hold 600, 700, 800 people for dinners. And out ballroom is sold out six months in advance. So when we go into Japan or Korea and we say we have an integrated resort, we will go in with somewhere, maybe 500 meeting rooms and somebody else will come in and say, oh, we are an integrated resort. We have some of the components that LVS or SCL has and they will come out with 20 or 30 meeting rooms. We based our meeting rooms on a formula that's calculated on so many square feet per sleeping room and the allocation of total room supply towards the MICE business. So we say we have meeting rooms, we have meeting rooms. When we talk about having the mall, we have up to and in excess of a million square feet of mall and our competitors come along and say, oh, we have a mall as part of our IR and see we have got 50,000 square feet and about a dozen retailers. So we can talk about 300, 400, 500 retailers in the mall and that gives us the critical mass and takes us to where we are in Macao. My original vision was, is and will be critical mass. But it's based on an educated and informed calculation of how many MICE meeting room, how much MICE space we have based upon the number of sleeping rooms, we allocate to MICE based upon the entertainment. Look, we are the only place that has a museum and we have arenas and we plan arenas in our future development. So that differentiates us between competitive slate.
Sheldon Adelson: From our standpoint, I will say that we will not be interested in Japan or any other country on a foreigners only basis. We can't do that. Our business model won't allow it. I could point out to you that in Korea there are 17 casinos. One, Kangwon Land is the direct with domestic entry. The other 16 foreigners only casino don't do as much combined as the single domestic entry casino does and it's different people have different the estimates. And depending on what time of the year, Korea is in the snow belt and so is the North Korea -- I am sorry, north of South Korea is in the snow belt as is Japan and I spent a lot of time in both places. But it takes anywhere from two-and-half to four hours to drive depending upon weather and traffic. But the foreigners only casinos in Korea cannot anticipate getting large amounts of business and therefore they can't build a true integrated resort with all of its components that need the casino to subsidize the loss making components. So, from our standpoint, we are not interested in developing a multi-billion dollar resort and nobody else can. If somebody just wants to open a small casino box and try to get people of foreign countries, say from China to come to Korea or Japan, all we have to do is look at South Korea and Jeju Island has got half of the foreigners only casinos and ask ourselves whether or not a plain casino with one or two restaurants can compete with the humongous and big integrated resorts in Macau and in Singapore. We only have to look at Australia and Philippines to see that they don't have the components of a true integrated resort. But they do a good job. They are well regulated. We went out there and don't anticipate going there. And we are not interested in foreigners only resorts.
Sheldon Adelson: I did give out the number to you above the dark long arrow spanning all the bars. It says 19.1%. You think that this is an appropriate prudent time to sell while we are still growing and that includes a little slow down to 9% in the last quarter or last two quarters. Part of our properties can go up 20%, 30%. We have expanded and improved significantly. The mall at the Four Seasons which is running on average about $5,500 per square foot per annum and we have the DFS boutique shops that are running at $7,000 a square foot. I was talking to somebody with authoritative data points in Saks Fifth Avenue in New York City and I think it is only running at $1,000 a foot. And I look at the Four Seasons mall which does $7,000 per square foot compared to other like Neiman Marcus and other top U.S. brands, they don't come within shouting distance where the malls are. We don't yet see if we have ever come down to under 10% growth, we would consider that, I would never sell this mall at approximately 20% growth with the likelihood of more. We are redoing a lot of the slower malls and slow retailers in Macau. We are adding on 330,000 net rentable square feet and we have submitted four other projections, including an 800,000 square foot retail mall on the Tropical Gardens and I hope to see the government when I go there next week. We are the leading IR developers in shopping by far. Actually as a matter of fact, one of the problems is that, say you look at $536 million, there is no mall having $536 million in the third quarter of 2014, when we continue our tweaking of MBS and Four Seasons and when we add on more space at the Parisian, we are bigger than any of the REITs in Asia. So there is no single REIT that's in a position to buy us. As a matter of fact, we would be more in a position to buy them. But as long as we keep growing, I could see that number going up significantly over the next handful of years. And I don't know. We are going to have to -- the original plan was to monetize it and at a 4% cap rate, which we think is achievable, we should be looking at it, but it's tough to want to sell when you are growing at 20%, 30% a year.
Sheldon Adelson: They are not discounts there. Discounts that take place here in Vegas, in the U.S. We always take all discounts, but it is the rolling chip by commission.
Robert Goldstein: We would love to be rolling $60 billion a year. We just have some headwinds we just can't overcome. One is the commissions. We remain steadfast in our belief that to pay too much commission makes no sense in terms of margin and profitability. Second, as we are very cognizant of the atmosphere in China and lending exorbitantly in China. So call us too conservative for today but as you can see with this quarter's results, we are bearish in terms of that segment right now. We love to see return to days of $15 billion a quarter, with appropriate margins. It's tough to model because as you know it is highly concentrated. It is driven by not as many players as we like it to be. We are also in a very competitive environment vis-à-vis our competitor there plus, the Philippines. I wish I can give you color that I could believe myself, but the team and I are working through it. In fact, we are meeting next week to talk that very issue through. We are trying very hard to remain focused on profitability and for right now, I think you can model up more growth in our $4.8 million a day and 60 plus point margin. I am not as confidence to give you any kind of forecast how we see the rolling business. It really depends on the environment.
Robert Goldstein: I wouldn't say we are out of that business. The one thing I would caution is that, it's a very thin and concentrated business. I would like to say we are back in it in a big way. We have the product. We have the demand. And we also have the headwinds of the fact that we are very, very careful and trying really hard to be the most compliant people in the industry. So moving money for us is also a challenge. But having said that, we are hoping to have a stronger day in that segment in Singapore in 2015.
Robert Goldstein: Dan will take that. Well, I am not going to talk about Golden Week in the middle of October in this call. I can't do it.
Robert Goldstein: Steve, two things. Mass is obviously multi-segment. Our margins have maintained the highest levels in the pure mass. And again, that's our strength. It resides there today, tomorrow and forever because they are structurally managed due to asset class in our portfolio. On the premium mass, it is lot more competitive. We compete in that segment as well, and pressure there were comes from labor costs, which Sheldon alluded to in his opening remarks, as well as promotional chips as well as complimentary rooms as well as lucky chips. There is multitude of ways you can incent customers to gamble. And think of it as when there are only so many tables in the market and the junket business is eroding, people are more focused on that segment. So I think you will see, across the board, margins in that area are going to be difficult. We are doing that at all and our strength, which is over $2 billion of EBITDA, emanates from the pure mass side, and that's where we steadfastly maintained that. As the market is healthier, we would like to grow our margin back into the 42%, 43%, 44% range combined. But for now, we are in the 30s in the premium mass and then the mid-40s in the pure mass.
Robert Goldstein: Two thoughts, Harry. One is, there are certain things we can do and I think the team there is addressing the expense part of the ledger. But honestly, we believe is that the mass business maintains and maybe even exceeds and the margin as you get stronger in, hope, this quarter in 2015. So again the great majority of our business comes out of is on mass. These are margin and our EBITDA is so strong in Macau is because we have a mass-driven model over there. And so I think maintaining the margin is very, very possible, if not growing the margin. The question is the competitive set, what they do in premium mass segment. That's the one thing I can't understand will happen there. Hopefully that remains an environment where you can work in the current structure and not losing more margin in the premium mass side. Mass mass feels very good and we can control expense and perhaps even get some better cost control over our numbers. But, in essence, our story is so much different than anybody else because of the fact that mass segment is our strength and that's where we reside primarily and that's the biggest part of our composite of our EBITDA.
