Bill Nash: Thank you, Katharine, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report another strong quarter. As always, I will talk about the quarterly results including the impact of Hurricane Harvey, then I will turn the call over to Tom to review financing after which I will comment on our initiatives as well as share some information on Hurricane Irma. Our used unit comps for the second quarter increased by 5.3% and total used units grew by 11.1%. Used unit comps continue to be driven by strong store execution as well as enhancements to the online customer experience, both of which support an increase in conversion. The impact of higher conversion on comps was partially offset by the effects of lower store traffic. As you may recall, Harvey hit Houston during the last week of our second quarter. CarMax’s first priority will always be the safety and wellbeing of our associates. We have approximately 1,000 associates in the Houston area and while all of them are safe now, many were affected by the hurricane. We supported them with financial assistance through our Associate Disaster Relief Fund and provided them pay for the regularly scheduled shifts while the stores were closed. In addition, we sent emergency supply to Houston as soon as possible to support associates and their families. All six of our stores in the Houston market were closed for the last 5.5 working days of the quarter. Five of the Houston stores reopened on Friday September 1st with relatively little damage. Our Gulf Freeway store remained closed until Friday September 8th. We estimate the impact to our comps to these closures was small and as we said in the past, weather can delay sales but we generally expect to make them up in future periods. This event reminded me once again of the incredible value of our national footprint and our nationwide transportation network. We have been able to leverage both as damaged vehicles needed to be removed and replaced with vehicles from other markets to quickly support the needs of our customers. Now, I’ll update you on some more of the numbers. In the quarter, we were pleased to see website traffic growth of 17%, which we believe was partially result of our efforts in SEO. Gross profit per used unit remained consistent at $2,178 compared to $2,160 in the second quarter of last year. Our wholesale units grew slightly in the second quarter. The growth in our store base and an increase in buy rates were offset by the continuation of lower appraisal traffic. Gross profit for wholesale unit increased to $950 compared to $870 in last year’s second quarter, largely due to a favorable depreciation environment in this second quarter. A few other topics and I’ll turn the call over to Tom. As a percentage of our sales mix, zero to four-year old vehicles increased to 80% versus about 76% in last year’s second quarter. As a percent of sales, large and medium SUVs and trucks rose to 27%, which is similar to last quarter but up from about 25% in last year’s second quarter. On SG&A, expenses for the quarter increased almost 11% to $405 million. This represents a year-over-year reduction of $9 per unit in SG&A. Several factors impacted SG&A growth including the 12% or 19-store increase in our base since the beginning of second quarter of last year, higher variable cost due to our increased sales, and an increase of about $16 million in our accrual for incentive pay. Remember that last year, we disclosed the measurable reduction in SG&A related to incentive pay. These were partially offset by an $11.4 million decrease in share-based compensation expense which was largely due to comping over the $10.9 million retirement related expense for our former CEO, recorded in last year’s second quarter. As we previously discussed, we continue to invest heavily in technology and digital initiatives to improve the customer experience. SG&A expense was in line with our expectations in the second quarter but recall that the first quarter saw the benefit from favorable expense timing, some of which could materialize later in the year. Lastly, during the second quarter, we opened three stores, one in the Hartford market, one in San Francisco and one in Salisbury, Maryland. During the third quarter, we plan to open five stores, one will open in Tyler, Texas, which is a new market for us, the other four stores are in current markets including Philadelphia which we just opened a couple of days ago, Las Vegas, San Francisco and Seattle. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Tom.
Bill Nash: Thanks, Tom. We continue to be focused on driving what’s possible through both execution and innovation. We are in a unique position to combine the state-of-the-art online experience with the exceptional customer service our associates are known for. Whether in store or online, we want to give our customers the tools and support to find the perfect car, purchase that car and then receive that car all on their own terms. Last quarter, we gave you an update on the test of our online appraisal tool. This is a new online tool that allows customers to receive an appraisal value for the vehicle by submitting information online. We rolled out this product to the rest of our Charlotte market stores this past quarter and in the third quarter we plan to expand to more stores in the Midwest. We’re receiving great feedback from our customers and sales team about this new offering. The purpose of this test is to further learn about the customer demand for online appraisals and to ensure a great experience that is scalable across all stores. We’ll take the learnings from this next round of test to continue to enhance the product and determine when it should be rolled out to more of our stores. We also shared with you last quarter the progress we’re making in digital merchandising, which is how we showcase our vehicles on carmax.com. In addition to the rollout and improvement of indoor photo studios, we’re expanding our capabilities by offering 360 degree interior photos with zoom capability. We’re now testing this product in vehicles at seven stores. These are just a couple of examples improvements we’re working on. We will continue to build out our e-commerce capabilities and equip our associates with the right tools to make the entire car buying process simple and seamless, both online and in our stores, and we truly feel that no one is in a better position to do that than us. Before I open up the line for questions, let me give you a brief update on the impact of Hurricane Irma. We’re pleased to report that all of our stores are open for business. We closed 28 stores, primarily in Florida and Georgia for varying lengths of time in September. And as we previously discussed with weather events, we would expect to realize those sales later. Now, at this time, we’ll be happy to take your questions.
Bill Nash: Good morning, Sharon. Yes. So, on those, both the photo booths and the 360 photos, we assess the success of those by clicks on the websites on those particular cars. So, obviously, not all of our photos are done in photo booths. And so, we look at the success, the number of clicks we see on those cars, as well as the conversion of those vehicles compared to other inventory that doesn’t utilize those capabilities. As far as the time that it would take to roll it out, I talked about last quarter, the photo booths, at the time, we already had 16 open; this year, we’re on schedule to get 19 more of those open. And then for the 360, we’ll see. Right now, we already have it in seven stores, and we’ll see how it goes, and we’re still working on the equipment, that kind of thing. So, stay tuned. I can’t really tell you, okay, next quarter will be this number and that number, because we’re still looking at the experiences. We want to make sure, when we roll it out more widely that it meets what we would expect from a CarMax standpoint from exceptional experience.
Bill Nash: No. I think the rollout is -- we can only handle so many different projects in any one given year, while there is an expense associated with it, that’s not the reason why we aren’t rolling them out quicker. So, we can only -- I mean, we’re adding an additional 19 more this year on a base of 16. It just takes time and resource to get those built.
Bill Nash: Yes. So, on the remodels, we’re doing 10 more full remodels. We’d like to work to photo booths into that and then we go and we choose certain other markets to go back and put the booths in.
Bill Nash: Okay. So, Brian, I’ll talk about the first part. You hit it on the head. We’re not going to provide guidance. What I will tell you is that we are prepared with inventory; we’re prepared, if there is an inflow and extra inflow of vehicles being bought, we’re in great shape to handle that in the markets that were impacted by hurricane. Believe it or not, if you look at that historically, we had the benefit of not having big catastrophic events like this that often. I think the last time, we cited something like this was probably back with Wilma and Rita where we actually talked about it in the call. But, I would just tell you, we’ve positioned ourselves so that we’ll be able to meet any demand that surfaces. As far as were there -- any vehicles were damaged. We had about a 1,000 cars that were damaged that had to be gotten rid of, basically scrapped. And I will let Tom talk a little bit about the expense.
Bill Nash: Yes, you are correct. We talked about this last quarter and I think at the end of last year -- at late last year, we did raise rates pretty much across the board. I think this is the first securitization deal, 2017-3 where you are actually going to start seeing the impact of that and I think you can see the impact in that -- in the spread, if you look at that versus other recent deals. As far as where rates go. I am going to answer that the way that I always answer this for the last seven years, which, our ability to preserve that margin is going to be driven by the market and what’s going on with other lenders. We are constantly looking at how we feel about our competitiveness versus other offers out there. We test rates up, we test rates down. We try to make -- we watch our 3-day payoff rate, we watch conversion of the stores. So, it will be an ongoing analytical exercise. To the extent rates go up, you could imagine we’ll test increasing, I mean if the [cost of funds][ph] go up, we’ll test increasing APRs, but if it’s going to be detrimental to sales or make us uncompetitive relative to what other competitors are doing, we’ll have to take that into account.
Bill Nash: Yes. So, I will just kind of run through what we saw coming in the door. As I mentioned, we were barbelled in the credit profile of the customer coming in applying. That means we saw the greatest growth at kind of 700 plus FICO range. So, those folks tend to be the ones that are going to be CAF or can arrange their financing elsewhere. So, Matt, I think some of what we saw was due to just the nature of the volume coming through. We did use some tightening in the quarter that may have impact in last year’s fourth quarter but that may have impacted a bit. But we look very closely at how competitive we think our rates are. Our offers, particularly at the high end I think are still very competitive. And we also track that 3-day payoff rate which is good indicator of whether people like the offers they get from CarMax. That rate is up modestly year-over-year, less than a point, and it’s actually down a little bit sequentially from last quarter. So, I wouldn’t read into that. We’re seeing a lot more people paying off the loans. When I look at it, I just think we’ve got more people that are bringing their own financing to the table whether it’s cash or something else, when they show up to buy the car.
Bill Nash: Yes. I don’t -- we’ve talked about this before when Tier 3 was significantly higher. It is a business that we look at as incremental. So, I don’t know what the right baseline is? I’d like to see going forward just kind of nice growth across the credit spectrum, because I think that implies the healthy economy and healthy demand environment. But this year’s number is up slightly. As I said, we’re seeing some volume increase in applications down in the spectrum. And remember, last year, we were seeing significant declines in that Tier 3 volume, and last year’s number is a weak number. And this was actually the first quarter where we’re comping over that.
Bill Nash: Yes. I mean, traffic was down a modest amount, which offset some of the conversion. It’s been similar to recent quarters. 
Bill Nash: Yes. Let me talk a little bit about SEO, because I think we’re really pleased with the growth that we’ve seen there. In the second quarter, our non-brand SEO traffic continued to grow significantly; it was up nearly 250% from a year ago. And on the SEO, what we’ve really been focusing on is really three main things. One, we want to produce more content that links to other site, so putting articles out there to get picked by the folks, so that back linking is very helpful in the ratings. We’ve added in the quarter a few hundred thousand new pages and we continue to add them. So, last quarter, I talked about having a page -- we used to have a Ford F-150 page and we said Ford F-150 Raptor. Now, we’ve got a Ford F-150 Raptor 2016, 2017. Again, the more pages you have, the relevant you’re in the searches. And then, we also are pleased, we’ve been able to add content and put the content in there. So, Google can actually and the search engines can actually read it and see what we have, which also helps us. So, we’ve been very pleased with what’s been going on with SEO. And we’ll continue that work. And we think there is a lot of opportunity still there. The other thing I would just say on the earlier piece on the traffic, again, while that store traffic number’s gone down, we really look at it more holistically. And we think about the store traffic, we think about web traffic, which I talked about earlier and the great growth that we’ve had there. We also continue to see double-digit growth on leads, which is great because that gives us something to execute on. So, we feel very good about the momentum that we have when it comes to having possibilities to interact with the customers and turn them into sales.
Bill Nash: Yes. Well, similar to like Katrina, there are going to be a lot of flood vehicles out there. And all of the damaged cars that we had, we actually took them and sold them through. We did not sell them through auctions; we sold them through salvage auctions. Our systems are way more advanced today than they were back at the time of Hurricane Katrina. We know, for example the cars that were on our lot, we’ve got them on our system. So, if they ever pop up somewhere else, we’ll know not to purchase them. Now, they should all be marked salvage, so they shouldn’t pop up somewhere else. But the same thing for other vehicles, other vehicles that are marked salvage, we know that information and then when we’re at auctions or if they come to our appraisal lane, our systems will alert our buyers to the fact that hey this vehicle was at some point salvage. The other thing that I would tell you is -- and this is where our more than 1,000 skilled buyers come into play, there could be some cars out there that slipped through the cracks and didn’t get salvage, not our vehicles but ones that come in our appraisal lane. And our buyers are skilled and trained to be able to identify those vehicles. There is telltale times that they can look for and I think that’s a huge competitive advantage to make sure that we don’t end up buying any of those that might fall through the cracks of the data analytics.
Bill Nash: Yes. I think the way to characterize it is that that number is going to move around a little bit every quarter because like the CarMax Auto Finance business, we put a reserve on that thing for returns. And then, some quarters you might see mildly favorable return experience, some quarters mildly negative; the last couple have been mildly favorable. So, there is a little bit of a tailwind on that number due to the return reserve percentage. But in general, it’s grown with the pace of growth of sales. And that’s how I think about it over the longer term.
Bill Nash: Yes. I think the way you should about it is we do know, first of all, 9 out of 10 of the customers buy from a start their search online and interact with us on the digital properties. I do absolutely feel like customers are coming to the stores more prepared. So, for example, they know that they’re going to need a step; they bring it with them versus coming in and having to leave. Certain things like that would actually cause your store traffic because we count it by being braced would actually cause it to go down or innovation like the online finance prequalification. There may be some customers that go online and realize I can’t afford a new used car and it keeps them from coming into the store where they would have come in before, sales consultants would have spent time with them only to find out that they weren’t eligible to buy a car. So, in some senses, I would expect because of our innovation, the traffic would go down, as we continue to innovate and make more of the functionality available online. So, again, I’m pleased with where we are, if I think about the touch points that we have with customers, whether it’s in the store or whether it’s online.
Bill Nash: Yes. I don’t mean -- we’re not intending that shift. I mean, we think that the online appraisal offering is just another way to reach out to customers that maybe we wouldn’t have gotten before and also enhance the customer experience, so folks know what their vehicle is worth, prior to coming into the store, prior to selling it. So, the way I look at it is it’s really an extension to generate more appraisals. Look, we had 11% growth in sales. When you have double-digit growth in sales like that. You’re going to have to obviously rely on offsite. I would tell you, I think there is a lot of good offsite buys out there. It’s the number of year to four year all cars coming into the auction lanes is higher than it has been in the past and I think it will continue to be that way. So, I don’t see a real change in the dynamics. I think we’ll continue to go after as many appraisal buys as we can and then we’ll supplement with whatever need through outside channels.
Bill Nash: No. It’s too early to talk about that Mike, at this point. I mean, like I said in my opening remarks. It seems to be well received by customers; our sales folk, sales teams are very pleased with it, but it’s too early to tell which is another reason why we’re going to roll it to some additional stores.
Bill Nash: I think for the longest time, people have said that the sky is falling, when it comes to used car pricing and there is going to be a big drop in used car prices. While we are seeing some acquisition prices more favorable, like this quarter our ASPs actually went up, and that’s the combination of acquisition price going down a little bit, but then our mix impacting it to go up. So having more zero to four-year old cars, having more large SUVs and trucks. I think what we’ll continue to see is we’ll continue to see more late model cars entering into the marketplace. It’s hard to tell, what the two storms, this is lots of different numbers, I think anywhere from 0.5 million to 1 million cars. And you go to wonder of that, how many of them are actually going to be replaced. So, I think, it’s little early to tell us as far as what impact this is going to have on the overall market. I will tell you -- and I mentioned in the opening remarks, the depreciation environment has absolutely been more favorable. It’s more representative of what we saw two years ago, which is one of the reasons why our wholesale margin is up over last year. So, I think it’s little too early to tell us as far as the storms go as to what impact it’s going to have on values.
Bill Nash: It’s pretty consistent with what’s it’s been the last few quarters. That’s double-digit and it’s a little bit more than the website traffic growth that we saw.
Bill Nash: Yes. I think the quality of the leads is very similar to what we have seen over the last few quarters. So, there is no real big difference there.
Bill Nash: Look, I think any time we get a lead is an opportunity for us to execute better. So, I would love for us to be able to have those leads convert at even higher. And again, I think our job is to make sure that we continue to put experiences out there and functionality out there and continue to train our associates on how to maximize those leads. So, that’s what we are focused on.
Bill Nash: Yes, no, look, we are pleased with where we are on home delivery at this point. I would remind you. I mean, we want to make sure that the customer can find the right car, take it out, buy that car and then we deliver it on whatever terms they want to receive that car. Home delivery is one of those ways. And expedite delivery in the store is another one of those ways. And I think the big success in home delivery at this point is the additional functionality that we’ve learned about and progress. So, for example, online appraisals, you need to be able to do that for home delivery. And as you see, we are continuing to move forward with online appraisals. We want to make sure that when we expand home delivery, it meets up to the exceptional customer experience that we would expect and that our customers would expect. We have not expanded beyond the Charlotte market right now. We are evaluating where to take it next. But what I would also tell you is, we’re progressing that with capabilities so that wherever we go the next experience is going to be even that much better. So, I am pleased with where we are in home delivery, and I am pleased with all the functionality that really enables home delivery, so that we can use it in other things.
Bill Nash: Yes. Rick, what it says is that I think as I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we’re seeing losses that are more in line with our expectations. And remember, last year, we were in environment where losses were kind of moving in unfavorable manner from us. And as we are look into provision, we were having to play some catch-up and getting the allowance to the level that it needed to be, based on the migration of those losses. So, I think we’re more of in an environment now where we’re booking we’re absolutely booking the loans at a higher expected loss than last year. But we’re not -- we haven’t been seen that migration of bad performance and we’re not playing -- the last two quarters are not playing catch-up.
Bill Nash: As I mentioned, all the pricing changes that we made were over the course of the fourth quarter of last year. So, if you look at sequentially versus last quarter, we’re behaving essentially the same in our underwriting decisions and our pricing decisions. So, I would attribute that then to kind of the credit quality coming in the door. And as I mentioned that the highest credits, what we’re seeing that -- where we’re seeing the largest growth this quarter, and that would translate into lower rates because those folks are going to qualify for better rates.
Bill Nash: So, I think, as I said, we have seen a higher mix of customers, but if any, we’re looking at the performance of the portfolio and recent trends. As we mentioned last quarter and at the end of the last year, we made some changes to the way that we are calculating our loss allowance to make it a little bit more reactive to current trends. And like I said, last year we were chasing unfavorability; this year, it’s been little bit more consistent.
Bill Nash: Yes. So, like I said, it’s a little bit representative of what happened a couple of years ago where the depreciation ramped. Normally, you see depreciation throughout the year. The slope of that ramp was pretty much muted. So, there wasn’t a lot of depreciation. And we’re wanting that doesn’t proactively speculate or whatever on what vehicles are worth. But when there is less depreciation in vehicles off their value, that’s typically not what normally happens this time of the year. So, when there is a favorable environment where there is not a lot of depreciation and the value holds up there, the dealers are willing to pay more money, and that’s what drove the prices up.
Bill Nash: I don’t know. I mean, you’d have to ask Amazon that. I mean what we’re focused on is regardless of who the competitor might be, I think we’re focused on making our business better and we’re focused on continuing to be a leader in late model used cars. All the initiatives that we’re working on I think point us in the right direction. I feel really good about where we’re going and that’s what our focus is right now.
Bill Nash: We probably have 15 different product teams that are working on digital enhancements, everything from SEO to improving the financing. I mean, some of these things like finance online for example, but we made some big strides in this last quarter, putting out a new application that’s more mobile friendly, it’s easier and to accurately enter all the income sources that helps educate consumers about the value of co-applicants; it has an enhanced calculator. Some of these things that we’re doing, they’re going to be product teams and things that we continue to work on. In other words, there isn’t an end in sight. We need to continue to evolve and we can continue to make them better. So, some of these things, online appraisals, I think that’s one that will continue to evolve, even when we have it rolled that everywhere, it doesn’t mean we’re done. So, I think there is a lot of different things that we’re working on that will provide both, near-term, mid-term and long-term results for the organization.
Bill Nash: So, as we’ve said all along, we’re going to open up between 13 and 16 stores, this year we’re doing 15 stores. We’ve said we’re pleased with how all of our new stores are performing; they’re meeting our internal growth rate. Outside of that, there is not a lot of color to add.
Bill Nash: I think what we said over time is you think about 200 to 300; 200, you can obviously drop from the equation; I think 300 still a good target to think about. But it’s -- I can’t tell you what the end game is going to be, because the customers’ expectations are continuing to change, our business changes, continues to evolve; we’re looking at different things. We’ve got a lot going on in the digital space. So, I don’t know where the cap is. I also don’t think that we found a 100% of our store delivery methods. We probably have some things and ways to reach customers that we don’t reach them today. So, it’s really hard to put a high-end number on what that could be.
Bill Nash: Yes. Like I said, earlier, Seth, we, believe or not, we haven’t had a whole bunch of, even like with Katrina, we didn’t have any stores down in that market. So, we haven’t had a lot of experience there. I think the last time, we cited something was again back with Wilma and Rita and we did see an impact on extra sales from that. But like said earlier, we’re prepared, if there are going to be incremental sales coming in for replacement vehicles, then, we will be prepared to service those customers. And we’ll talk about it -- we’ll talk about it in the third quarter, what we actually saw.
Bill Nash: Yes. I think -- I don’t really want to talk about the fiscal year, next year’s fiscal year at this point. I think all along this year, I’ve told you that this is going to be a heavy year on spend there. While it’s not all incremental, we should reprioritize some of our existing SG&A. We’re putting a lot of money back into the business so much so that I’ve told you guys in the past that normally say 5% comps we’ll have as leverage. We’ve said mid-single-digits. I think it’s going to be higher end of mid-single-digits for this year. And depending on how much progress we make this year and what opportunities we see out there will dictate what we do next year.
Bill Nash: Okay, great. Before we close, I definitely want to take a moment to thank the more than 24,000 associates we have across the country. These hurricanes have absolutely been challenging these last few weeks. And I’d tell you, I’m once again reminded why our associates are true differentiator for CarMax. Their determination, their spirit, their support for each other, for our customers, for our communities through these challenging times has truly been inspiring. I’ve never been more proud to work with them and I really want to thank them for what they do on a daily basis. It truly is incredible. And I want to thank you for joining our call. I want to thank you for your support. And we will talk to you next quarter.
