Bill Nash: Thank you, Katharine. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. Before I get started, I do want to take a moment to personally thank Katharine who many of you know is retiring at the end of July, so this is her last call. Katharine has run a very successful IR program for us over the past 13 years and I'm sure that you all agree that she will be deeply missed. Katharine, we wish you the best in your retirement. I hope it exceeds your expectations. I'd also like to introduce Stacy Frole, who similar to Katharine has a very strong IR background. And as many of you already know, Katherine and Stacy have been working closely together over the last months to ensure a smooth transition in Investor Relations' communications. So, welcome Stacy and again, congratulations, Katharine.
Bill Nash: For today's call, I'll start with our first quarter highlights. I will then turn the call over to Tom to discuss our financials in more detail before providing an update on our omni-channel rollout, which continues to perform very well. Then we will open it up for your questions. As you read in earnings release this morning, we are pleased to announce a very strong start to fiscal 2020 with net earnings growth up 11.8% and EPS up 19.5%. We achieved a 9.5% increase in used unit comps and a 13% increase in our total used units sold. This strength in retail is the result of a combination of many factors, including our solid execution, which was supported by enhancements to the customer experience; a robust lending environment; and a delay of February tax refunds into our first quarter. Conversion for the quarter increased year-over-year, while store traffic remained relatively unchanged. Our website traffic grew 15% from a year ago. Gross profit per unit for the quarter was consistent with prior year at $2,215. We continue to drive efficiencies in our inventory management systems, allowing us to maintain margins while offering attractive prices. In addition to strong retail sales in the first quarter, we reported higher wholesale units with volume up 6% for the quarter versus a year ago. This was the result of an all-time record buy rate as well as the growth in our store base year-over-year. Gross profit per wholesale unit was $1,043, an increase of 3.1% compared with last year. This strong wholesale performance likely benefited from the delay in tax refunds as well. As a percentage of sales, zero to four-year-old vehicles decreased less than 1% to 76% versus 77% in the first quarter of last year. Total SUVs and trucks accounted for about 46% of our sales, up from 43% this time last year. At this point, I'll turn it over to Tom.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Tom. As we look towards the future, we continue to believe the unique and powerful integration of our in-store and online capabilities provides us with a significant competitive advantage. And as consumers continue to do more online, it's important that we provide them with the ability to shop on their terms anywhere, anytime. While we are still in the early stages, we are very pleased with the results in our Atlanta market. The strong performance we saw last quarter carried over into the first quarter. Once again, we saw double-digit comps and the Atlanta market continues to outperform the overall company in both comp sales and appraisal buys. Our finance penetration is similar to the rest of the company, while max care penetration is slightly lower. Home delivery continues to experience high conversion, although it remains a small percentage of our overall sales in Atlanta. As I mentioned last quarter, we believe our unique omnichannel experience could be more efficient than our current model. We do anticipate some inefficiencies in some of our operations in the near-term, however, we know that we will be able to improve as omni markets mature and our customer experience centers become fully utilized. We continue to enhance our omnichannel capabilities and experiences for both our associates and customers based on their feedback and reactions. We remain confident that we are moving in the right direction and our omnichannel experience will be one of the key drivers of comp sales and market share growth going forward. Here are some specific updates on the progress of our rollout. The Atlanta customer experience center, or CEC, just opened this month, and we will be opening one in Kansas City in late July. We are also in the process of working on a third location, which will open later this year. Over time, the three large CECs will each staff more than 300 associates. Having spent some time in our new Atlanta CEC, I'm convinced that this is the right solution for continuing to improve our customer experience. The technology is state-of-the-art and integrates well with our store systems. Our associates are excited and well-positioned to focus on progressing the customer online and providing an exceptional experience. With the opening of the Atlanta CEC, we rolled the omnichannel experience to the majority of our Florida stores earlier this month. Later this quarter, we will continue the rollout to new markets, including those in North Carolina and Virginia. We remain on track to provide our omnichannel experience to the majority of our customers by the end of fiscal year 2020. As I've said on prior calls, to bring omni to life, we're leveraging the strength of the CarMax model that we've built over the past 25 years along with new technology and digital capabilities. This is an experience that we can tailor to each individual customer. This is the future of car buying. We're off to a great start, and we're excited about the future. And at this point, we'll be glad to take your questions.
Bill Nash: Sure Scot. So, in my prepared remarks, I talked a little bit about tax rate funds lending environment, but let me give you a little bit more color. On the improved execution, we highlighted conversion. The store did a phenomenal job not only on the face-to-face conversion, but getting folks on the website into the store. So, we had great conversion success. Our buyers did a phenomenal job on vehicle acquisition this quarter. Shipping logistics, we had some efficiencies we picked up there. And anytime, as we've said in the past, when we pick up these efficiencies, we generally are passing them along in price reductions. We had some improvements in the customer experience or our digital initiatives. The main things there -- I don't know if you've noticed, we have a new website that we have rolled out everywhere nationally and that's based off some feedback we've been learning in the omni markets. We have some new -- a new search experience. We have some new improvements on our search experience. It's really focused on speed and navigation. And then I think a couple of other factors that played into this. We felt like the supply -- overall auction supply was up a little bit, which is a good thing for us. And I think that was also reflected in a little bit of movement in the new used car gap. So, it really is a whole host of different factors, none of which -- not any individual one was the majority of the lift. 
Bill Nash: Yes, like last quarter, I mean, we thought we probably missed out on about a week's worth of tax refunds last quarter, so that's what we expected rolled into this quarter.
Bill Nash: Yes. Brian, and I was just reiterating, if you think about all the different factors, there was no one factor that was the majority of the lift.
Bill Nash: Yes, I guess the only thing I can confidently tell you is that every time we go into a new market, the lift is going to be different. And remember, when we rolled out Atlanta, we -- it wasn't only the new experience and the new alternative delivery methods, but we had some new advertising, we had some expanded free transfers, we had some pricing tests, so a whole bunch of things. As we roll out into future market, the only thing I would tell you is that we'll be consistent among future markets is that we'll offer the new experience, the new website experience, the new alternative delivery methods, and we'll absolutely step-up and advertise it. But beyond that, we'll be looking at each individual market and deciding what's best at the time. So, it's really hard to take one market and kind of extrapolate that over all future markets.
Bill Nash: Yes. So, first of all, for this quarter, as Tom talked about earlier, we had some leverage. Now, there was a little bit of timing and the advertising spend that we would expect to pick up, but as far as the CECs are concerned, we're still ramping them up. We -- I wouldn't say we've really realized much in the way of efficiencies between our CECs and our staffing and the store because we're going through a transition period where we're getting the staffing in the store line up appropriately as we ramp up the CECs. So, I think the optimization from the CECs, we have yet to see that.
Bill Nash: Yes. So, Sharon, we think -- we believe at this point, I talked about the three big ones. We just opened up the first of the three big ones; we have two more that we're going to be opening of this year. We're going to -- I think we feel really good about those three handling the bulk of the country. There will be some probably one-off small locations due to state regulations, i.e., if you have to be in the state to do a selling activity. The CEC is considered selling activity, so you would have to have a location in those states. But I would think about those three as being the major ones that will lift the omni. As far as efficiency, like I said last time, we would expect to take at least one person out of the store for every person that we add in the CEC. Now we've chosen to do that just through normal attrition. So, there will be some inefficiencies by design in the early couple of few months rolling it out because the day we turn on omnichannel, our stores are overstaffed because they no longer have to staff to handle e-Office leaves and calls and progressing customers that way. So -- but I think for the most part in most locations, we can work through that over like a two or three-month period. And we're making sure that we take care of our associates during that time period.
Bill Nash: Yes, it's a great question, Craig. And I think a lot of times people overlook the wholesale, but it's a huge business for us. And I think it's a huge competitive advantage. Just like with our retail customers, we want to make sure we give our wholesale dealers a great experience as well, and so we're testing different things. For example, we've tested some online selling. Keep in mind, though, our average vehicle is still 10 years old, over 100,000 miles. There are a lot of dealers who'd still want to come and look at that, but I think we're in a great position to continue to move and make changes in that space just like we are at retail. So, it's one that we haven't really focused on in this call here, but it's another one of the initiatives. We have several things that we're working on to improve that part of the business as well. 
Bill Nash: Yes. Nick, what I would tell you is we talked about the double-digit comps last quarter; we have them again this quarter. They did increase a little bit even over last quarter. So, we feel really good about that.
Bill Nash: Yes, it's hard to tell at this point, Nick. You probably know as much as we do. That's one that we'll stay close to. Obviously, we're a little bit less reliant on anything coming in from outside of the states. So, theoretically, you would think that's a good thing, but it's too early. I don't know. I don't know the answer to that.
Bill Nash: Yes. So John, the way I think about it, first of all, we feel like -- and I said this in my earlier remarks, we feel like we have a huge competitive advantage with the infrastructure that we've built over the last 25 years. We think our stores are a huge benefit that will allow us to do this omnichannel experience. Now to your question, how do we think about the future and how do we think about physical store growth in the future? We want to continue to grow sales and we want to continue to gain market share and I think it's going to be a combination of adding some additional stores, but it's also going to be leveraging our existing footprint and reaching customers in ways that we haven't been able to reach in the past. And if that means that we get really good at servicing customers that we couldn't service before and it ends up -- if you look at the runway of stores, we have plenty of growth for physical stores. But if you -- if a few stores at the end of that runway get lopped off because we're reaching more customers out of the existing infrastructure, we'd be thrilled with that. So, -- but I do think it's still going to be a combination of the two. As far as the GPU goes, for us, omni rollout and the omni experience is a separate, distinct decision versus GPU and what we charge customers. We don't think that the two are necessarily related. And at this point, we would -- we don't think that there's any reason why we can't continue to progress the omni experience and still maintain our GPUs, but those are two different decision points.
Bill Nash: Yes. No, it's way too early to know what kind of lift we can get out of our existing infrastructure. But keep in mind; we only have 206 stores at this point. They're all strategically located. We have some areas where we have holes; it would be beneficial to have stores. So, again, I go back to it's going to be a combination, and we'll see how much of a lift we can get by being able to continue to improve the omni experience.
Bill Nash: Yes. Free transfers, while we opened it up, it's just not that significant of a factor. And as we roll forward in new markets, we'll make a decision within each market that we roll out. It's not necessarily a play that we'll do every single place.
Bill Nash: Well, our data shows -- I think you said very wide, I mean, it's improving. I think we saw some improvement in the latter part of the fourth quarter. I think that improvement has continued. But I would say it's certainly isn't at places where it's been in the past. So, while I think the trend is good, it's just -- I cited it as a thing because I do think it's improving, but again, I don't -- it's just one of the many factors.
Bill Nash: Yes. So, as far as home delivery, Jake, it's too early to tell where we think that can go over time. We'll continue to monitor that, but we really don't have any detail update at this point. As far as the home delivery process, the one difference in Florida versus the Atlanta, in Atlanta, we went in with a separate home delivery team. In Florida, we're leveraging -- and as we roll forward, we're going to leverage the existing store associates. We have a new position in the stores, and they'll be responsible for home deliveries as well as express pickups. And just as a reminder, express pickup allows a customer to do everything online, essentially, but still come into the store, take a test drive, learn about the options, that kind of thing. We've done some of those in less than 30 minutes, especially when the customer doesn't really want to do the test drive but just learn about the options. And so those folks will be the ones that handle that. As far as going out, yes, at this point, we still have two associates that will go out. One has the mobile appraisal office -- I mean, the mobile business office, the other will take the inventory unit that the customer is interested in.
Bill Nash: Yes. Well, first of all, the store team is doing a phenomenal job. If you think about all the change that we're going through as an organization, it really does impact every single associate, and the store teams have risen to the occasion. They're excited about it. They're glad that we're continuing to evolve. They're glad we're continuing to meet the business. And so we feel really good about that. Now, I think we have lots of opportunity as we continue to roll this out. We still have a lot of inefficiencies here and we've talked about that in the past, some of them are by design and some of them are just because we've opened up new capabilities. And so what we're excited about, our first push is really get this omni experience out to our consumers. But equally important is it's got to be a great experience for the customers, it's got to be a great experience for our associates. We want to make it as profitable as possible. We want to have the most efficient system available. So there's lots of things that we're focused on with the overall long-term growth to continue to grow sales and market share. So, to be honest with you, I feel great about where we are and I feel great about the opportunities that we have to continue to improve it.
Bill Nash: Well, I think the efficiencies that -- the inefficiencies I talked to are specifically about omnichannel. But I think we have opportunities to continue to look for waste in other parts of the organization. We're never content to kind of be settled with where we are. We continue to push on SG&A, looking for efficiencies there. We continue to look for efficiencies in our reconditioning process. We look for efficiencies in buying logistics. So, I think there's opportunity throughout the whole organization, but I was speaking earlier specifically to the inefficiencies in omni.
Bill Nash: Yes. Scot, first of all, thanks for getting back in the queue. You just made Katharine smile on her last earnings call that you actually followed the rules. Yes, so this quarter, positive two-year stacks just like last quarter. I don't think we talked about it last quarter, but we had positive two-year stacks last quarter as well.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Tiffany. Listen, I'm sure you can tell from our comments today, we're proud of our results and what we're working on. We're excited about the future. The results we discussed today and this goes back to one of the questions that was asked, the results of today are really the product of our associates. It's their hard work, dedication to an exceptional customer experience, desire to innovate and their unwavering commitment to our values, that's the reason we're successful. And so to all of our associates, thank you for what you do every day. It's absolutely an honor to work side-by-side with you. And for those of you on the call, thank you for your interest. Thank you for your continued support of CarMax, and we will talk again next quarter.
Tom Reedy: Thanks Bill and good morning everybody. For the quarter, we saw strong performance in other gross profit, which increased 11.6%. This was largely driven by an 11.2% increase in EPP net revenues, reflecting the combined effects of strong used volume growth along with increased penetration and margins, which were partially offset by an increase in the cancellation reserve. Also remember, in last year's first quarter, EPP revenues included $4 million related to the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard. On the SG&A front, expenses for the quarter increased 11.7% to $490 million. Factors impacting our SG&A spend included the opening of 18 stores since the beginning of the first quarter last year, which represents a 10% growth in our store base; higher variable costs associated with our strong sales growth; a $14 million or $46 per unit increase in share-based compensation expense; as well as continued investment in technology platforms and digital initiatives. SG&A per used unit was $2,183, a $26 decrease year-over-year. We're pleased to show leverage in the midst of substantial investment and the $46 per unit increase in share-based compensation. While the quarter did benefit from some timing differences, we were able to offset a portion of the growth spend with efficiencies and will continue to focus our efforts on this. Our provision for income taxes benefited from the impact of stock option settlements by $3.1 million. This translates to an 89 basis point reduction in our effective tax rate for the quarter. Now, I'll turn to CAF and customer finance. In the quarter, we saw higher application volume and strong performance across all credit tiers. Tier 2 accounted for 20.3% of sales compared with 17% last year, while Tier 3 accounted for 11.5% versus 10.9% a year ago. CAF penetration net of three-day payoffs was 41.4% compared with 42.9% in last year's first quarter. While we saw increased allocations across the board, it was definitely more pronounced in the Tier 2 and Tier 3 space. Year-over-year, CAF net loans originated grew by 9.7% to $1.8 billion as the increase in used cars sold was somewhat offset by the decrease in CAF net penetration rates. For loans originated during the quarter, the weighted average contract rate charged to customers increased to 8.9% compared with 8.4% a year ago and 8.7% in the fourth quarter. CAF income of $116 million was up just slightly compared to the first quarter last year. The impact of growth and average managed receivables was offset by a $7 million increase in the provision for loan losses and a slight compression in portfolio interest margin. This margin was 5.6% versus 5.7% a year ago and 5.5% in Q4. The provision for loan losses was $38 million in Q1 versus $31 million in the prior year period. The increase arises from portfolio growth along with some unfavorable loss experienced versus our expectations, which translates into a related increase in the overall allowance for losses. The allowance at $147 million represents 1.14% of ending managed receivables versus 1.13% in Q1 of last year and 1.10% in Q4. While the allowance has increased a modest four basis points sequentially, it remains well within our range of expectations given our origination strategy and portfolio mix. As we discussed last quarter, we are committed to enhancing shareholder value through continued investment in our associates, our business and our capital structure. During the quarter, we opened three stores, two in new markets, Waco and McAllen, Texas; and our second store in Memphis, Tennessee. Earlier in June, we opened our Atlanta customer experience center. Over the next 12 months, we're anticipating opening 14 more stores and two customer experience centers. During the first quarter, we repurchased approximately 3 million shares for $205 million. Since starting the stock buyback program in 2012, we have returned more than $4.6 billion to shareholders and we have $1.9 billion remaining in current authorizations. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Bill.
Tom Reedy: Yes. So, Brian, I'll hit your questions. One, the CAF has not changed its origination strategy material at all. We're always testing, but as far as the quality and structure of the portfolio we are originating, it's been very consistent. When you see shifts in the mix, particularly about where -- how much CAF penetration is, that's usually a -- it's generally a byproduct of the mix of customers coming in. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we did see application volume up for all credit qualities, but it's definitely more pronounced at the lower end. And so in general, that's going to favor the Tier 2 and Tier 3 folks as far as their attach rate. Now that said, we've seen very solid performance from our partners, both in the Tier 2 and Tier 3 space. I wouldn't say it's any different from what we've seen in the last -- saw last quarter and maybe in the third quarter, but Tier 2 definitely improved over the back half of last year. So, on a year-over-year basis, we're seeing stronger conversion. And Tier 3, if you remember, in the third quarter, we shifted some of the allocation of apps across our partners. And so because of that, we're seeing conversion higher year-over-year. But from a kind of sequential perspective, I think they're all performed about the same as earlier this year and firing on all cylinders and we're happy with their performance. Did that hit everything, Brian or I think--
Tom Reedy: The only thing I would say is the strength of Tier 2 is -- would definitely be a help on -- vis-à-vis last year because as you would imagine, as you go down the credit spectrum, a customer who gets a CAF offer is much more likely to convert to a sale than a customer who gets a Tier 2 offer, and that's more likely to convert than a customer who gets a Tier 3 offer. So, they're -- with the fact that Tier 2 is seeing more volume and there's -- they're incrementally a little bit stronger year-over-year, you would expect that some of those that they approve that would've gone down to Tier 3 probably wouldn't have turned into sales. But you can't -- there's so many moving parts that you really can't quantify it.
Tom Reedy: I think what I just said a little earlier, over the back half of last year, we saw our lender performance -- so we define lender performance by what percent of applications that they see convert into a sale. So, we saw that conversion increase over the back half of last year and its remained stable since. And obviously, also, there's more customer volume in that space, which favors them as well that we don't control.
Tom Reedy: Yes, the penetration rate this quarter was purely a result of the mix coming through the door. And as I mentioned, the allowanced as it is, is quite a comfortable spot. Obviously, it represents our best estimate of what future losses will be. And so losses trend to that rate. We're very comfortable that we're still originating a highly financeable, highly profitable portfolio, so I wouldn't foresee any changes. Obviously, caveat that with the future is the future and we'll continue to monitor it and adjust as appropriate to the extent it is. But at this point, we're very comfortable.
