Jon Daniels: Thanks, Enrique and good morning everyone. Our CarMax Auto Finance business delivered strong results once again. For the fourth quarter, CAF’s penetration net of 3-day payoffs was 41% compared with 43.5% last year. Tier 2 increased to 23.7% of used unit sales compared with 21% last year, and Tier 3 accounted for 6.7% of sales compared with 9.5% a year ago. Year-over-year reduction in CAF’s penetration is attributed to a larger percentage of customers coming in with outside financing. Our Tier 2 partners continue to provide highly competitive credit offers as they compete for additional volume within the Max channel. These strong offers, along with the decrease in conversion in the lower portion of the credit spectrum driven by higher average selling prices and corresponding monthly payments, contributed to the swap and penetration between Tiers 2 and 3. During this year’s fourth quarter, CAF’s net loans originated was nearly $2.1 billion. The weighted average contract rate charged to new customers was 8.2%, down from 8.5% a year ago and 8.3% in the third quarter. The difference in EPR is primarily a result of the credit mix of customers booking with CAF. CAF income for the quarter was $194 million, an increase of 3% or $6 million from the same period last year. Total interest margin increased $64 million, driven by $42 million in higher interest and fee income from our continued growth in receivables and $22 million in lower interest expense from the past ABS deals that continue to provide value over time. This improvement in CAF’s margin and the growth in average managed receivables more than offset a substantial increase in the provision for loan losses, which was a more normalized $54.4 million in the current year’s fourth quarter versus $4.6 million in the prior year’s fourth quarter. In the prior year’s fourth quarter, the provision for loan losses benefited from the continued reduction in the reserve that was established at the start of the COVID pandemic. The current quarter’s provision of $54 million resulted in an ending reserve balance of $433 million or 2.77% of managed receivables. This is largely consistent with the 2.75% at the end of the third quarter and includes a 3 basis point adjustment for additional Tier 2 and Tier 3 volume originated by CAF. I also want to take the opportunity to highlight a few of the accomplishments made since our last call regarding our online finance experience. As a reminder, nearly 2/3 of our customers begin their financing process on carmax.com, applying on any vehicle in our inventory or simply a requested dollar amount. Our unique finance-based shopping engine, available to most of our customers, allows for multiple lenders to decision a single customer or co-applicants on our entire inventory to provide a full suite of personalized decisions available at the consumer’s fingertips. This tool is incorporated into the search page within carmax.com, allowing the user to sort and filter not only on the vehicles characteristics, but also on important finance terms such as monthly payment and down payment. During the month of March, we further enhanced this experience and are now testing a no-impact-to-your-credit-score feature, along with the streamlined application process that provides real-time credit decisions on our full inventory. We believe that our differentiated multi-lender platform, coupled with these and additional enhancements that are on the horizon, will further strengthen our digital shopping experience. Now, I will turn the call back over to Bill.
Jon Daniels: Yes. Rajat, I can take the affordability question. Appreciate that question. Yes, I think we’ve mentioned before in the kind of the non-CAF customer, lower credit spectrum customer, certainly, we feel affordability is maybe often price them out of the market. You can see that probably reflected in our Tier 3 percentage of sales. But if you look at the CAF customer, I think there is impact there as well. If I look at kind of the micro aspect here, customer last year was coming in purchasing a $20,000 car, maybe putting $1,000 down. Now they are coming in and they are financing $19,000 in that case, they are coming in and they are borrowing $28,000 and they – if they saw that same $1,000 down, they are asking for $27,000. CAF has a decision to make, as all lenders do, are they going to let that person borrow that much more money? So there is an affordability question there. I think what we are seeing is, in the case of CAF, and we will speak to our penetration this quarter CAF was not necessarily just allowing someone to borrow that $27,000. Potentially, their income didn’t increase at the same level as their requested amount. So there are other lenders out there that maybe were willing to provide that larger dollar amount, so that did affect our penetration. People are taking longer terms out there. Right now, you see a much higher prevalence of used car loans higher than 72 months. It’s clear, it’s marked year-over-year. CAF actually does not provide a loan greater than 72 months, even though people are trying to manage that affordability through term. That may or may not be the right decision for them, but CAF is exacerbating that. So I think there is a couple of things that affect the penetration and are clear impacts of affordability for the customer. The last thing to your point on rates, we clearly have seen a signaling that rates are going to go up. They have gone up initially. They are going to probably continue to go up this year. The back half of this quarter, CAF actually did do some price testing up. We’ve often shared where we will price test down or up randomly. We did a movement up this quarter. We did see that clearly impact our penetration, but we think it’s the right thing to do as we manage our margin. We think as prices go up, we will continue to do that testing, and we think other lenders will follow in kind or be compressed. So we will pass that along as we see fit. We want to remain highly competitive in the marketplace, but yes, we want to make sure that we’re managing margin as well. 
Jon Daniels: Yes. Fair comments, Seth. Yes. No, I would say just point to our reserve-to-receivable ratio steady from last quarter to this quarter, we mentioned we felt like we were kind of returned to pre-pandemic levels. We think we are there. We feel really good about our reserve right now, and we have a good handle on the business. . So, if all things perform as we expect, really, the focal point on the future provision will be on the new originations. And then obviously, there is a mix of Tier 1, Tier 2, Tier 3 and the volume we originate, but I think we are pretty steady and in a good spot.
Jon Daniels: Yes. I appreciate the question, David. Yes, I mentioned in our earlier comments around affordability, let’s just talk about penetration and appreciate you going back to pre-pandemic levels. Historically, Q4 is not going to be one of the highest CAF penetration quarters, obviously being wedged up against tax time. But that being said, it is down, we are losing penetration to outside financing. I mentioned previously, we really believe this is an affordability aspect. People are coming in looking to borrow more money given the ASPs that are out there. As a lender, we have a decision to make, which is, are we going to ask for more money down. We are going to let them borrow that full amount. In some cases, we are not letting them borrow that full amount that they are asking for given the higher ASP, and perhaps there is another lender externally that’s willing to provide that full amount, even though the income maybe not have gone up at the same level. So, we think we are losing in that case. I also mentioned around the longer terms. People are clearly managing affordability to extending that term. That is far more impactful to lowering the monthly payment than any rate adjustment, so we do not provide a greater than a 72-month term on a used loan right now. CAF does not actually impacted CarMax. None of our lenders do. So, we think there are people out there that are absolutely providing that. That’s been shown in the data. So, I think those two things are contributing to penetration. I also mentioned we did price testing up which, again, trying to be in line with where interest rates are headed to manage our margins. So, we did see some impacts there. So, I think that’s what’s changing the actual penetration for this quarter. To your question of where do we want it to be, I think we probably think more about it as we want to be highly competitive. There are ebbs and flows all the time based on what external folks do, but we want to remain highly competitive and provide our higher-end customers an opportunity to finance internally. But that’s what we love about our platform. You can do a three-day payoff. We do have other lenders pick up stuff if we don’t want to extend the full amounts, and we can still sell the car in CarMax. So, I don’t think we are targeting a penetration, and I would expect it to ebb and flow over time, especially as prices come down.
Jon Daniels: Right now in the CarMax stores or in the CarMax business, we do not offer a used loan greater than 72 months. It’s something that we may or may not consider in the future. But right now, that is not what we are doing across CAF or our other lenders.
Jon Daniels: We have chosen not to. Again, we are trying to make the right decision for the customer. We are not necessarily convinced that 84 months is best on a used car, so we will see what the market dictates. And we obviously know that prices are increasing and terms are increasing, but we also expect prices to probably normalize as well, and it might not be necessary. But again, we want to make the best decision for the customer, and we feel like we are still able to sell vehicles without providing that today.
Bill Nash: Sure. Good morning, Craig. There is a lot in that question. So first of all, I feel really great about our IO success. I think it’s really been so successful because of a bunch of reasons. One, I think it’s really the experience and the ease of use of the product. I think it also has the backing and the brand recognition of CarMax, and I mean, let’s not forget, this is what we do. We’ve been buying cars from consumers since 1993. We have started advertising, obviously, for it. If I look at the fourth quarter and think about our advertising spend, we break it down between kind of brand awareness and acquisition awareness. I would tell you. The acquisition awareness, we spent a little bit more on vehicle acquisition awareness this past quarter than we have in previous quarters, so we feel good about the advertising. Now I think, obviously, I think everybody in the marketplace is benefiting a little bit from higher valuations, but I think that’s the minority of the bump that we’ve seen, so we’re excited about that. As far as my comments earlier, yes, look, first of all, we’re going to continue to improve that experience for our consumers. But we’re also – we’ve been testing and we will continue to roll this out to make it available to other dealers. It’s an easy way to get rid of inventory that they are looking to get rid of as well as we will look for other partnerships where we can leverage this.
Bill Nash: Yes. I’ll let Enrique talk about the SG&A. And then the CAF business, we will let Jon answer that, so.
Bill Nash: Yes. I think, as I said earlier, consumer confidence was obviously one of the factors. I think we actually – right after we saw the COVID surge, I think as we’re kind of transitioning out of that, we started to see kind of just lack of consumer confidence. And I think that’s a very similar situation that we’re in right now, just for the reasons that we talked about. From an affordability standpoint, you’ve got interest rates going up. Inflation, you’ve got the Ukraine-Russia war. There is just a lot weighing on the consumer right now. So as far as when that turns around, I don’t know. But again, I think to Enrique’s point earlier, I mean, we’re going to continue to manage this. We’ve managed through cycles like this before, and we think we’re in a position to do it in a way that we can continue to gain market share.
Bill Nash: Yes, good morning, John. Thanks for the question. First of all, the affordability, while you’re right, it’s a headwind for retail, it’s actually good for wholesale, as you saw our wholesale margins. And I think that’s one of the benefits of having the diversified business because as you saw, our GPU for wholesale was up. I think the unit ASP, if you’d ask me, probably 3 or 4 months ago, I would have said I was hoping later this year, we will see some relief. I’m just not sure. Especially given the war in Ukraine and Russia, I’m not sure new car supply is going to come around later this year, that’s to be determined. I think that’s a big factor that will help mitigate just some of the overall price inflation in both new and used cars. But what I will tell you is, though, to your question about GPU, I think that we’re in a great spot. I mean, if you look at the benefit we’ve got with self-sufficiency, and I talked a little bit about that, we – everybody is seeing inflationary pressure as well. The nice thing is we have a lever that’s offsetting those inflationary pressures. So if you didn’t have a lever offsetting inflationary pressures, that’s obviously going to be either cutting into your margin or it’s going to be raising your average selling prices. And then we still have benefit left over beyond that to pass along to the retail consumers. And I think our self-sufficiency benefits are still kind of maturing. I think there is more potential there and how we manage that and how we do our offers, that kind of thing. So as I think about the future, even if you get into a depreciating environment, which we have shown over time in a depreciating environment, we are still able to maintain very consistent GPUs. I think with self-sufficiency, I think with our diversified business which the CAF profit that can be generated wholesale – additional wholesale profit that can be generated I think we can maintain very good margins per unit as well as having great retail front prices. So I think we’re well positioned for however the market, if it’s going forward.
Bill Nash: Yes, Daniel. I think when I look at the tax season this year, I think it’s very representative of what we saw last year. Now remember, last year, it was a late tax season in comparison to what we normally see. So this year was – timing was very similar last year. I do think the refunds are a little bit higher this year versus last year. But I think the other complicating factor that you don’t have this year that you had last year was the stimulus that was paid out in January and March, so it’s really hard to decouple all that. I would just go back to my comments on the consumer confidence earlier, which is – which, I think, is – regardless of the kind of the tax season, I just think the consumer isn’t as strong a position as they were a year ago.
Bill Nash: Yes. So, we feel great about both our capacity, production capacity and our staffing at this point. Pretty much the whole year, first quarter, second quarter, third quarter, as I talked about trying to get staffing ramped up, I talked about lower inventory. And coming out of the third quarter, I had made comments. Look, we are well on our way to getting inventory to where we need to be. I don’t think inventory was necessarily a big topic for the fourth quarter. When I look at our inventory levels, I always look at it on a kind of a per average store, and have always been historically, on average, it’s about 320. We are not quite at the 320. But I would tell you, I don’t think it was a big story. I do feel like we have got the capacity we need. We obviously can – right, currently, we have – we can build more than 1 million cars a year. And the capital expenditures that Enrique talked about earlier, that’s all part of our natural planning process. As we look out to the future, we already have some production facilities we are working on, but these are additional production facilities. As well as just given the success of our wholesale business, we want to make sure that we can accommodate all the space. So really, it’s just us doing business as we normally do it.
Bill Nash: Yes. I think the only difference in the capital expenditures, which Enrique has called out on a couple of different calls now, is just the stepped-up investment in technology. Just as a bigger percent of our overall CapEx spend.
Bill Nash: Yes. No. Look, we feel great about the auction business. As you know, we continue to run that 100% virtual right now. When you think about the CapEx, your auction expense is a lot less than your overall production expense. Because production, you are building out facilities, they are expensive. Auctions you just essentially need space at this point. I mean there is some build out on some larger auction facilities, but – to hold this inventory. But we feel great about the plans and are very comfortable with how we have been operating, and the fact that we can continue to grow the wholesale business, really, at a quicker pace than just kind of along with the normal growth that it sees when it’s growing as we sell more retail cars.
Bill Nash: Yes, Seth. When we look at market share and even in the fourth quarter, we had great market share growth, and we go off of Pulp data, which is title data. The reason we only look on an annual basis is because it was really like a two-month to three-month lag there. So, we are very confident that we gained not only market share for the whole year, but we gained not only market share for the whole year, but we gained it for the fourth quarter. And as my comment said earlier, we feel really, really good about market share gains in the first quarter despite what’s going on in the macro factors. And when I look at the market share, it doesn’t matter if you break it down zero to 4-year-old cars, 5 years to 7 years, 8 years to 10 years, we got double-digit growth in all those buckets. So, we feel great about it. And the other thing I would point out is that market share growth is primarily – it’s coming through comps. It’s not like we have opened a whole bunch of new markets, and that’s what’s driving the market share, which, again, we are excited about.
Bill Nash: Yes. The only other thing I would add to that, Chris, is our goal isn’t to generate a bunch of profit sharing. I mean we want to have these things priced fairly for the consumer. You got some profit sharing, just – I think it was more driven by people just lack of driving, things like that. But our goal is not to necessarily drive a big revenue recognition at the end of the year.
Bill Nash: Okay. So, Chris, just on kind of incremental share, we are in the process of developing kind of a buy share that looks at vehicles that originally were with the consumer. The last person that they were was essentially with the consumer, and so we are working on a metric there. We feel great about – we have certainly increased that by share. We know that, and now we are just trying to be able to quantify it more. So, that’s something we are looking at. But we certainly are comfortable that the bulk of this are coming from other consumers. As far as the buy rate, Historically, the way we talked about buy rate before instant offer was how many people come into the store and ended up getting an appraisal, and then what did we – what percent of those cars would we actually buy. Then we added the instant online appraisal in the way we buy – we measure buy rate now is you take – because we are issuing probably a couple to 3 million instant offers in a quarter, and there is a lot of folks who just kind of shop and to see what their vehicle is worth. So, the way we calculate buy right now is the instant offers when they show up at the store, how much of those actually convert in addition to the traditional way that we looked at it. And we are in the 40% on buy rate. If you look at it the more traditional way that we used to look at it, it’s probably in the low-30%ish, 30%ish. So hopefully, that’s the color that you needed.
Bill Nash: Well, and I think it’s also the reason that you want to have also other lenders so that if we keep our portfolio in paper very, very consistent, having other lenders there in CarMax’s camp is a great thing.
Bill Nash: Yes. No, great question, Sharon. And look, I think back on kind of pre-pandemic, if I look at our overall advertising spend, we are spending – as we said we would, we said we are going to spend more. We are spending about 70% more than pre-pandemic, which if you look at it on a unit basis, it’s probably about a 55% or so increase on a per unit basis. I think we kind of came right in the range of where we talked about being this year when we started out this year, in that mid-$300 per unit. And I would tell you, I think we are at a point where there are certain things we want to make sure that we advertise and get out there, especially as we have new functionality. And I can’t see us necessarily taking a step back on our advertising. Now, to your question, do you continue to step up, that’s where we will figure out what’s going on in the dynamics, where is the consumer right now, to figure out if we go beyond that. But I think a good way to think about it, is the spend on a per unit basis this year will be similar to what it was for last year.
Bill Nash: Yes. So Daniel, I mean surprisingly, there are still folks that have negative equity out there today, albeit it’s down just because the prices are up hot. But that’s an environment that we have lived in for the last almost 30 years. We have consumers coming in with negative equity. Now you have got, obviously, is this price appreciation, is there a risk down the road that some customers, it may be harder for them because they can’t come up with a big enough down payment or whatever. But again, the way I think about it is – and Jon talked a little bit about this. If you look at loan-to-value, loan-to-values have actually gone down. People are putting more down payments down, so I think that’s a good sign. I think the other thing is all these customers are buying today, it’s not like they are going to all decide to trade in a year from now or 2 years from now or 3 years from now. They are going to be sprinkled throughout time, and we will manage the business just like we have in the past with other customers that have negative equity. So, we feel like we will be able to manage it both from a sales standpoint, but also to your point, on the buy standpoint as well.
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, Jess. Well, listen, I want to thank all of you for joining the call today and your questions and your support. I look back, FY ‘22 was a great year. It is great sales. It’s great earnings, it’s great market share. We have been making investments and those investments are paying off, and we are really excited about the opportunities ahead of us as we continue to be that positive and disruptive force within the used car industry. And again, I want to thank all of our associates because they are the reason for our success. Appreciate everything that they do on a daily basis, and we will talk again next quarter. Thank you again for your time.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. So other overhead this quarter really was it’s a continuation of our investment in our technology spend and also costs related to growth. So you got to keep in mind the tremendous amount of cars that we’re buying through the A lane, to the appraisal lane, as well as an increase in our wholesale business. So I would say that was certainly up this quarter. I would expect it to continue to be up. I think taking a step back, though, in taking a look at overall SG&A and all its components. Heading into next year, we do expect, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, to need in excess of the 5% to 8% growth in growth profit in order to lever, and that really has to do with the timing of our investments this year. We were successful in staffing the business up. As you recall at the beginning of the year, we had some staffing challenges and we ramped up that staffing throughout the year, and that will comp into next year. So really, when we look at that higher and 5% to 8% gross profit for next year, it’s driven primarily by that timing of that staffing investments that we need to continue to grow this business.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: And Rajat, just to expand a little bit on that SG&A. I think it’s important to remember as well that we’re focused on capturing the opportunities in our transforming and fragmented industry, right? So whether it’s the right time to invest for us, and whether there is periods of strong industry performance or more challenged industry performance like we faced in the fourth quarter, our goal is to take profitable market share, which as Bill talked about in his prepared remarks, we do believe in the fourth quarter, despite sales being down that we still have market share in our segment. And again, that is our objective as we continue to move forward, which means we’re going to continue to invest. It’s just a huge opportunity for us, and that’s where we’re going to continue.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. From a CapEx perspective, we are really just matching our capacity to the longer term demand. And like Bill said, it’s just natural kind of steps we are taking, just being very thoughtful in our approach to capacity expansion to make sure that over time, we can meet the longer term targets that we have set out there.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, it’s actually fairly interesting. And I talked about this on Analyst Day, but if you go back a few years, about 15% of our CapEx spend was on technology. And now that we have been transforming our business, as we look to this year and next year, we are looking at about 30% of our overall CapEx spend is related to technology, so certainly, not in the direction of becoming omni-channel retailer.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. I think there are different considerations in EPP, right. The kind of the core business, which is driven by sales and an attach rate from our ESP and EPP products. And then there is a year-end profit sharing that we have with our partners. So, I think on the prior year, I think it’s growing our business, growing our penetration, that will continue to grow. And then the consideration in the fourth quarter this year was that we had more profit sharing revenue than we did last year in the fourth quarter, just our profit sharing was higher. And so given the timing of when we recognize that. If you recall, last year, we actually had one of our partners in profit-sharing revenue that was in the second quarter. They were recognized on a quarterly basis. They have moved in fiscal year ‘22 to an annual basis, so now all of our recognition of profit sharing is in the fourth quarter, which is why we saw a little bit higher this year of profit sharing in the fourth quarter. But taking a look at our business, again, if you take a look at the core sales, you take a look at EPP attachment rates, which has been going really well. We are stable at about 60%, and we would expect that to continue moving forward as well.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: And I think approaching our CAF business that way is really what leads us to have a really strong portfolio of receivables out there and a really strong and consistent performing business in CAF.
