Tom Folliard: I’m not sure, Matt. We deleveraged in the quarter, but that was largely due to a relatively low comp. I’m not sure of the timing of openings during the rest of the year, but it was definitely impacted by a heavy weight of newer stores in the quarter.
Tom Folliard: The changes in the program, we discussed at the end of the year when we talked about having to make adjustments for the reserve, so we had some price changes and we saw some impact in penetration, but we’ve had price changes several times over the last 20 years that we’ve been doing this, and occasionally it has a little bit bigger of an impact. It’s still a very strong ESP penetration for the quarter, and EPP is a combination of both ESP and GAP, both of which had price changes since the last time we talked.
Tom Folliard: If you remember, our water flow of assets starts with CAF and goes on to Tier 2, and from there to Tier 3, so Tier 3 doesn’t see any of the applications that are approved and booked by anything above them.
Tom Folliard: It’s a similar drop-off, Brian, in points of sale – about five points in the first quarter, five points in the second quarter. It still represents 15% of our sales, it’s still business that we’re really happy to do, and really happy to have a credit offer that reaches all kinds of different customers.
Tom Folliard: Yeah, we can get back to you on that. I’m not sure.Liz Suzuki – Bank of America: All right, thank you.
Tom Folliard: You can back into it with our contract rate from CAF, but then you’d have to go all the way down the credit tier as well, so.Liz Suzuki – Bank of America: All right, thanks.
Tom Folliard: Matt, we actually don’t model it and we don’t know where it’s going to settle out. As Tom mentioned earlier, it’s a reflection of our partners’ behavior and the credit we have coming through the door. We’re happy to do every one of these deals. We think they’re 100% incremental. Remember – Tier 3 lenders don’t see an application until it’s declined by every other lender, so it’s a part of the business that’s going to come out the way it comes out, and we expect some volatility there but we don’t really have any view into where we expect it to shake out long-term.
Tom Folliard: Yeah Seth, as Tom said, 90% of customers are getting approval from somebody in our kind of hemisphere of lending, and that number has been—you know, 90 has kind of been as high as it’s ever been for us, but it’s been stable there for a couple of years now.
Tom Folliard: This quarter was not very much different from last quarter. Whenever we talk about conversion and traffic, my view is that you have to look at both of those things on a much longer term basis than just one quarter, and I’ve always felt like our growth will come partially from growth, but it never seems to match up exactly in a quarter. So like you said, conversion was flattish, traffic was slightly up, but I’m not sure what that says for the quarters going forward.
Tom Folliard: And as you know, Scot, we’ve been doing this for a long time. We’ve done lots of securitizations, and when you look at the aggregate portfolio that we’re originating, it’s delivering a very low loss rate and is very attractive to investors.
Tom Folliard: Sure, thank you, Scot. Most of inventory growth in the first couple of quarters has been around a combination of new stores that are open and building inventory for new stores that are about to be open. We have some stores that are carrying more inventory than they did last year, and we were a little bit low last year and we had relatively high turns with pretty good comps in the first and second quarter last year. So it’s a combination of we were probably a little behind where we wanted to be last year. We intentionally are a little ahead this year, but it’s mostly driven by either new stores that are open or preparing to open new stores, so we have to buy cars in advance, we have recondition them, we have to have them in process, and in many cases shipping some pretty significant distances to get new stores open, like the last one in Portland.
Tom Folliard: Yeah, our average retail was pretty close in the second quarter compared to the first quarter. In terms of supply, the first part for us is looking at self-sufficiency. Self-sufficiency was slightly over 50%, so those are the cars that we buy through the appraisaling that then become retail cars for us, but not much of a change from the first quarter. In terms of the new car sales translating to future supply, I think you said it – we’re in the early innings, and I would agree with you although we’ve seen a nice pick-up in SAAR. The supply kind of trickle down will happen over the next couple of years, so we’re excited about that. We have said in the past that we historically over-perform in kind of two, three, four-year-old cars. That mix of sales for us was slightly up in the quarter but not very much, and so we still think that is yet to come.
Tom Folliard: I don’t really have much of a prediction on that. The only time we’ve ever seen significant drop-off in our average retail was during the recession, when we saw our average retail drop by over $2,000. Other than that, due to inflation and due to just continued increased costs of new cars, a new car now is over $30,000, it’s just not something that I think will go backwards.
Tom Folliard: No. I’m not sure what you mean there, but no, we’re not doing that. We’re only selling cars that we own.
Tom Folliard: All right, thank you very much. Thanks for joining us today, and thanks for your continued interested in CarMax, and of course thanks to all of our associates for all you do every day, and we’ll talk to you again next quarter.
Tom Reedy: Yeah, we had a heavy weight of new stores at the end of last year and early this year, so it’s definitely the most effective new locations we’ve had in recent history.
Tom Reedy: Yeah, it’s very hard to pull that all apart, and we’re not in a position to talk about how much specific headwind Tier 3 was. As you saw, it was down about five points year-over-year as a percent of our sales, which is consistent with last year; but we need to remember that Tier 3 is not only impacted by their behavior but by what’s going on above them and what’s coming through the door. Over time, we’ve seen the mix of Tier 2 to Tier 3 change – you know, two years ago Tier 2 was a bigger percentage of sales, last year Tier 3 was bigger. This year, we’ve seen Tier 2 pick up somewhat, so they’ve been picking up some of the penetration that Tier 3 lost, but it’s difficult to discern exactly how that translates through the comps because Tier 3’s behavior is also a byproduct of what they’re seeing and what they’re experiencing in their portfolio.
Tom Reedy: Sure, I can comment a little bit on that. The Tier 3, as I said, it’s a combination of factors. We’re clearly seeing them continue to provide, I’ll say less attractive offers than they were a year ago, less compelling offers for the customer so therefore we’re seeing less conversion in that space. But as I mentioned, it’s a byproduct of their behavior plus what they’re seeing coming through the door, and we’ve seen some pickup in the behavior of our other partner lenders. With regard to our Tier 3 experiment, we’re still early into it – we just started. I think the first wave of originations is just starting to anniversary six months, so we’re really not in a position to talk about how that’s going yet, and we’ll have an update for you as soon as something makes sense to talk about. But it’s on track, we’re expecting to continue to do it throughout the year and get through the test as we announced it.
Tom Reedy: I wouldn’t know specifically. I’d say we’re seeing the same type of trend as we did in Q1. Remember, we first talked about this at the very end of—we saw it happening at the very end of Q3. There was a notable shift in behavior. I think—you know, we have no reason to think behavior is changing from where it is today. We want those guys to run a profitable business that’s going to be sustainable and support our customers for the long run. They are going to test and make changes as appropriate for their portfolio, and we wish them all the best of luck in doing it. As far as Q1 to Q2, though, I would say it’s more of a continuation of the same. We’re seeing less attractive offers than a year ago being presented to the customer, and therefore less take-up on the Tier 3.
Tom Reedy: Hey Matt, it’s Tom Reedy. If you look at that, and I think if you remember last quarter, we noted that stock-based comp was favorable in the quarter and didn’t want to take any credit for it. This quarter, it went back the other way because the stock price went up, and I think you’re right to look at it in kind of a year-to-date basis rather than a quarter-to-quarter, because that piece has been quite volatile.
Tom Reedy: Down very slightly, but we’re still seeing over 90% of our customers receiving approval of some kind in our stores. If you remember, as we’ve been talking about the last couple of quarters, the decline in kind of attach on the subprime business is more a byproduct of the nature of the offers that the lenders are providing, whereas in the past a $13,000 loan may have had a $100 or $200 down payment requirement, that number may be several hundred dollars higher today, making it a more difficult transaction for the customer. So it’s a combination of a number of things, but as far as actually receiving an offer, it’s still very strong in our stores and overall we’re very happy with the finance environment. We think we have a great array of lenders for our customers, and customers have great access to financing in the CarMax system.
Tom Reedy: CAF was relatively flat as far as penetration for the quarter, and we saw subprime down a few points. We saw an increase in Tier 2 and a smaller increase in the customers that did not need financing in our system.
Tom Reedy: Scot, that number is the Tier 3 providers plus the CAF test, so it’s all customers that would have been funded in that space, including ours, which is a very small portion of it is CAF.
Tom Reedy: No, as we’ve talked about before, Scot, CAF’s (indiscernible) if you want to call it that, is across a broad spectrum of credit, and it’s customers that we’re experienced with in our system, we have a good track record with and we’re able to securitize. I’m very hesitant to define subprime because I think it’s different in the eyes of almost anyone you ask. You can look at the strat tables in our deals and kind of get a feel for it, but—you know, we like every customer we do at CAF. That’s why we’re approving them.
Tom Reedy: I can say overall through the quarter, we saw credit applications down very slightly. There’s nothing specific to talk about as far as volumes through the door. I don’t think there’s much—
Tom Reedy: No, if you remember earlier in the—or at the end of last year, we adjusted the rates at which we reserve on both ESP and the GAP product. This year, part of the reason that we are seeing increased costs, or a lower amount of revenue margin in those products, is that we are reserving at that higher rate. As far as—there’s no major adjustments embedded in that, but we are reserving at a higher rate than we were a year ago, and have been all this year.
