Thomas J. Folliard: Thank you, Tom. Also during the second quarter we opened our Escondido store. this is our second store in the San Diego market, and we expect to open North Attleboro, Massachusetts and Chattanooga, Tennessee in the third and fourth quarters. In addition to the 3 stores we previously announced that will open in the first quarter of our next fiscal year, we also reported on our planned openings for the second quarter. These include 2 stores in new CarMax markets in Florida, Fort Myers and Naples, and another store in our existing Los Angeles market in Oxnard. We plan to open 8 to 10 stores in fiscal 2013 and at the end of this fiscal year, we expect to report on our plans for the future. At this time, we'll open it up for questions.
Thomas J. Folliard: You know that it's always a challenge. Just based on our experience and evaluating the variables that we've dealt with in the past, we felt like this was more external particularly with what you've seen with consumer confidence and all the other troubles in the economy. We stay focused on our consumer offer. We want to make sure our consumer offer is the best in the business and we continue to invest in the things that will improve our consumer offer. Our average store still sells over 330 cars a month, a negative 2% comp is not a big drop for us in volume. If you look at what the average new car dealer sells, it's somewhere between 30 and 50 cars a month. So we stay focused on what we're doing internally. We're obviously going to closely monitor what we see in the competitive environment, but we haven't seen anything that leads us to believe that we're heading down the wrong path.
Thomas J. Folliard: I wouldn't read anything into it. It's such a small change year-over-year. I mean, I've talked about this before and the $20, $30, $40 range on the product that we're selling, it's -- we can't manage it that tight within $20 or $30. So the -- although you can look at some changes year-over-year or sequentially, we're still running our margins at all-time highs and we've talked about that in the past and we've also talked about, if we could, we would trade margin for sales. We still don't see that as viable in this market, but in terms of the change year-over-year, I wouldn't read into it at all.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, I mean, if you look at our financial performance, with a negative 2% comp, we still comped our earnings over last year. When you go back to the recession when we went down 17%, down 24%, down 26%, our earnings were obviously going south in a hurry, which caused us to make different decisions. That's clearly not the case here. And comp sales are only one piece of what our business has become and we've talked about being a diversified profit stream and wholesale and CarMax Auto Finance are doing really well. And from a financial perspective, we feel very well-positioned to continue to go after the growth that's out there in front of us. So it is not -- we have not wavered one bit in terms of looking at growth looking going forward.
Thomas J. Folliard: Very little. I mean still with the -- these average retails that we've seen in the -- throughout this fiscal year are all-time highs for us and the marketplace just because of the supply-demand imbalance has been driving all the price change, and when you look at our margins and you think about a movement of $100 or $200 on a $19,000-car, it really doesn't -- it really hasn't made much of a difference.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, and we can't guarantee that, but it's always been our belief that a high SAAR is good for us and it's is not just because of trade-ins, it's an indicator of consumer confidence and demand. I think if consumers are out there in bigger numbers and they're looking for a car and they're looking for a new car average price well over $20,000, a lot of them realize that they can get a great deal on a used car or get more than they thought they could get by coming over to CarMax and every time we've seen an increase in SAAR of any significance, we have benefited from it. So there's 2 pieces, just you mentioned the trade-in piece, but we think it's an indicator of demand and that will benefit as well. But we'll have to wait and see.
Thomas J. Folliard: I mean that's one thing we've been concerned about. I've talked about our prices being higher than we would like them to be. I think right now just because of the lack of supply, it's -- used cars are at an all-time high, new cars are at an all-time high, so sure that could have been a factor. And I think that's what we talked about earlier with the external environment, consumer confidence is down and when you look at the product that we sell, it almost always requires a loan and somebody has to still go out there and be confident in their job and be confident in signing up for -- loans are 6 and 7 years long now on cars.
Thomas J. Folliard: I don't know if it's a sustainable, and you're right it's been -- there's been a dramatic difference in the growth rate in wholesale and retail and it's been very difficult for us to figure out exactly why that's happening. We talked about at last quarter, I said, "My belief is I think a lot of people are just getting out of an extra car to turn them into cash." Again the growth rate has surprised us also. Last quarter we were up 30%, that was on top of a 50% growth rate in wholesale, the year prior. With a negative 2% comp this quarter, our wholesale sales obviously we're up another 23%. It's one of those things where we run a terrific wholesale business. We have a great marketing team to have an extremely high dealer of ratio at our auctions, so we get excellent price realization. And we're going to keep running that business the best we can and we are prepared to handle big comps in that business, but in terms of trying to figure out why it's happening or why there's been a disconnect it's been very difficult.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, we're still quick to not blame the weather. So I mean the hurricane did hit. It went pretty much right up the East Coast that's where our highest-volume stores are. Our store teams did a phenomenal job of getting our stores prepared to make sure that our assets and our employees were all protected. But in terms of how much power loss and how -- what's the length of time our stores were closed, it would -- really, it wasn't very long. Now that doesn't mean that consumers did not shop during that time because of wind and rain and just not a good time to go out and try to buy a car, but it happened at the very end of the quarter. We still have always believed that if there's any sales loss, we get it back later. We don't really look at it as terms of its impact over the quarter.
Thomas J. Folliard: It's possible, but it doesn't impact what we do as long as we believe that our consumer offer is -- continues to be superior, and our volumes would say that that's still true. And one thing you have to remember is that the whole total of all the publicly traded new car dealers makes up less than 2% of 1- to 6-year-old used cars sold in the marketplace. So it's one measure, but it's a very, very small measure. They're not in every single market that we operate in and there's not a consistent concentration of one of the big publics in any of the markets that we're in. They're kind of spread around. So we look at it more broadly across all independent dealers and all consumers that are selling cars, and we'll talk about market share at the end of the year, but we have continued to have market share gains in this environment.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, I mean, so far, at this point, we haven't -- we try to manage our advertising on a per-unit-sold basis. So if we had a much bigger comp number, we might be spending a little bit more money, but in terms of a consistent program of getting our message out there, we have no plans to change it.
Thomas J. Folliard: Again, the comp is not the only variable that we have to look at, but again with a negative 2% comp and -- you have a positive earnings and strong performance in other aspects of our business, including margin per car, CarMax Auto Finance and wholesale, no, we have -- right now, we have no plans of changing our investment in our future and no plans of changing our going after growth.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, so, Matt, you really got to think about it as the trade off is not -- we don't really care what the impact is on the quarter. We are making a trade-off for a much more profitable piece of business and the fact that we get it over time because of an accounting rule, doesn't impact our decision to do it.
Thomas J. Folliard: Because [indiscernible] the switch is, Matt, the switch to CarMax Auto Finance is we don't -- we still get a portion of that income in that quarter. So you take that portion of the income and you offset what you didn't get and then the difference is immaterial.
Thomas J. Folliard: No, not at this time. We still believe it's in our best interest and our shareholders' long-term best interest to invest in growth. There's still a lot of uncertainty in the economy. Like a lot of other companies, if we end up with a little more cash than we have had in the past, we think that's a good position to be in right now. We do plan on going out and looking aggressively at land for our future growth and we've talked about that in the past and we're going to continue down that path.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, it's -- Pat, it's too early to tell and we're going to manage each quarter based on all the things that are happening on both external and internal, and we're going to do the best we can. So I can't give any guidance on what's going to happen from this quarter to that quarter. When you said there's a lot of concern last year, it wasn't from us.
Thomas J. Folliard: [indiscernible] It depends a lot what's going on in the external wholesale environment. We had some unique years in '08 and '09, and so that's one of the factors that we have to look at. We have to also look at what our current volume of sales are and lots of other variables and we're just going to do the best we can to manage it through the quarter.
Thomas J. Folliard: It's the portfolio that the market is willing to buy and that's what -- that's the key is. We'll take as much as we think we can fund efficiently.
Thomas J. Folliard: Just our experience with running the business for a long, long time and looking at the incredibly small basis that others are reporting on. Somebody's average used car sales are 30 cars a month then it goes up 10%, that means their sales went up by 3 cars in those individual stores. And our stores have much bigger sales volumes, I mentioned average around 330. I'm not saying that, that isn't a factor. I'm saying, based on our experience in the business, we think this quarter was mostly macro-related. But we're always paying attention to the competition. We're always trying to sharpen our consumer offer and make sure that we're the #1 choice for our consumers in every single market that we operate in. We have a lot of things that we continuously look at in terms of customer satisfaction and why people are choosing us or not, and I can just tell you from all of those -- all of that data we feel very confident that our consumer offer is still superior.
Thomas J. Folliard: $27 is just not a -- that's not even a manageable number for us. I just wouldn't -- I wouldn't read into it at all.
Thomas J. Folliard: That we've retailed? Yes, that number in the second quarter was all the way up to 50%. So that's a number that we haven't achieved in several years. I think we're in the low 40s at the end of the first quarter. So what you've seen in wholesale where we've continued to see this big increase in units sold, it also moves over to retail as well because we're buying lots of cars in the appraisal lane. Some of those are wholesale and some of those are retail, and the percentage that we're buying has continued to increase during the year. So that number is around 50%. Our sub-prime percentage for the year was 7% which is similar to last year.
Thomas J. Folliard: We do. It's a more profitable source for us and it can help if, by just shifting the mix, but we manage margins across the board. So if that mix went up we have to make a decision whether or not we want to just keep the margin that we get as a benefit of a shift in mix or do we want to take some of those margin dollars and lower prices on off-site purchased cars to try and drive some incremental sales. So when you see the margin relatively flat through the first quarter and you see our cars -- our sales sufficiency go up to about 50%, then there was some of that are happening in the quarter.
Thomas J. Folliard: If you asked me at the beginning of the year, I would have said we wouldn't have continued the wholesale growth rates that we've had. If wholesale continues to outpace the growth of retail sales at the rate that it has been going and then along with that, the cars that we appraise in the appraisal lane for retail also continue to go up, then the number will continue to go up.
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, the biggest difference is the sheer magnitude of the drop. Negative 2% is relatively flat for us, but I'd say one of the other biggest changes is between then and now. We're running our business a lot more profitably on a per-unit basis than we were then. Not just on margin per car, but on contributions on CarMax Auto Finance and wholesale as well. So we're a different company than we were pre-recession and the diversified profit stream that we've built over time is helpful. And when things dropped the last time, everything dropped. Finance profits dropped, wholesale profits dropped, margin per car dropped, sales dropped. What we're seeing now is a little more moderate in terms of the sales drop, obviously at a negative 2%. The second quarter of the recession was a negative 17%, but the thing that continues to give us confidence is the profitability in the other parts of our business it's -- and margin per car is more profitable than it was then. So there's a lot of differences between then and now.
Thomas J. Folliard: If you remember then, it was pretty much all traffic. The consumer just stopped coming to the store. That's not been the case in these last couple of quarters if you look at comp traffic. It's been pretty close. Then you could almost -- it was almost exactly the drop in sales was traffic. So when you get to the fourth quarter, we were down 26% and our traffic was down about that number and we haven't seen a traffic drop like that. Now, look, the other change here is these average resales are at their all-time highs and they haven't moved. When -- in '08 our average resales went all the way to down $16,000 by November. And we're pretty much, we're selling the same stuff. It's a little bit older now, but that same car now is $3,000 more expensive because of the supply- demand imbalance. And one other thing I want to remind everybody is there has been some questions about what other new car dealers are focusing on used cars. We have a full spectrum of used cars available and have a bigger selection of cars at the lower price range in terms of 1- to 6-year-old used cars than anybody else in the marketplace. So it's a little deceptive to look at our average resales up over $19,000 when you don't look across our 35,000 cars in inventory and look at the price selection that we provide for consumers. I still think we have the best selection of lower-priced cars of 1- to 6-year-old cars at the quality level that we sell them.
Thomas J. Folliard: I think it all depends on how quickly the SAAR moves, and again what happens with the consumer. So to see depreciation to fall is nothing new. It's just we hadn't seen it for the last couple of years. In terms of its impact on margin, we'll manage it the best we can in each quarter and hopefully we can keep it pretty stable. We've been able to do that in the past with much bigger swings in both depreciation and appreciation, so I'm confident in our ability to manage through it.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, I think, our belief, is more that it's over a longer period of time. SAAR at '12-2, up 5% is a horrible SAAR. We'd like to see it $15 million, $16 million, $17 million, get back to where it was. I know nobody thinks that's going to happen anytime soon, but I'd say that in general, directionally, we believe that we'll move with SAAR. It doesn't mean that it's exactly tracked where if SAAR is up 5%, we're going to be up 5%. So I think if we saw the SAAR go from $12 million to $15 million in the next 12 to 24 months, we would expect our sales to go up during that time as well based on our performance in the past.
Thomas J. Folliard: It does impact our business. We -- as you said, there are a lot less cars out there in the marketplace and I think that's why we've seen what we have to pay for those cars go up so much and our average retail's up so high. Now we haven't seen a big dramatic shift in the average age of cars sold, but if the SAAR stays where it is, I think it'll continue to shift in that direction. If what we sell on average is -- continues to get older and then it will. It will change -- it will affect the dollars that we spend on reconditioning because an older car with higher mileage requires more reconditioning dollars to get it up to the quality standard that we demand. So when we think about our spend and reconditioning, we mix-adjust it, so we clearly expect to spend more money on a 7-year-old car with 80,000 miles than we do on a 1-year-old car with 5,000 miles. So if our inventory was to shift, we -- I don't think -- we're not looking at it and thinking what's the big impact it would have on our business in terms of cost because we would expect those costs to go up and we manage to that number.
Thomas J. Folliard: We have tracked that, we've talked about the number in the past. In the past that's been about 1 out of roughly every 3 customers that sells us a car also buys a car from us. What's been unique in the last, I don't know, 3 or 4 quarters is the traffic of customers who are only coming to sell us their car has increased a lot faster than the traffic of customers who are either there to do both or buy a car. So we have absolutely seen -- we call internally "appraisal only" and we've seen a very big increase in the volume of appraisal-only customers. And that has delivered the wholesale comp numbers that you've seen. It's also delivered the change in percentage of cars sold that we source through the appraisal lane.
Thomas J. Folliard: It's possible but we haven't seen that just from a pure statistical standpoint. If you just look at the average new car and average used car, the spread hasn't shrunk to the level where we think it would have an impact. But could it have? Yes, possibly.
Thomas J. Folliard: Not really. I don't think that that's been much of a big factor when you consider that there's a shortage of all cars because of the SAAR being down for so many years. I think that's what's driven -- I think the impact of the shortage of Japanese cars is a fraction, a fractional impact compared to the shortage of overall new cars sold over the last several years. I mean, our -- again, our average resales have gone up $3,000 since the fall of '08.
Thomas J. Folliard: We're not -- at this point, we don't know. We're not really sure. We -- as someone mentioned earlier, the Manheim data says that there's been some depreciation here recently, which is different than the last couple of years, but it's been so volatile, over the last few years, it doesn't do us a lot of good to try to predict what's going to happen 2 months from now.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, I don't know that there's a new normal. I said last quarter I didn't think we'd get to $1,000 and we did. So again it's one piece of the puzzle for us and it's an area that as I've said before, we would give up wholesale margin for retail sales in a second, we just haven't had the chance to do that. And with the volumes that we have right now in our appraisal lane and the buy rate that we have, we know what that tells us, just we're making fair offers for those cars. We're buying approximately 1 out of every 3 cars that we appraise. We're getting phenomenal attendance in our auctions, so we're getting great price realizations. So it's very difficult to say what normal looks like. We've also seen the average price of what we sell for a similarly aged unit go from I don't know, $3,500 to $4,000 just 2 to 3 years ago up to $5,500 now, and it's essentially the same stuff. So it's a pretty unique environment right now in terms of supply and demand, and all our indicator said that we're making very, very fair offers but then we're getting attendance and great price realization, but I have no idea what the new normal is.
Thomas J. Folliard: I don't know, but maybe. But it's -- we only let dealers come to the auction but we don't buy any cars from dealers. We don't run anybody else's cars at our auction. And we are the third largest auction chain in the country now, but we're still very tiny percentage compared to a Manheim or an ADESA, and Copart is a tough comparison because they're pretty much all salvage.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, we updated that at the beginning of this year and said that we probably got $250 of sustained improvement on reconditioning costs and we don't have -- we're not going to -- we don't have any reason to change that or update it now. What I was referencing is a shift in mix. If there -- we -- the number we gave you, the $250 number is -- it has to be a mix-adjusted number to be accurate and if -- I was just saying that if our inventory, because of a lack of supply, continue to get older then our reconditioning dollars would go up but it would be something that would be a planned go-up because again we expect to spend more money since we have the same quality standard for an 8-year-old car as we do for a 1-year-old car, and we would expect to spend more reconditioning dollars on an older, higher mileage car.
Thomas J. Folliard: I don't know, I didn't look at just the pure dollars spent. Again, we always look it mix-adjusted. So we don't have any reason to change the number we gave at the beginning of the year.
Thomas J. Folliard: If you just look at our ASPs it explains half of the inventory difference for the quarter. About half of what's left is new stores that we didn't have last year. So the balance of that is minimal.
Thomas J. Folliard: Our mix in terms of like sport utility and compacts, remember we talked about a shift I think at the end of last year. Since then, it's been pretty relatively stable. Second -- first quarter to second quarter, we saw not much in terms of change of mix. We are seeing our inventory age a little bit more, which would be expected. But in terms of the mix of products sold, it didn't move much from first to second quarter. And -- when we see big movements in inventory mix as it relates to say sport utilities or compacts or things like that, that is generally directly correlated with a spike in gas prices and gas prices have seemed to stabilize over the next several months, so we really haven't seen much movement in mix.
Thomas J. Folliard: All right, well, thanks, everyone for joining us. I want to once again thank our CarMax associates for all they do everyday. I especially want to give a special thanks out to all of those who's helped us prepare for the hurricane and get our stores ready. You did a phenomenal job. And lastly, I want to thank Keith Browning. Keith is our retiring Chief Financial Officer. This will be his last call. You didn't hear him speak today, but Keith has been an enormous contributor of the business. We wouldn't be the company we are today without his contributions. If you look at his combined tenure with Circuit City and CarMax, he had his 29th anniversary just 2 days ago. We're going to give him a little round of applause here in the room. And I just want to personally thank Keith for all he's done for me. I've learned a lot from him in the last 5 years and we wish him the best of luck in his retirement. Thank you, Keith.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, I think I've said the net penetration was 39%, that means after 3-day payoffs we're retaining 39% of the business. So pre-that, coming out the door, that means CAF is getting about 45% of sales. And I think the way I would characterize what we've been doing recently is going back in the business that we've historically gone into, that we were previously letting partners purchase from us. So not a sale stimulant but more of a profit play for us.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, on the collateral spread, adjusting for the stock that we've hedged, it's just below 7%. And I'm sorry, on the 39%, that's -- as we mentioned, that's about as high as we've ever been. We are buying the full spectrum of loans that we historically have bought. We are still allowing partners to purchase some of those loans that we originated in the past, so there may be a little upside in the event we elected to curtail that program fully, but things are pretty robust for CAF right now.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, the way I'd look at it is it's a very minor impact overall net to CarMax. I mean, we'd see a reduction in third-party increasing CAF in the given quarter, that doesn't quite offset it for the year. We expect it to be kind of a neutral play and obviously over the long term much more profit to CarMax.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, as we talked about last quarter, this is the spectrum of the business that we have become really comfortable with over time and CAF has been buying for several years. The reason we dialed back on it over the last couple of years has been because of the capital markets and our view on our ability to finance that business efficiently and what it would do to our overall portfolio from a finance ability perspective. So as far as the credit risk associated with it, we're completely comfortable with it. It's paper that we have been originating for a long time. We've continued to originate a portion of it during the period where we were selling pieces off to the partners so that we have experience with that pool and we're comfortable with the credit. As far as the finance ability of the portfolio, obviously we believe we can finance the portfolio in today's market with the new credit spectrum. And yes, it is lower because it's the lower end of what we used to purchase. But again it's a portfolio that the market has seen before.
Thomas W. Reedy: As far as the penetration rate, as I mentioned, we're at 39% net which is as high as we have ever been and we are buying across the full spectrum of loans that we have historically bought across. That said, there's a little bit of room because we are still selling some of that CAF business to third-party lenders, but as far as deliberately increasing our penetration, we're at a level we've been comfortable with and we constantly evaluate that, and just like our mix on the inventory side and pricing, we're constantly trying to optimize based on what's going on the capital markets and what's going on with customers and we'll continue doing that going forward, but I don't see any dramatic change in the immediate future.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, I think it's consistent with where it has been exactly in line with what maybe a 0.2% different than last year but we're seeing consistent support from subprime lenders.
Thomas W. Reedy: Well we don't, if we we're thinking anything different for the rest of the year it would be embedded in that loan loss provision in our current allowance for loan losses. I can give you some color. If you remember last quarter, we saw a pretty significant improvement in loss experienced and that improvement was driven primarily by payment experience rather than the increase in recoveries. So we're still seeing a strong wholesale recovery rate and I think the increase in, or the increase in our experience in losses is offsetting somewhat to a great extent the increase in the spectrum of credit we're buying. So we're buying further down the food chain in credit, but we're seeing losses improve and that's reflected in our number there.
Thomas W. Reedy: I think it's line with our expectations. The portfolio is significantly bigger and we're buying a little bit different paper.
