Enrique Mayor-Mora: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Second quarter net earnings per diluted share was $0.79, down from $1.72 a year ago. Total gross profit was $737 million, down 9.6% from last year's second quarter. This decrease was driven primarily by wholesale vehicle margin of $141 million, which was down 26%. The year-over-year decrease was driven by both lower volume and margin per unit. As Bill noted, we faced sharp depreciation throughout the quarter, and have been adjusting accordingly to better position ourselves to manage through the current environment. Total used vehicle margin was down slightly, at $495 million, a decrease of 2%. Total used unit volume, of negative 6.4%, was largely offset by higher margin per unit. Other gross profit was $102 million, down 15% from last year's second quarter. This decrease was driven primarily by the effect of lower retail unit sales on service. Service results declined $13 million as lower sales and, secondarily, impacts from inflationary pressures drove a deleverage in results. EPP fell by 3% or $3 million, reflecting the combined effects of stronger margins, stable penetration at approximately 60%, and a decline in retail unit sales. Third-party finance fees were flat over last year's second quarter as lower volume in fee-generating Tier 2 were offset by lower Tier 3 volume, for which we pay a fee. On the SG&A front, expenses for the second quarter increased to $666 million. Up 16% from the prior year's quarter reflecting a slowdown from the year-over-year increase during the first quarter. Approximately three points of the increase this quarter reflects a change in an accounting estimate in the prior year quarter. SG&A as a percent of gross profit deleveraged to 90.4% from 70.4% during the second quarter last year. A key contributor of deleverage was a 9.6% decrease in total gross margin dollars compared to last year's quarter. The increase in SG&A dollars over the last year was mainly due to two factors. First, a $50 million increase in other overhead. The primary drivers of this increase include investments to advance our technology platforms, strategic and growth initiatives, a $14 million onetime impact from a prior year change in an accounting estimate related to non-CAF uncollectible receivables, and a variety of other smaller cost headwinds. Second, a $34 million increase in compensation and benefits excluding share-based compensation. Primarily driven by the annualization of the strong growth in staffing we experienced in the back half of last year as well as wage pressures. Partially offsetting this increase was a $4 million decrease in share-based compensation. During our first quarter earnings call, we discussed how we have actively taken steps to better align our staffing expenses in our stores and customer experience centers or CECs to the sales levels we were experiencing at the time. However, as Bill noted, sales declined sharply in the second quarter versus our expectations, starting in July. Accordingly, during the second quarter we pulled additional levers to further align our expenses to our sales levels. We expect these savings will materialize more fully in the coming quarters. This included further reducing staffing through attrition in our stores and CECs, pausing on a portion of the hiring and contractor utilization in our corporate offices as well as better aligning marketing spend to sales. In regard to marketing, our intent is to continue to maintain a strong level investment on a per unit basis that is at least consistent with the full-year FY '22 levels. For the second quarter, total marketing dollars were flat year-over-year but reflected a robust investment on a per unit basis. As part of our omni channel journey, we have reduced the variable cost component of our operating structure. Given the macro-environment, our near-term priority will be on allocating resources towards those initiatives that will further drive efficiency and effectiveness across our fixed cost. At the same time, we will continue to selectively invest in customer facing initiatives that will enhance our omni channel experience and support our long-term growth. From a capital structure perspective, we ended the quarter with an adjusted debt-to-capital ratio in the middle of our targeted range of 38% to 45%. During the second quarter, we repurchased approximately 1.7 million shares from $163 million. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Jon.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: And we've also seen on the wholesale side and just from a depreciation standpoint, just a continuation of that depreciating environment that we saw in the first quarter as well. So, that has continued into September.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, thanks for the question, Sharon. And our objective is on winning in the long-term. And that really requires that we remain focused on making the right investments to continue to differentiate ourselves from our competitors. So, we have an active and accretive portfolio of omni-related initiatives that we've been investing in that we've been able to do that, in large part because of our strong balance sheet and our performance, but that being said, certainly -- so, with the current macro environment, we have started to pull the levers, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, to better align our cost structure to the current environment. And we're also going to be tilting our resources more towards initiatives that drive efficiencies that I talked about, and Bill talked about in our prepared remarks as well. So, be slowing some of the velocity down on our growth-related investments, but certainly not pulling back. So, I think we're doing the right things at the current moment in terms of better managing our costs. We have a strong and active eye on the consumer, and we stand very experienced in managing through these cycles. But we also want to make sure that when the industry picks back up, that we're in a really strong position to capture the upside. So, I think in terms of the balance of the year and how to look at SG&A, we do expect the levers that we pulled during the second quarter will start to manifest themselves more fully over the next few quarters. I think the other component, certainly not in kind of an leverage, is purely just the gross profit, right, and where that stands to be in the fourth quarter and moving into next year, that's another factor. But we can control, certainly, very strongly is the SG&A. So, we feel good that we pulled the levers -- the appropriate levers for the time being.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. No, I think like we have said, we pull back on levers that we can control right now. We think we are better aligned with the current environment. You are going to see those savings manifest themselves kind of moving forward. We did pulled stronger levers kind of half way through the second quarter. So, you don't fully see it in this quarter's P&L, but moving forward, we should start to see more of the savings.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Great and I'll touch on your other question, Chris. And correct me if I don't cover everything you asked. But with regard to just overall interest margin, obviously, rising cost of funds that we've said, I think we signaled last quarter, you could begin to see a change in our net interest margin, maybe it's hit a peak and it could come down. And again, that's where our accounting is the way that we do our accounting benefits us. Obviously, as the margin increases over time, that higher margin receivable continues to hang around for longer. But obviously, our margins have tightened, had the hedge not been in there, we probably would have seen a downturn this quarter. And we're obviously going to be in a tighter environment. So, we maybe continue to see that come down. We're obviously on our side continuing to manage margins very carefully through our pricing. So, we'll do what we can, but still remaining competitive for our customer. So, again, I think there will be pressure on our net interest margin going forward. But again, we'll manage that as well as we can.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, sure. Rajat. So, when I was speaking -- talking about earlier, although I do feel good about being able to maintain strong retail margins, but I always will caveat that with, depending on a lot of different things, sales elasticity, what competitors are doing, inventory levels, our own inventory levels, so there's a lot that goes into it. But we really are still realizing some nice benefits from although we've lack self-sufficiency, we still feel like there's a little bit there. But then this, the fact that we are selling these older vehicles, gives us a little bit more margin, and this quarter, we were able to pass along some of it to the consumers in the form of offsetting some of the inflationary pressures, as well as take a little bit more. So, again, we feel good about our retail margins and where they are today. And we'll just continue to watch some of them or other external factors as we go forward.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, what I would say is, compared to a few years ago, the marketing team overall has done a tremendous job of really giving us a line of sight, into profitability and the dollars, we're investing in how that then translates to an ROI. So, we feel really good about the investments we've been making over the past couple of years. If you compare ourselves to two years ago, I think we've increased the dollars per unit by over 50%, right. And that's because we feel really good about our ability to get visibility. So, I think we can continue to drive awareness and at the same time, drive that profitability. So, Rajat, I think we can get the best of both worlds.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, and just to be clear that managing headcount has also done through attrition as well, right, it's how we've been managing that. So, you will see those benefits again more sharply as we progress into the future quarters.
Bill Nash: Yes, good morning, Craig, thank you for the question. And, look, I think it goes back to a couple things. First of all, we're really excited about both our online offer tool and the MaxOffer that I talked about earlier. While we did see a decline, the environment, I think the biggest factors of that decline, one, which I already highlighted, was the fact that we're moving -- kind of change the retail selectivity to take in some of those wholesale cars, and putting them over in retail, which if you take that out it would then mean our decline was less than 10%. Depreciation, you know, you've followed us long enough, any time we get into depreciating market, we're lowering our offers. That has an impact on what you ultimately end up buying from consumers. And I would say the third thing, which is smaller than the other two, but we actually -- we slowed some of our buys in certain pockets in certain geographic areas, in certain price points either because we didn't the cars or just because the dynamics of the quickly-changing environment. So, I think those are the three factors that really led to the decline.
Bill Nash: Yes, Brian, it's a great question. If you remember the last call, I talked a little bit about June and how we were feeling good about June because it was doing better than the first quarter. And as I said, we saw a big drop-off in July. And then that softness continued into August, where we ended up in a mid-teen decline for comps. And there's not one single thing that I can point to that we can say, "Oh, because this happened in July is why we saw the drop-off." I mean, there's lots of, I think, pressures out there. I talked about the broad inflationary pressures. Obviously, consumers are having to make decisions; groceries are higher than ever. I think we've seen more interest rates' increases, consumer confidence, certainly during the quarter, all-time low as far as recent history, I mean even lower then the height of the pandemic. So, I just think consumers are prioritizing their spend a little differently. But there's not one single thing that I can point to, like, "Oh, this happened, and that's why we saw the decline." I think it's just the continuation -- kind of the deterioration of the overall consumer. Moving into September, we're seeing the same softness that we saw in August. And I would tell you, even more recently, just given the hurricane, as you can imagine, that's contributing to additional softness as well. Now, the thing with hurricanes or any weather events, you generally will flow -- get that back later on. But as far as September goes, it will absolutely put pressure. We have about -- let's see, 22 stores are currently closed, and have been closed for varying amounts of time.
Bill Nash: Yeah, I think you're thinking about it right way, Brain. And, in fact, I believe this is probably the first quarter where the gap between used and new got a little bit wider in, gosh, probably six or seven quarters, you know. So, it'll take some time. But I think depreciation and prices correcting on used will absolutely benefit the used the used market over time. But I think we got to keep in perspective this quarter was challenging. I mean, we haven't seen $2,500 in depreciation; that rivals -- in absolute dollars, that rivals back what we saw at the height of the Great Recession, that rivals what we saw at the peak of omni. So, it's a very unusual thing and it brings challenges. But I think that we've proven, over time, that we've been able to navigate those and that we'll do it better than pretty much anyone.
Bill Nash: Yes. And then, Sharon, the only other thing I would add to that, that we're absolutely entering this from a position of strength. And to Enrique's point, there's lots of lever. I mean just from the expense side, there's a lot of growth expense that we're continuing right now to prepare ourselves for the future, there's these initiatives, there's advertising, there's variable spend; all those we can still pull on, not to mention there's a whole host of other levers just for -- to preserve cash if that's ever needed. So, I think where we are at this point is -- is, look, we've pulled the levers, we know it's a challenging time, we're coming at this from a position of strength. There's initiatives that we know that will help us, both, in the near-term and the long-term; let's get them done. And so, when this market turns, and it will turn; when it turns, we'll be able to take off because we've already done these things. But we will keep, absolutely, an eye to the outside environment.
Bill Nash: Yes. And I think, Sharon, way to think about it is, look, we had in absolute dollars an improvement in SG&A from the first to second as Enrique talked about. We would expect these dollars to manifest more. You will see a reduction there. The other wildcard in the equation that was just gross profit dollars, and that's going to be driven by the macro factors as Enrique talked about.
Bill Nash: Yes, Michael, good morning. So, previous calls I have talked about because I have gotten asked questions about retail margin and wholesale margin. And what I have said in previous quarters is all us being -- we feel pretty good about keeping strong retail margins. Wholesale would be coming under pressure. And if we are going to enter into a depreciating environment, that's going to cause the pressure like I talked about before. The other reason I mentioned that it could come under pressure is just because that retail selectivity, and because we are moving some cars older cars over to retail. And then, the corresponding what we call kicks. You say okay, this is retailer's car, you go build it. Or, you start to build and realize, okay, we can't get this to standards. We then move that back to wholesale. And we generally perform worse on those than the normal wholesale. So, we knew there was going to be some pressure. I think if you look at recent performance, let's call -- certainly last year, I think every quarter last year on GPU standpoint for wholesale was over $1000. And then you look at the year before, I think we had another quarter that was over $1000. If you look at that and then compare it to the 5 years prior to that, there were probably equal or more quarters in the last year than we had in the last 5 years over $1000. And that's because of the massive appreciation that we saw last year. So, I think the way to think about it going forward is probably more in line with what you would normally see the average wholesale that we make in any given quarter over 3, 4, 5 year period. I think that's the way to think about especially in this depreciating environment and especially as we continue to push more or try to push some more of these older vehicles over just from an affordability standpoint.
Bill Nash: Yes, Adam, it's a great question. Obviously, we commented during the comment period as many folks did just because the requirements in some cases are a little onerous, we started to look at obviously whatever ultimately gets decided, we will make sure that we do follow, but we haven't put -- we aren't prepared at this point to really talk about additional expenses or anything, because again to your point, it's so much up in the air, and there is so much discussion and debate about it. There is a lot that's really unknown.
Bill Nash: And I think the motor bear complication for us, and I think really need to be looked as is some of the requirements on signing paperwork, physical signatures, managers that kind of thing. Everybody is operating in a world of online. So, again, it will be interesting to see how it pans out.
Bill Nash: Yes, John, I think some of it has to do with timing. I mean, if you think about it, although there was depreciation in the quarter, and although as you pointed out, we have an older vehicle mix, both of those bring down your overall retail prices, but it wasn't enough to offset when comparing to like a year-ago. So, if you think about it, we ended last year with an appreciation about $7,500. We've only experienced about $2,500 in depreciation. So, that dynamic will become less and less as we get later into the year. But you're still there just wasn't enough to offset that overall appreciation which is why you still see us above last year. I think the other thing that you got to think about is a lot of the cars that were sold in the second quarter were bought actually; a majority of them were bought prior to the quarter even starting, so they're at a higher price. So, I think there's some, there's definitely some timing there. On the wholesale side, obviously if you're moving some of the nicer more expensive stuff into retail that's going to impact your wholesale a little bit more. And so, I think that's the dynamic that you have going on there.
Bill Nash: And maybe I'll jump in first on the hedge. Very similar dynamic to what we saw in the first quarter, right. So, the vast majority of our receivables are funded through the ABS market, as we know, we have accounting edge on those. However, we do have alternative financing vehicles with our banking partners; our longstanding banking partners and a portion of those receivables have a cash flow hedge but not an accounting hedge. And that's really due to our desire to maintain flexibility in our funding profile. So, those receivables are going to get mark-to-market every quarter like they did last quarter. And really where you see a change or benefit, or potential hit is when they're sharp and material rises or decreases in interest rates. And that's exactly what happened again this quarter. So, we would only expect this again to be material for capturing periods of material changes. And it's very similar to the first quarter. We saw sharp changes and movements in the interest rates. And that's what happened. And it was $9 million the same amount from the first quarter.
Bill Nash: Yes, I think the other thing that's important to remember too Rajat is we have a lot of great things going on, I'll give you an example. The pre-qualification that both Jon and I talked about, we haven't even -- we haven't even marketed that yet. And so, that's an area for opportunity. So, again, as we think about advertising, it really allows us to kind of okay, what do we want to highlight, we have to highlight online offers, we want to highlight the omni experience, we want to highlight being able to buy online, we're going to highlight pre-qualification, there's lots of things. So, we're constantly moving it around. So, again, that's kind of how we're thinking about it.
Bill Nash: Yes, Rajat, I appreciate the question. Yes, as I said in my prepared remarks, I was extremely pleased with the penetration we had, it did show that we were able to pass along some of the increases on to our customers, yet still manage the elasticity, capture the volume that we could again, three things we're trying to manage here is stay highly competitive for our consumers from our offers standpoint, manage that margin, and then make sure that we can capture the right amount of sales and it's a delicate balance, but I think we've done a great job and I think we'll continue to do that.
Bill Nash: Yes, so right now we are comfortably Seth within the 2% to 2.5% range. The increase that you saw, as I mentioned is predominantly coming from that Tier-2 and Tier-3 volume. That's a larger percentage in the new originations than it is in the portfolio. So, we feel real good about staying in that targeted range. And that's reflected in the reserve.
Bill Nash: Yes, we modelled that pretty extensively. And we felt like again, assuming there isn't just an absolute plummeting of the values, you've got people that are buying vehicles on our books that bought it five years ago, three years ago. So, there's obviously, it's been a slow ramp-up. And hopefully, it's a slow ramp down, but modeling that, it really was relatively immaterial in a $477 million reserve. So, we feel we are well reserved, we can absolutely absorb that in what we have today. So, we've considered it, but we think we've got the right reserve as it sits today.
Bill Nash: Yes, no, it's a great question. The great thing about that is we now that we have so much more of that inventory available, we can put out whatever the customer wants. So, as we go forward, and maybe get to a more normalized area, or period, if consumers are looking for this, we can we now have a source to make sure that we put it out there. So, I think this also will benefit us. If you think about the fact that new cars right now there aren't as many being sold, they'll have to be something that fills that gap. This is a great -- I think this will be a great tool to do that. So, again, we'll put out there, whatever the consumers want.
Bill Nash: Hey, David. Yes, thanks for the question. And as you pointed out in the second quarter, we're on the same pace as we were in the first quarter. So, continue to buy back our shares, but I tell you that our capital allocation philosophy remains the first and foremost, our cash goes into growing the core business. So, that's our retail businesses, our wholesale businesses, our cash business in making sure those are in a position to continue to grow. From there, we also look for growth opportunities, investments that we make, and then we return capital back to shareholders. So, our philosophy has remained the same.
Bill Nash: Yes, so, we absolutely -- we don't have a pause on hiring at this point. We're very strategic. We have a prioritization of hiring. So, as folks leave and the positions, critical positions we absolutely, we'll replace them, but at the same time, if you have a vacancy, you want to make sure okay, is this something that's supporting our near-term initiatives, that kind of thing, but while we've prioritized, we have not paused overall hiring.
Bill Nash: Thank you. As always, I want to thank our associates for everything they do, how they take care of each other and the customers and the communities. Again, my thoughts are definitely with those being impacted by the Hurricane. Please, please stay safe. Thank you all for joining the call. And we'll talk again next quarter.
