Thomas J. Folliard: Thank you. Regarding our sales mix, there were very few changes of note. Similar to the second quarter, sales of compacts and midsized vehicles grew a few percentage points. As we've discussed before, our mix of vehicles will vary based on customer demand. Total SG&A for the quarter increased by 11%, reflecting the 12% growth in our store base since the beginning of last year's third quarter and variable expenses related to higher sales. SG&A per retail unit was down $98, again, largely driven by the 10% comps. In the third quarter, our average monthly web visits neared 12 million hits per month, up 36% compared to last year's third quarter. This quarter was the first during which more than 50% of our traffic came from devices other than desktops or laptops. Average monthly visits to our mobile site represented about 26% of total visits, and visits utilizing our iPhone or Android app represented nearly 12% of our traffic. Also during the third quarter, we opened 3 stores: 1 in Jackson, Tennessee; 1 in Brandywine, Maryland; and 1 in St. Louis. And after the third quarter ended, we also opened our second store in St. Louis and 2 stores in our Philadelphia market, including our King of Prussia store, which will open today. We announced 4 planned openings for next year's third quarter. Three are in new markets for CarMax, including Portland, Oregon, Tupelo, Mississippi and Reno, Nevada. We will also open our third store in the Raleigh market. And with that, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Thomas J. Folliard: Matt, we dispose of a lot of our current repos through our auction channel, so I think it's just another thing that we do that makes it easy for us to run a finance business or easier to run a finance business, because we don't have to rely heavily on outside parties to dispose of repos. So it's a factor, but I don't think it's a big one.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, it's a little hard to say, but I just clearly think this is where consumers are going. And they're spending a lot more time on the web prior to coming to the store, and we've seen that trend for several years. So it's not surprising that the growth of web traffic dramatically exceeds the growth of foot traffic. I think people are showing up more prepared. So I think it has lots of ramifications for the business, but it's really difficult to figure out what that is right now. But in general, I think it's positive. I think we have a great app, and I think we have a great website and a great search engine. And I think we're providing tools that customers want so that they're better prepared to make a decision.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, I mean, John, when this was 3% or 4% of our business, it wasn't as big of a discussion point. But when it's 15% plus, we have to look at what's in the overall best interest of the company. So this is just a step in that direction to really learn more about the segment.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, I've never seen it come down other than in the recession, when it dropped a couple thousand dollars in less than 6 months. So I mean, we don't view $100 as a very big number on an over $19,000 average retail, so we didn't really spend any time looking or talking about that.
Thomas J. Folliard: We feel like we're in really good shape. Our opening plan, as we've announced, 10 to 15 stores over the next 3 years. This is the first of those 3. As a percentage of the base of stores that we have, it's actually a smaller percentage than what we've grown in the past. And I think we've done a really nice job over the last few years of building up our pipeline, both in terms of real estate availability, people availability, getting folks trained and ready to go and having people prepped to move to new markets. So I feel like we're in really good shape.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, it's -- I think the gush you're talking about in leasing is leased percentage of new cars sold, and that's really a lot more recent. So those cars, really, have not started coming back in any big numbers. So as we've talked about last quarter, that our mix shift between 0- to 4-year-old and 5- to 10-year-old really hasn't moved very much. But clearly, if the SAAR stays -- continues to move up in the 16 million plus range and the percentage of leased vehicles is higher, then, ultimately, those cars will come back at the auction. It really hasn't started to happen yet, but we expect it to, and I think that's good for us.
Thomas J. Folliard: We're not going into this, Sharon, thinking we're going to add a bunch of incremental sales because our third-party providers are missing the boat in this arena. This just becomes such a big percentage, we don't want to have kind of so little visibility into this area, particularly one that's so costly for us.
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, we have pretty good comps for the first 9 months of the year. So that, hopefully, is going to drive some leverage. And we do have some timing. We'll spend a little more on the second half of the year. We are planning along running a Super Bowl ad this year. That's -- it's a few million dollars. It's not dramatic, but it's -- there will be a little bit of timing into the fourth quarter. But we expect the business to leverage in a number of different areas. And if we're running -- we were 16, 17 and 10 in comps for the first 3 quarters, so...
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, and we think of it as dollars per car sold. So that's -- when I say leverage, I'm talking about in dollars per car sold.
Thomas J. Folliard: When you think like the question Matt asked about supply and customer traffic and the growth in our web traffic. There's just a lot of things, a lot of moving parts there, so it's very difficult to predict.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, as a group, with all of our new -- the new stores are at or above our expectations. So we're very pleased with how openings have been going. And yes, it's a pretty diverse set of stores, too, spread out across the country, and that will be the case going forward as well. So just what we're really focused on is continuing to improve our business model each and every day and make sure that when we open a store, we have an experienced CarMax team in place, so when a customer walks in the door, they get a great experience. And we've been very pleased with how that's gone so far.
Thomas J. Folliard: Look, a number of times over the last several quarters we've said that our subprime providers have gotten more and more comfortable and more and more aggressive with the CarMax origination channel. It just makes sense that, at some point, you'd bump up against some performance metric and probably have to scale back a little bit. But again, we don't run their business. They run their own business. We're happy to have them as third-party providers, and -- but we're going to expect some movement in the way they lend over time.
Thomas J. Folliard: That's why it's another difficult thing to really figure out because, I mentioned all those other moving parts earlier, it doesn't take a lot of non-tier 3 sales to make up for 1 point or 2 of loss.
Thomas J. Folliard: We feel pretty good. We've not committed to a single piece of real estate that we didn't think we could make a very good return on. So are there things that are -- coming out of the recession, were there things that were less expensive than they were before? Sure. And now, going into places like -- look -- it's starting to look at Portland, Seattle, San Francisco, Boston, Philly, are they places that are more expensive? Absolutely, but we expect to sell more cars there. And we've also done a nice job over the last few years of improving our profitability. So in terms of availability and our ability to make a great return, it's been no problem at all.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, we do still think there's some room. I think it's -- as we've said before, the next 50 or 100 will be a lot more difficult than the first 250 or so. But it's a constant effort for our teams to try to figure out how to get more consistent and how to eliminate waste from the system and, at the same time, not compromise our quality. So I think our store teams have done a fantastic job to this point, and I expect to still be able to make progress going forward.
Thomas J. Folliard: We might have to valid check [ph] you and just say, "Look, we've already answered that question 7 times."
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, that's correct. That's not our goal at all in doing this. We don't expect this to have, really, any impact whatsoever on the percentage of sales represented by subprime.
Thomas J. Folliard: We've been getting asked for years about the amount of money we pay to get one of these deals done and wouldn't it make sense to think about it differently, and that's what we're trying to do.
Thomas J. Folliard: And, Scot, we've never really put a number on that. What I've always said about this segment of business is each incremental -- each individual customer, first of all, is getting a great deal at CarMax because we're not changing the price because they happen to be in this segment. Second of all, we've been subsidizing the deal by paying a discount to get them done. And we deliver very high-quality products. So I think if you're in this credit space, we're a terrific place to buy a very high-quality car and get a great experience that maybe you can't get elsewhere. And also, since these lenders don't see the loan until all of the other providers have declined, we've been sure that these customers and these sales are 100% incremental. So despite the fact that they're lesser in terms of profitability, it's 100% incremental profit. So on an individual customer basis, we feel really, really good about this offering. And as Tom said, when you look at it as a percentage of our total sales, we're going to sell 0.5 million cars this year. You would expect us to be somewhat representative of what kind of credit mix looks like in the U.S., and that's kind of where we are right now.
Thomas J. Folliard: But I would say that you're right, in that some of the stuff we originate ends up performing like this, which gives us more confidence in our ability to manage it. Because we've been managing receivables, although it's a small percentage, it's still a big enough chunk that we feel like we have experience to do this well. And part of calling it out is to separate it out and look at it as a separate investment and see if we can make a return on it. But if we just originated this different set of business and put it into the securitization, we wouldn't get as good -- as favorable terms as we're currently getting. And once we get this all -- a test in place and we decide whether or not we want to go forward, we'll figure out how to fund it then.
Thomas J. Folliard: No, I still think -- I've always thought that wholesale and retail, over time, will grow around the same. And you've been following us for a long time, you've seen huge swings that don't necessarily match up. If you go back to 2001, I know that's a long term to look at it, our wholesale growth and our retail comps have been about the same, but -- and I expect that over time. So 4% this quarter compared to 15% sales growth is a little bit off, but I think, over time, they'll be more closely aligned.
Thomas J. Folliard: No, I mean, clearly, we bought more because we had growth, but not as many as what our sales growth would have predicted. But in terms of our buy rate, it was very strong, and we don't see any reason to worry about it.
Thomas J. Folliard: It's all just built into the comp expectation. And remember, too, that the base is so much bigger that even when you get a store at, say, its second year and it has a higher percentage comp growth, it's a very small number of units in the big scheme of things, so...
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, but as we've talked about a comp range in the past of something like 4% to 8%, we think that range is still a pretty good one. One other thing to remember is we're going to open a lot of stores back into existing markets. So sometimes, a satellite store can actually hurt comps in the other stores because there is some cannibalization. So it's a pretty complex model to figure out.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, I don't really know what the peak was, but we were down almost $100 per unit sold in the third quarter compared to last year. You referenced reconditioning costs. Remember, reconditioning costs are in cost of goods sold, not in SG&A, so we kind of try to think of those 2 things as 1 big bucket of opportunity. We will eclipse $1 billion of SG&A this year and probably, I don't know, $600 million or so of reconditioning. So it's a pretty big opportunity to try to find efficiencies. And in terms of our priorities, it's largely -- in the SG&A bucket, it's largely going to be around how do we operate our stores consistently, how do we staff better, how do we make sure we're properly staffed for peaks and for valleys in terms of traffic and sales. And it's a pretty seasonal business, it's a pretty labor-intensive business, so there's lots of opportunities to try and get more and more efficient in that regard. So that's kind where our efforts are focused there. We're really proud of all the progress we've made on the cost of goods sold side in terms of reconditioning. But I think with SG&A, there's probably some opportunity in there, and we're focused on going after it.
Thomas J. Folliard: Not necessarily because the bulk -- remember, the bulk of SG&A is going to be rents and advertising. And some of the fixed overheads we can only make so much progress on. We have to have enough people in our stores to have them up and running and pay our bills. So I think when you look at the 2 buckets and you break it out into things that are somewhat less manageable, let's say, then there's opportunity in both.
Thomas J. Folliard: Okay. Thanks, everyone. Happy holidays. Thanks for all your support and continued interest. And of course, thanks to all of our associates for their dedication and their hard work and what they do every day to make CarMax what it is today. We'll talk to you again next quarter. Thanks.
Thomas W. Reedy: I'll take that, Simeon. As far as what tightening means, it really means they're going backward on the changes that they've made over the past couple of years, which is downpayment and kind of ease of documentation. So it seems to slide back a little bit on that. As far as where it lands, we don't know, it's too early to tell and what that means. And as far as why they're doing it, they run their own portfolios, just like CAF does, they're managing to optimize profitability and size as well. I can't speak for them, but I guess -- I would guess that they're taking moves to manage risks based on what they've been seeing over the past couple of years. I do not believe that it's a CarMax-specific issue, though.
Thomas W. Reedy: No, this is something that we've made them aware of. In fact, we've been working with them over the past year trying to do due diligence and get smarter about the -- about working in this space, so it's not a surprise for them. And the nice thing about being back in growth mode again is that we can grow the portfolio and allow partners to continue to grow and bring new people in, like ourselves, if that's what makes sense.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes. And, Matt, I'd also point out, we're not -- in the event that we go through this test and we determine it's the right thing to do for us, our goals are not going to be to outcompete other people in the subprime space. We're looking at it as potential profit and risk mitigation in our business.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, Matt, we're not going to be able to go into any granularity on what is driving the cancel rate, but we have observed a higher rate of cancellations on the ESP we've originated over recent years. And as a reminder, that product is cancelable anytime during its life, and we have to return a pro rata amount in the event the customer cancels it. They could cancel it at will. They could be canceling it because they're buying a new car, because they got repo-ed, for any number of reasons. So as we sell that product, we book a reserve, and it's an estimate, just like it would be on CAF loan losses, that we have to tune on a periodic basis. If you remember, we had a $0.01 adjustment in the fourth quarter. The portfolio has gotten a lot bigger. We've actually sold over $700 million of the product since 2010. And we've seen the movement, so it's appropriate to adjust the reserve amount here.
Thomas W. Reedy: Like I said, we can't go to that kind of granularity. What I would view it as, from your perspective, is a very slight worsening in the profitability of ESP because we have a different view on what's going to be returned on a go-forward basis. And if we see different behavior going forward, we'll change it again. But it amounts to a small adjustment in the go-forward reserve, and a minimal, maybe 1% less profitable on the ESP that we sell. So it's a few dollars a car.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, John. As I mentioned, we've worked on this for over a year, so it's not a reactionary move at all. Customers with challenged credit have become a meaningful part of our overall business, and they're a meaningful part of the used car market, so we feel like we owe it to ourselves to get smarter about this space. Whether we're in it or not with our partners, we need to understand it a little better. We considered a number of options, including a joint venture or something like that, but we determined this is the best way to learn. So I hope -- that's probably the best way to address [indiscernible].
Thomas W. Reedy: Sure, Matt. So I'm not going to go into a lot of detail about what we're doing as far as managing services. But our game plan is to randomly route a small percentage of customers to CAF and run them through the scoring model that we've developed and provide great customer-friendly service. One thing I think is important to remember, we've got a great team in Atlanta that runs a great finance business, and we already serve a pretty wide spectrum of credit. Some customers need more attention than the others as far as calls, et cetera. We're viewing this as an expansion, really, of what we already do. And like I said, without getting into details, we've built upon our account servicing techniques, and I think it will be appropriate -- it will be helpful for this space. But I think we'll also learn some things and have some benefit in the business we do today from it. As far as funding, at this point, we're just going to use cash on hand to fund the test, it's very small. To the extent we decide to go forward with this as a line of business or an initiative, we'll explore other options, and we would plan on trying to do something, to the extent it's available. Whether it's in the ABS market, conduits, that will be -- we'll determine that as we see fit.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, I think, as we mentioned in the release, late in the quarter we saw a change of behavior. And every call, last 3 -- 2 or 3 calls, I've been asked whether we see any reason to think that our partners' behavior may be different than it has been. And this time, we do. So that's why we're talking about it.
Thomas W. Reedy: It's our own scorecard, but we plan on routing to CAF just like we route to our other third-party lenders. So it would eat a little bit into what they're doing.
Thomas W. Reedy: Right. It's important to remember that these sales through these partners are about 1/3 as profitable as something that goes through the -- either the CAF or one of our other channels. So there's a big economic [indiscernible] there between...
Thomas W. Reedy: No. As I said to Matt, I think we'd look at alternatives to fund this. And as I also mentioned, we're looking at this as a play for profit, potentially, and risk mitigation. And at this point, if this test makes sense, we'd envision us being one of several partners in that space, not trying to grab all of the share.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes. I mean, we aren't very good at predicting the future for any part of our business, which is why we don't give guidance. And I think it's just too early to tell. We don't know where they're going to land as far as where they dial in at how much they're going to tighten, so we can't give any guidance going forward. But we -- like I said, it is a -- we have observed a change. We get asked this question every quarter, and we thought it was important to let you know.
Thomas W. Reedy: Well, we don't participate in this space, so I can't really comment on that. But I think I would hypothesize that they're -- they have not been as happy with what they've seen -- that they've originated over the last 2 years, and they're adjusting their portfolio accordingly.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes. And as we mentioned, that profitability difference is significant, so we're actually happy to trade 3 of those for 1 CAF sale anytime you tell us and any time we could take that trade.
Thomas W. Reedy: No, it doesn't. As Tom said, we don't influence their behavior. The one way that we could theoretically do it is by paying them more or less, but I think you've seen when we've announced our tests, we've elected to leave that as it is and figure out the business a little bit better ourselves.
Thomas W. Reedy: Scot, I don't think it has at all. We don't know the right number, but one thing, I think, we need to be clear about is we're not intending to drive subprime penetration at our business up by getting into this initiative here. As I said, we're looking at potentially being one of several partners. We'll have our own set of credit parameters and our own origination model, which we do not expect to be more aggressive than our partners. So I don't think we're giving any indication that we think we're moving -- trying to move the needle on how much subprime is in the business.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, we're looking at whether it makes sense to take a share of the profit and to try to mitigate risk.
Thomas W. Reedy: No, I don't think it does. As I said, we're not looking to expand the amount of subprime in our channel. And when you look at the amount of subprime business that we do, it's not out of line with the marketplace overall. We've got -- we've looked at external data to that point, so we're not -- I think subprime is going to be what it is based on customer flow through the door and who's applying and what's going on in the economy. And we'll run a business that makes -- if we -- if this test is successful, we'll run a business that makes economic sense. But I don't think we have -- I feel comfortable that we're not out of line with the mix of subprime in the auto space, in the used auto space, and we're not trying to drive it up.
Thomas W. Reedy: Well, if you think of -- you're absolutely right, Scot, that we do serve a wide spectrum of credit, as I mentioned before, and we're looking at this as expansion. But the way credit routes in our business is it goes to CAF, it goes to our Tier 2 lenders, it goes to our Tier 3 lenders. We want our customers to have an opportunity to get all those various offers and get the best financing for them. And this is just -- in this particular space are customers that we have not served before, and...
Thomas W. Reedy: We've said this before, in our subprime segment, today, we pay about $1,000 a car to the third-party provider.
Thomas W. Reedy: The provision for loan loss picked up dollar-wise year-over-year, but as a percent of receivables, it's flat. And if you're saying sequentially over the quarter, this is the time of year where we'll typically see, coming into the holiday season, delinquencies may pick up a little bit, but that's a normal seasonal trend. People are focused on other payments.
Thomas W. Reedy: No, I think -- we've had conversations with our partners. And as I've mentioned, they have CarMax as a part of their overall portfolio. And they fine tune that portfolio and their origination standards based on what they're experiencing. And I think that is the result of us, other business they're doing. And all I can say is that they have indicated that this is not a CarMax-specific issue.
Thomas W. Reedy: If you believe the market has been overheated over the last couple years, then the last couple years would have been the wrong time to enter this. We're not trying to time the market. We're not trying to figure out what's the best time to enter it. This is a longer-term initiative. The reason we're going now is because we're ready to go now. We've been working on it for over a year. And we're in a position where we believe we can start originating and servicing sometime this quarter. And remember, this is a very small test for us. This is smaller than other tests we run at CAF as far as pricing and in terms. And at the end of the day, while we are going into it expecting to make some money, it's not material to our overall business or even to CAF's overall portfolio.
