Thomas J. Folliard: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everybody. CAF income grew $10 million or 16% compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2012, in line with our portfolio of managed receivables, which increased 15% to $5.5 billion. For the quarter, interest margin after the provision for loan losses increased 14%. The growth in managed receivables was largely driven by strong origination volumes over the course of fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2013. These were lifted by CAF's expanded penetration and increase in the average amount of financed and CarMax's sales volume growth. The allowance for loan losses grew $12.9 million or 31% to $54.3 million. As a percent of average managed receivables, it increased 0.1 point to 1.0%. This increase reflects the growth in our portfolio and the shift in credit mix as we return to our pre-recession origination strategy. The magnitude of the increase was tempered somewhat by favorable loss experience. Net loans originated in the third quarter increased 29% year-over-year. This was largely driven by higher CarMax sales and an increase in CAF net penetration, which was 41% compared to 38% in the third quarter of 2012. Penetration increased due to the transition back to the pre-recession origination strategy and the extension of more compelling finance offers to our customers. As you know, we test offers and policies on an ongoing basis in attempt to optimize sales and profitability within our risk profile. During the quarter, we believe consumers responded favorably to our finance offers, providing both incremental sales and higher CAF originations. We experienced continued strong access to financing for our customers. And as we've seen throughout the year, third-party subprime remains a higher percentage of our sales, 14% versus 9% in last year's third quarter. Now I'll turn it back to Tom.
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, it's really representative of what we're selling at this time. But as I said, about 2/3 of the inventory increase is explained through just 12% comps. And as you know, we move our inventory along with sales, 10 new stores, which was about 1/4 of the increase, and the remaining 1/3 was, we always build inventory in the fall. Last year, we didn't, we moderated it some, so it created a kind of a bigger spike this year because we didn't build as aggressively as we normally do.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. It's still pretty early and there's a lot of the technology -- some of the changes in technology, with the display screens and how we present some of the consumer offer that we think we'll be able to push back into the existing stores pretty quickly. We have some process stuff that really doesn't require any capital, just some basic things like unlock in all of our cars, allowing our customers to test drive without a sales consultant, just some things we hadn't done in the past. We have yet to roll those out into existing stores because we want to be pretty certain what's working and what's not working. We do plan on going back in and remodeling 5 or so existing stores over the next 12 months to really see if we get a spike and get a read on kind of the whole package. But to date, we have our Chattanooga store open, Des Moines and 2 stores in Denver that are kind of our full next-generation package. But we're still learning which components are advantageous and which ones we can roll back into the stores pretty quickly. But there isn't any one thing that's jumping out right now.
Thomas J. Folliard: We're still working on that. We tried to select some stores that had some capital coming anyway, like some -- they were up for some refreshing to begin with, so we think it'll be pretty manageable, but we don't have a number yet.
Thomas J. Folliard: No, not really, Gary. That's pretty much -- we believe it's those factors that we referenced, but we -- there's no substantial change in the way we're talking to customers at all. We're always training and trying to get better and better at how we greet, handle customers, take them through objections, so -- but that's more of a marathon than it is a sprint. So if we're making some progress there, it's steady, slow progress over time.
Thomas J. Folliard: We've never felt like the lease issue had anything to do with our inventory levels. Our inventory levels were always a function of where we expected sales to come out and kind of how we felt about the next several weeks. As I mentioned, part of the unique comparison this year than last year, when we normally build inventory in the fall -- and there's a few reasons we build inventory in the fall. We have a really -- we usually have a pretty good sales week between Christmas and New Year's. We head into tax season in January and February, which you can see in our seasonality, there's always a pickup in sales there. There's also -- less of the auctions are opened on a more consistent basis, so if you want to build your inventory, you kind of have to do it in a bit of a spike during the fall season. If you think over the next couple of weeks, with Christmas and New Year's falling on a Tuesday, that's when, for example, Florida Auto Auction runs, that's one of the biggest auctions in the country, so they'll be closed for 2 weeks. And that's just something that we normally do. Last year, we had a negative comp quarter in the second quarter and we weren't as optimistic, so we just did not build inventory like we normally would. And this year, we're kind of back to where we were before in addition to moving inventory along with sales and having 10 new stores in the pipeline. So it's not something really -- it looks really big because it's 30% up year-over-year, but 2/3 of it is explained by improved sales and new stores in the pipeline.
Thomas J. Folliard: We'll probably get to New Jersey as part of our Philadelphia market first. We're looking at Philadelphia now, but we're probably still a couple of years away. We do have a site in King of Prussia in New Jersey. The advertising market for Philadelphia, I think, would include parts of New Jersey like Cherry Hill, as well as Newark, Delaware. So Philly is a big market for us. It's complicated, it'll be multiple stores, but it's a place that we're excited to go to, and then you can buy a car from us.
Thomas J. Folliard: We have, on occasion, done some stuff on the website, advertising a particularly attractive rate, but remember -- Tom referenced the 2.45% rate, remember, that's only available to the very top tier of customers. So oftentimes, if you advertise too much of a low rate, your -- most customers don't qualify for that. So although we've done that some in the past that has very -- nothing to do with what we've seen this quarter.
Thomas J. Folliard: That part is really hard to judge, Brian, whether or not people are going back to buying, I guess, an extra car or a fun car. Our history with that is that usually doesn't happen in the fall anyway. And we had a negative 3% comp last year's third quarter, so this was our easiest comparison of the year. But I think consumer sentiment has come back some but -- and the customers that are coming to the store now seem a little bit more engaged maybe than they had been before, as has shown up in our conversion. And like I said, I think it's from a number of different reasons, and the credit availability and attractiveness of rate is no small part of the picture. I think it's people get involved, they get involved in considering to buy car and then they find out how cheap their payment's going to be, and they're probably a little bit more likely to buy a car, so. But it's really hard to tell if behavior is shifting back to what we saw pre-recession. I'd say not yet.
Thomas J. Folliard: Just as a group, we're very pleased with the performance of all of our new stores. And it's a pretty diverse set. There's some in brand new markets. We have a couple of our -- what we've called our next-generation format, we have some satellites going back into existing markets, so -- but we've only been back to growth here for whatever it is, about 2 years. And we've really -- since the recession, we opened those 3 stores that were already built. We opened 5 during the year last year and 10 this year, so there's not a lot of time really to read them, but as a group, we're very pleased.
Thomas J. Folliard: I'm not sure how unusual it is, but in general, we would think that as traffic grows, appraisal traffic grows, it's probably a bit unusual in this quarter that our traffic was relatively flat in aggregate, but our -- those -- of those customers who came to the store, about 10% more decided to get their car appraised. And since we bought at the same rate, that delivers the wholesale increase. So yes, it might be a little bit unusual, but I would still think that over time, we would see those numbers move directionally pretty similar.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, probably. Some of the people who -- obviously, some people who sell us the car also buy a car from us. So I mentioned the factors that we thought were improved conversion. And clearly, some of those customers had to get out of whatever it was that they were driving, so that probably had something to do with it as well.
Thomas J. Folliard: So we've been talking about the supply issue, we've been talking about the spark coming back, which would help us from a supply standpoint. But it really -- our ability to predict when that'll happen, there are so many other factors there with consumer behavior and lots of other -- how quickly people turn out of their car, cars per household. We think it's coming. It's hard to really say whether or not it happened this quarter. We did see a mix shift within our mix, within the 1- to 4-year old cars, where this quarter, we had a bigger percentage of our sales were 1- to 2-year-old cars, so you could see it coming back a little bit. That was offset by a decrease in 3- to 4-year-old cars, but if you look at the mix of break it into 2 groups, 1 to 4 and 5 to 10, it was pretty similar to what it has been. So embedded in there is some movement towards 1- and 2-year-old cars, but in aggregate, we haven't seen it very much.
Thomas J. Folliard: We've announced the next 3 years, we're very comfortable with that number. We said all along that we think we need a balance between opening up new stores and continuing to improve our existing business model. I think I'm very proud of the way our teams have reacted and the progress that we've made in both of those areas. I think the build that we've announced for stores: 3, 2 years ago; 5, last year; 10, this year; 10 to 15 in the next 3 years. We think that 10 to 15 gives us a range of acceleration to push it up if need be. Really, the next year for us is a largely baked because those stores are already under construction. It takes about a year to build one of these, so we're pretty happy with what we've -- what our plans are over the next few years. We don't want to get too overly excited over any short-term trends nor do we want to move in the other direction if something were to go south a little bit.
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, we've operated in depreciating environments before and been able to manage our margins pretty good, but it's really hard to say. There's just too many other factors. I mean, I would take lower margins for much higher sales, so it really just depends what's going on in the overall market place, including wholesale, including finance and including demand and supply. There's just too many factors there to really say I'm 100% sure we can keep our margins within such a tight window.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, I mean, as we're -- you've seen how finely we've managed it. So without giving any guidance, I don't expect our wholesale margins to go down to $400. So I mean, I think we're able to manage it pretty well.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. Not really, I wish there was. But even with the financing piece, which we know we're giving better offers, we know what's going on in the subprime world as it relates to our customers. Every time somebody gets an approval, we still have to execute in the store, we still have to overcome objections. Oftentimes, we have to convince customers to put more money down. Oftentimes, we're making them an offer on their car that's less than what they owe at the bank, so I just -- I couldn't be more proud of our store teams and our execution and our ability to manage customers effectively. So it's really hard to say. I mean, if you just changed a rate, it's not necessarily going to sell you more cars if you don't actually execute that in the stores and provide great customer service. So it's just -- it's really hard to say, almost impossible for us, really. It's a combination of all of those factors and they work well in the quarter and we're really pleased with the results.
Thomas J. Folliard: No. As I said earlier, I think this is a -- it's -- I said it's more of a marathon than it is a sprint. I think we're providing lots of great training in the stores, but it's a very long, slow, continuous improvement type environment, not we're going to come up with some new thing that's going to change our fortunes overnight, we don't expect that at all.
Thomas J. Folliard: It probably wasn't much in the quarter just from straight math. We have 10 stores we opened this year, none of those are in the comp base. We only opened the 3 2 years ago and then the 5 last year, so when you look at 116 or 117 store total and then the fact that the stores opened up in terms of a volume compared to one of our bigger stores pretty low, I'd say it had very little impact. Although I haven't actually gone and done it, I just -- it couldn't have had much of an impact on comps.
Thomas J. Folliard: I think in general, our brand has gotten stronger since we started, so I think that has some truth in any new market we go to, particularly since we've been doing a portion of our TV ads have been national advertising over the last couple of years. It's about 40% of our TV spend is now national. So even a place like Denver, where we didn't have a presence, has been seeing some CarMax ads over the last couple of years. But clearly, in a market that we have a more established base of stores and established base of customers that we've been selling to, we would have a stronger brand awareness for sure, but that's not a factor in us selecting where we're going next. We're basically trying to go everywhere that we're not.
Thomas J. Folliard: We think that is part of our growth opportunity and it represents somewhere between 80 and 100 markets in the U.S. that currently would -- they would not be in the growth plan, if not for figuring out how to do a small format store. I think we can do both. I think we can go after the markets that are more traditional or even bigger metro markets, and at the same time, on a limited basis, go after some of these small markets, figure it out, see if it works, and if it does, we can build them into the pipeline going forward. So when you look at what it represents of our total growth, it's a very small percentage of it. Next year, we'll open up Harrisonburg, Virginia and Jackson, Tennessee as 2 small format stores, but we got to get a couple of them opened and read the results for a while before we determine how aggressively we want to go after that opportunity.
Thomas J. Folliard: There's been a lot of talk about that for the last couple of years, so the shifting that we've seen, I think we've already seen. So it's not like there was something unique in the quarter with the way everybody else behaved. And as it relates to us, we are selling older mix of -- an older mix of cars than we did pre-recession, but we never lowered our quality standards. So we've seen pretty significant growth in our wholesale business and that's the type of stuff that people are saying that they're retailing. We've chosen not to do that, but we've seen growth in that area of our business pretty substantially over the last couple years, as you've seen.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, those cars are going to be bought the same way we buy everything, either a combination of buying cars directly from the consumer and buying cars in the open marketplace, whether it's at auction or elsewhere, so it's a combination of those 2.
Thomas J. Folliard: We have not, other than to say that our -- what we buy from consumers is more profitable than what we buy offsite. Remember, there's some costs involved with buying offsite, shipping and things of that nature, so it's always been a more profitable source to buy internally, but we've been able to manage the mix pretty effectively to a margin target.
Thomas J. Folliard: No. I mean, it's -- again, it's one of those things that's -- it's not really -- I don't think that it should be measured on what happened this quarter and therefore, that means this forever because there's a lot of timing stuff in there as well, but we've always said mid to high single digits plus that even in a growth environment we thought we could leverage SG&A. We had a 12% comp, we leveraged SG&A, we're building infrastructure for growth at a higher rate than we were the year before, so we're pretty pleased with the results ourselves, but I'm not sure that it's -- that you should read into it any more than that.
Thomas J. Folliard: Again, like I said, it's hard to tell. If I knew what comps were going to be, I'd have a better idea. And there's no doubt, I think if you're asking that an increase in Tier 3 or subprime percentage is less beneficial, you're right. So it's a little tougher to leverage when you have a higher percent mix, but we did it this quarter, so we'll have to see how the quarter comes out.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. If you knew, it would be really helpful for us if you could tell us, but it's really hard to say. When you look at all the things that are in the fiscal cliff and you have to jump to a conclusion that therefore consumers are going to behave in a certain way. What I feel really good about is our ability to react, move our business, move our inventory accordingly and operate in lots of different economic environments. So I feel super confident in our teams' ability to respond to whatever happens with the consumer. It feels a little better this quarter. I think that's part of why conversion was up. It's not – this is just what I believe, it's not -- I can't go give you a statistic that says consumer sentiment added x amount to our sales, but it's just impossible to tell what will happen at the end of the year.
Thomas J. Folliard: I think -- I don't have the Manheim trends in front of me, but there's been some depreciation during the last few months in the fall, which is pretty normal for -- actually, I'm not sure what normal is anymore but it used to be normal several years ago. We went through a couple years of unusual appreciation for a long time, but I think we've seen some movement -- some depreciation in the last few months that is just a little more normal than the fall, so I mean, nothing shocking.
Thomas J. Folliard: I think what's lost in that whole conversation of new car appreciation over the last couple of years -- I mean, I'm sorry, used car appreciation over the last couple of years, is that new car prices have gone up equal or more. The average price of a new car is over $30,000. So the spread, if you just look at our average sale price and the average of a new car, the spread really never tightened up very much. Now on an individual car basis, there's always examples, there's been examples the whole time we've been in business, where on a specific make or model depending on how hot it is and depending how much pressure the manufacturer's putting on pricing that, that window could get kind of tight and consumers might decide to buy a new car over a used car on a specific make-model basis. But in general, we think the spread is attractive enough that we're providing great value to our customers.
Thomas J. Folliard: It's way too early to tell on that. The other part is we had it available with Android as well and we had a few issues with it, so we had to take it down this week. We expect it to be back up quickly, but until we have both the iPhone and the Android app up and running and get some more time to read it, it's almost -- what we can tell is what percentage of hits it represents, so that's the number we gave you.
Thomas J. Folliard: Matt, we're really proud of everything we've done here. I think we've done some phenomenal things in marketing. We've built a terrific brand over time. I think our marketing team has done an outstanding job in pretty much every area. We are looking forward and looking at staying ahead of the consumer and some of the things that are going on in mobile and digital. We had a terrific guy who you know, Joe, who was in -- who had multiple responsibilities here, and we really want to have a Chief Marketing Officer specifically dedicated to that one area alone. But I'm really proud of the stuff that we've accomplished so far. And as we look at growth over the next 5 to 10 years and we look at adding between 30 and 45 stores and continue to have our existing stores' growth, I'm just really excited about the opportunities we have to continue to build our brand.
Thomas J. Folliard: All right. Thank you very much. Thanks, everyone, for joining us. Happy holidays. Thank you, everyone, for your support. And especially, I want to thank all of our associates for all you do every day. And we'll see you after the 1st of the year. Thanks a lot.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes. Matt, we talk about that we're constantly testing to see if changes in APR and in our offer will move the needle for customers, and we do that on an ongoing basis. And we've been testing in the past 2 years in this low interest rate environment. But I think what we saw in Q2 -- starting in Q2, is that customers have become more responsive to changes in interest rates and more receptive to it, which means we get better attach, fewer payoffs and more sales, so that's a good package for CarMax. And you can see in our APR for the quarter, which we started providing now in the earnings release instead of the Q so you have a couple weeks head start with it, that we're down at 7.7% for the originations during the quarter versus 8.1% in Q2 and 8.7% a year ago. So we have dropped rates, but all in all, it's -- we think -- believe it's positive for CarMax. And it's really -- that's our barometer for testing the competitive environment is whether customers are receptive to those changes and we found that we believe they have been recently.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, I think it's a proactive and responsive way of looking at the world and that's how -- we've just seen customers actually move this time. So the point of reference, our best credit customers during Q3 were offered a rate of 2.45%, which is pretty low and pretty competitive.
Thomas W. Reedy: It's the latter, Brian. We historically have not promoted finance in our marketing. We want to provide the customer the competitive and best offer that we can get at the point-of-sale and that's where they're seeing it.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, Matt. I don't think we can predict exactly what's going to happen as we cycle. And in fact, the subprime actually started elevating last fall and then we saw another pickup in kind of the wintertime Q4, Q1 period. But because we did see an increase in subprime over the course of Q4 last year, we expect that the subprime mix will likely be a bit higher this year than last year because we are rolling over a period of transition. But I wouldn't expect the same kind of proportional increase you've seen in other quarters this year.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, it's the same calculation. But if you look back sequentially, in Q2, you saw that, that number was 8.1%. But if you -- and if you look at a deal, it's a combination of loans we've originated probably over the last 6 months plus things that have rolled off of other deals. So there's -- each deal can be very pretty -- not significantly, but there can be some variance in APR on deals depending what's in there.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes. I think if you think about how -- the life cycle of our portfolio, as we're adding -- if we change the mix of the portfolio, it takes a couple of years for the portfolio to normalize to kind of equate to that steady-state mix, and we're still seeing that happen here with regard to taking back the lower end of the credit spectrum that we've been doing over the last 18-or-so months. So I think as the portfolio continues to normalize to what we're originating today, we would expect to see that number move up, but it also depends on what's going on with loss experience, which has been positive in the last several quarters. It's hard to predict exactly where it'll go, but I would -- we would expect that it's going to trend upward. Now at the same time, you got to remember, we're charging up more for those loans because they're higher risk and it's a good business proposition for CarMax. At the end of the day, it's a profitable endeavor for us and that's why we're doing it, so you've got to remember, we're getting paid more too on this.
Thomas W. Reedy: I'd say historical levels, it's going to depend on the quarter. But I think in -- low-40s is not an abnormal number for CAF. We said high 30s to low 40s. And it all depends on what's going on with the customer flow through the door and how they're receptive to our offers. It's very hard to comment on where it's going to go.
Thomas W. Reedy: We can get back to you after the call, but you've got to remember, we also had other partners lending in the same spaces as back as that time period, so it's not really an apples-to-apples comparison.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes. I think we -- the way we looked at it is we're still a growth company. A dividend is more of a longer-term commitment. We're committed to looking at returning value to our shareholders in any method that is appropriate and makes sense and the repurchase just seemed, given our current situation, was a more appropriate vehicle. I really can't comment much beyond that but...
Thomas W. Reedy: I think we'll cross those kind of bridges when the time's appropriate. We look at our capital structure. We look at how the business is doing and what we're returning on an ongoing basis. And I think what we can say is we'll, like I said, we'll use the tools that are available, and we'll do what we think is most appropriate for our shareholders at that time. At this point, we don't have anything new to report. We're buying back programmatically right now.
