Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, Tom, and Enrique. Our record sales, earnings, and market share gain last year, combined with the changing consumer behavior in favor of omnichannel offerings, validate our strategy as the right path forward. We believe that CarMax is unmatched in the industry as an omnichannel used car retailer and now more than ever, customers want to personalize seamless and multichannel experience that allows them to shop on their terms, whether that is online, in-store, or a combination of both. Over the past several years, we've invested more than $300 million in digital initiatives, technologies, and our associates. These investments focus on modernizing our systems, expanding our digital offerings, and reorganizing ourselves to innovate quickly, while capitalizing on the inherent advantages of being a larger company. I am extremely proud of how these investments have empowered us to quickly adapt to an ever-evolving consumer and operating environment. I'm also excited about the opportunities we've set ourselves up for in the future. The priority of our near-term strategic investments will focus on our customer experience, vehicle acquisition, and our wholesale business. In addition, we will continue to assess opportunities to become a leaner, more agile and more cost effective organization over the long-term, which in turn funds new ways to evolve and grow. Our omni-channel offerings are the next evolution of the exceptional customer experience that CarMax is already known for, providing a truly unique retail experience by personalizing each customer's journey through multiple channels is a significant differentiator for us. With the rollout of omni-channel almost complete, our focus is turning towards improving and evolving this experience. For example, last year, we began testing a post-sale home delivery process, where a customer can buy a car fully online before it is delivered to their home. While most customers prefer to see and drive vehicles before purchase, some want to purchase without taking these steps. It is our goal to quickly scale this capability nationwide by the end of this year were allowed by law for any customer who wants to shop this way. Another experience area that we will continue to focus on is our centralized CECs. While we know they will provide significant long-term benefits, in the near-term they will run with some inefficiencies as they ramp. Opportunities exist to drive effectiveness through improved, associate training and specialization of roles. We also see opportunities to gain efficiencies through automation, data-driven algorithms and smart routing to get the right customer to the right associate at the right time. When it comes to vehicle acquisition, we are the largest buyer of used vehicles, which provides us with unique avenues to efficiently source cars. In the near term, our investments are going to focus on improving our core buying channels and opening up new buying channels. We will also continue to invest in modernizing our wholesale auction platforms, which will enable us to operate all auctions simultaneously online and in person. Finally, there are a variety of areas we are looking at to become leaner, more agile and more cost-effective over the long-term. These include store and reconditioning efficiencies and adapting our workplace for the future, further separating ourselves as one of the best places to work in America. The rapidly changing consumer behavior is favoring companies with omni-channel offerings. And we believe we have the best omni-channel experience in the used car industry. We provide a personalized, multichannel experience that empowers customers to buy a car on their terms, all while taking steps to keep our customer safe across their car buying journey. It is designed as a world-class in-store experience, a world-class online experience and a seamless combination of the two. No other used car retailer is in the position to deliver this iconic customer experience the way we can, because of our talented associates, our physical footprint, our online experience, our infrastructure and national brands. We are very excited about the future as we continue to leverage all of our capabilities, while also advancing with new innovations. At this time, we will be great -- be glad to take your questions.
Bill Nash: Yes. Good morning, Scot. So I think, first of all, it's a little difficult to do comparisons at this point. You have to look at growth rates going into it. You have to look at growth rates that they're currently at. I think you have to look at geographic differences. I also think you have to take into consideration different responses to the mandates, because I can tell you even though we are following mandates in every single market, we know that there are others that were not following mandates. But I think the biggest factor, I think the structural factor that I think it's important to remind everyone, and I talked about this in my opening remarks about the limited operations and the occupancy restrictions. Keep in mind, we sell on average more than 300 cars a month. We have locations that sell upwards of 1,000 cars a month. And when you start talking about limited operations or occupancy restrictions, let me bring it to life for you. We had occupancy restrictions in a bunch of markets where all you could have were 10 customers in your store at a time, that's 10 total customers. So, it doesn't matter if they're for appraisals, if they're for buying, or they're there for retail, you can only have 10. So I think that alone, the occupancy restriction and the limited operations probably hurt us a little bit more just because of the sheer volume. Because again, if you're a dealer that sells 60 to 100 cars, even limiting it to 10 customers at a time is not as impactful on them as it would be for someone like us.
Bill Nash: Yes. It's hard to pinpoint down to specifics. In my opening remarks, when we had -- at the peak, we had half of them that we either closed or limited operations. At that point, the bulk of them were closed. So we had about 70 stores that were closed, 35 were under limited operations, and then the remaining 100-plus had occupancy restrictions. And over time, what we saw is that shifted from store close to limited operations and eventually from limited operations to occupancy restrictions. Now the great news is; the occupancy restrictions although currently, we still have half of our stores that have occupancy requirements, they're starting to ease. So instead of having only 10 customers or 20% occupancy or 30% occupancy, you're starting to migrate more to 50% occupancy, which makes a big difference. We still have four stores that are running limited operations right now, but we hope to get them back up to full operations based off the mandates in the near future. Now, keep in mind with the rise of the virus spiking in some markets, at any given point in time, we may have to close a store here and there because of a positive test result in the store. And our normal protocol, we close, we do a big deep clean and then we reopen. So, if I look back in Q1, it probably -- it's right around 73% of the days we ran with limited operations, about 70% -- a little above 70% of the days we ran with closed -- totally closed operations. And when you look at them combined, about 62-ish percent of the days out of the quarter had both things going on, closed and limited operations.
Bill Nash: Yes, Seth. So, regionally, if you look at it throughout the quarter, obviously, there were certain markets that were a lot more restrictive for a lot longer time period. And some of the West Coast stores come to mind. So right now, I think the occupancy restrictions and the limited operations are the big driver of the difference between -- keep in mind, there's lots of different mandates out there by local level. And so, the more restrictive the mandates are, the more it's going to have an impact on our business. So that's really what's driving, I think, the different performance as well as some of these markets have been open for three, four weeks now, other markets are just starting to kind of reopen. So I think that's the big driver between the differences. But, again, we're pleased both with how occupancy restrictions are starting to ease, and we're pleased with the fact that we do have a bunch of our stores already comping over significantly higher sales last year.
Bill Nash: Well, it's not quite a majority of the stores at this point, but we do many stores that are comping.
Bill Nash: Yes. Sure, Sharon. So, first of all, the way I think about our omni-channel experience, I don't necessarily measure it, kind of through alternative delivery, although I'll speak to that to answer your question. The way I think about the omni-channel experience is, how many of our customers are engaging with us online with our CECs. And prior to the virus hitting, it was roughly about 50% of our sales were coming through engagement with our CECs. Fast forward to now, that number is north of 60%. And I think that's reflective of customers wanting to do more things online. If you look at kind of alternative delivery, so for us, it's about home delivery. And curbside, at the peak, when most stores were closed and running under limited operations. And the markets that offer those services, combined, you're looking close to about 15% penetration. The interesting thing though is now markets are starting to open. We still see heavy engagement online, doing things ahead of time, but customers are still opting to go to the store. So the number has actually settled down now between those two, right around 10%, a little bit under 10%.
Bill Nash: Yes. No, I think we are in great shape. Again, I said this on my opening remarks that the team did a phenomenal job. And just to put it in perspective, if you go back to 2008 and 2009 in the Great Recession, over the worst depreciation cycle. So over about a year's time, we saw $3,500 in depreciation. In this period, over about a five-week period, we saw about $2,500 of depreciation. We've never seen the magnitude of depreciation like we saw this time. The team did a phenomenal job rightsizing our inventory, and we certainly did not go into fire cell mode by any stretch of the imagination. But we did do strategic markdowns on certain pieces of inventory to make sure that we got it into the right level. So I feel really great about our position. I feel really great about our margins going forward. And assuming that the economy, obviously, there's lots of uncertainty with the economy right now, but assuming that we continue on this cycle, I think we – the GPU headwinds are beyond us.
Bill Nash: Yes. I'll talk about the inventory. So obviously, when the virus hit, our immediate focus in – when the virus hit, our immediate kind of crisis focus was really about, okay, the health and safety and financial wellbeing of our associates, the health and safety of our customers, but then also the financial security of the organization. And part of that financial security was rightsizing the inventory. And we always make sure we have the inventory that's appropriate for sales. So this was no different. When we saw the demand go down, we absolutely got into the mode of, okay, let's get our inventory right sized. Now, the great news is, the sales have come back better than what we expected over a quicker time period. And we've got our production facilities all back up and operational, but it is a bit of a headwind right now. If you look at the sales demand and our inventory is lighter than where we want to, but truthful I'd rather be on this side of the equation than the other side of the equation. So again, I think the team did a great job. And we'll work over the next few weeks to get the inventory right sized. We've already started to fill back up our pipeline. Our sale of inventory is less down – I mean, it's more down year-over-year than our total inventory. So now it's just a matter of getting it produced, which our teams do a phenomenal job on. And then I'll let Tom talk a little bit about CAF.
Bill Nash: Hey Seth, the other thing I'll mention that you did not mention as far as the headwind is, I would also consider the CECs to be a bit of a headwind this quarter as well. Because of that big jump up that we saw from folks engaging online, we expected to get there. We had no idea we're going to get there over about a four-week period. So, we had to ramp up the CECs, which in the near-term, is a bit of a headwind. Our service levels were not at where we want them to be. But again, we're fixing that right now and that will continue to improve as well.
Bill Nash: Yes. So, the 10% to -- so at the peak of the virus, when we had the most stores closed or in limited operations, we saw in the markets, the eligible markets that have the home delivery and the curbside, we saw peak -- combined peak close to 15%. If you looked at it as a percent of total sales across the whole organization, it was around 10%, and it settled in -- it was a little bit above 10%, but it's now settled back in to a little -- around 10%, a little bit under 10%.
Bill Nash: Yeah. I'll talk about the reconditioning side, and then I'll let Enrique talk about the SG&A. So on the reconditioning side, as I said earlier, we're going to continue to look for ways to take cost out. The reconditioning well be one. If you remember back in 2008, we had significant improvements there. What I would say is I think they're going to be incremental improvements in the reconditioning. So I wouldn't say that you're going to see -- back then, it was north of $250 per unit. There is no big, okay, go do this, and it's going to be $250. There's going to be a lot of incremental things. We're going to be rolling out our new version of flow into all the stores, we pick up efficiencies there, as well as we'll continue look for procurement efficiencies, both in the reconditioning side, but in the store side as well. And I'll let Enrique talk about the SG&A.
Bill Nash: Yeah. I think the other thing to add to that. If you looked at what we were thinking about -- before the coronavirus, we're going to be coming into this year, we were going to continue to make investments. In the past couple of years, we've talked about needing comps in the range of 5% to 8% in order to lever. If you looked at what we were looking at coming into this year, if all we've been focused on with omni, the omni experience, we would have levered better than that. Now we have made the decision to hit some new strategic initiatives, some of which we continue to hit into this quarter, some of them we put on hold. But that gives you a little bit of color. We still -- this year had been a normal year. We would have still been in the 5% to 8% range, but it's just so hard to know at this point, as sales come back, we'll continue to adapt.
Bill Nash: Yeah. So that growth, I was talking about was the first two weeks of June, both leads and traffic were double digit.
Bill Nash: Yes. So, as far as the source goes, we don't feel like we had a problem on finding the vehicles. We're in production mode right now, which is really building the inventory back up, but the concern isn't about being able to find the vehicles. We'll be able to source those. I will tell you, during the quarter, pretty much the wholesale market external market froze because a lot of the sales were closed, dramatically low vehicles being offered for sale. But at that time, we weren't out really buying anyway. So it didn't really matter. And it's gone to the point now where, if you look at the volume that you're seeing in the sales and you look at the sales rate that you're seeing in the external sales, they really have come back. They're very near getting back to pre-virus levels.
Bill Nash: Yes. Well, during the quarter, we had a little bit of a shift mix to -- from zero to two-year-old car shifted to five plus. So that's what we saw during the quarter. We also saw – if you look at our average selling price for the quarter, it was up a little bit, but that's primarily due to the fact that we had a shift mix into large SUV gas closures, which are more expensive year-over-year. We were several percentage points up on that. And because a lot of the inventory that was sold in March and April was acquired back in the appreciating market time of the pre-virus.
Bill Nash: Yes. Brian, it's hard to know for sure. I mean, I think there's absolutely some pent-up demand because people were staying at home for several weeks. So I think there's some of that. I think the CARES Act has given some folks money. And I think that’s one of the reasons why you see the increase in Tier 3. I think that it's a little bit like tax refund money. When folks have it, they tend to go out. And the biggest population that we see that driving are the lower FICO-type customers. As far as the sustainability, it's hard to tell. I mean, right now, it's such an uncertain environment out there. I mean, we've got high unemployment. You've got these spikes in the coronavirus cases. You got the social challenges going on. So I think we're well positioned and having come through this, I think we're more agile and resilient than even before. So I think we're prepared for wherever it may go, but I think it's too early to say, hey, this is going to be – where this is going to go? And is this going to be sustained? I think it's going to depend on a lot of macro factors, but what I can tell you is that we'll be ready to pivot any way we need to.
Bill Nash: Yes. So, during the quarter, it really was a kind of a non-story as far as the gap widening or collapsing. And I think as we look forward, there's a lot of factors that you have to kind of weigh in. What's going to happen with new cars as far as the manufacture and how much production they're going to actually be able to do? They're struggling to get opened back up again and get new cars out there. So, I think that will be something that weighs into it. I think there's probably a lot of wholesale inventory that needs to be released through the sales that kind of got backed up a little bit. So I would expect to see additional wholesale inventory being offered. So, I think it just depends. It depends on the new car and how that continues to progress as well as when the timing of some of this wholesale inventory really starts to come out. I mean, I talked about the depreciation during the quarter, but what’s remarkably, which is as remarkable as the decline was how quick it's come back. And so, I think, the wholesale market is pretty self regulating. And at some point, if it gets too high, it will just slow down sales. And it corrects itself. But I think supply -- we will be fine on the supply side. But as far as the gap between new cars really going to depend on, I think, production of the manufacturers.
Bill Nash: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Craig. And you're right. It was awesome. The team did a phenomenal job. We've talked about in the past, the fact that we've been testing some simulcast technology. And really within a matter of about two weeks, got all of the sales converted over to the virtual platform is truly remarkable. And the team did a phenomenal job. As far as the economics, it's a little too early to talk about that. But what I will tell you is, during that time period, we didn't see any degradation of dealer attendance. So, we already had a very high dealer-to-car ratio. And obviously, the more dealers you have, the more your vehicles will bring as far as price goes. So, I think that our physical presence in having online auctions, but also complementaring it -- I'm sorry, having the physical presence and having running these auctions, and then also complementing it with the online, is great, because I think it will continue to open up the sales to even more dealers. And when you have more dealers, theoretically, you should be able to get more value for your cars. And if you can get more value for your car, then you -- for us, you want to put as much on it for the consumer as we can, so we can buy as many units as possible. So, I think it's a little early, but I would expect that having the online will make it available to more dealers.
Bill Nash: Yes. So you know, if the virus hadn't been here, I think we had already talked about, you know, last year we stepped up a little bit on a per unit basis when it came to advertising. This year we were planning on – if you look at on a per unit basis is actually we look it. We would spend a little bit more and really a lot of that was also to support the omnichannel rollout. Obviously, we pulled back on all different pieces of advertising during the quarter, but we've been ramping it back up again. And so – I would expect the rest of the year to get more on par, assuming that business continues like this, I would expect to get more on par what we would have been expecting had the virus not hit us.
Bill Nash: Okay. So on the omnichannel experience, at the end of the quarter, we were roughly, let's say, it was available. Omnichannel experience was roughly available in about 65% of the markets. We're now in the 70-ish, mid-70-ish. We will be done with rolling omnichannel out next quarter. Now as far as home delivery goes, when we're all said – when we get it rolled out – omnichannel rolled out everywhere, home delivery will probably right off the bat. At that point, only be available to about 85% of the markets just because there's some small one-off markets and some different logistics that we'll have to work through. As far as the CEC efficiencies coming into this year, we didn't expect the CEC efficiency – we didn't expect the CECs to really become efficient because we knew we are going to continue to ramp of omni and as we are ramping up, but we knew they are going to be inefficient. So I would expect the efficiencies really – to really take hold in next fiscal year. But I tell you, I'm really pleased with some of the progress we've already made on the conversion. If you look at the conversion of the CECs versus the conversion of our old process, we continue to see improvements there. And so we're excited about it. We think it's going to give us a lot of great benefits as we look forward.
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you. Thank you, Carol. Yes. So look, I would just say, look we've never experienced such a rapidly changing environment in all aspects of our business, whether it's retail, it's wholesale, or CAF. In my opening remarks, I talked about all the different accomplishments. And I'd tell you, it's really – it's because of the strength of our culture, the unique business model and our financial structure that really has enabled us to navigate all this. We feel really good about our investments and our path forward and we believe our omni-channel experience is fundamentally different than any other used car retailer, because of that fact it is designed in the world-class in-store or world-class online, but equally important, it's a world-class combination of the two. I want to thank all of you for your questions today. Thank you for your support. And as always, I have to thank our associates for their continued dedication to living our values each and every day. You are the success of CarMax. So, thank you for what you do and we will talk again next quarter.
