Tom Reedy: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everybody. As Tom mentioned, CAF income grew by 2% compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 and average managed receivables grew by 14% to $9.5 billion. For loans originated during the quarter, the weighted average contract rate charged to customers was 7.5%, up from 7.2% in last year’s fourth quarter. Total interest margin declined to 5.9% of average managed receivables compared to 6.3% in the fourth quarter last year and 6% last quarter. For the quarter charge-offs and loss provision were in line with our expectations. The year-over-year increase in loss provision reflects both the favorability we commented on in last year’s fourth quarter and the growth in receivables. Our ending allowance for loan losses at $95 million was 0.99% of managed receivables compared to 0.97% in last year’s fourth quarter. CAF net penetration was 41.7% compared to 40.9% in last year’s fourth quarter. This increase reflects the mix of applications in the stores, where we continue to see growth at the higher end of the credit spectrum and less volume at the lower end. Net loan dollars originated in the quarter rose 7% year-over-year to $1.3 billion, that’s due to combination of growth in CarMax sales and our higher penetration at CAF. Percent of CAF penetration attributable to our sub-prime test was similar to last year 0.7% versus 0.6% of the sales in the prior year. As mentioned in the press release, we are comfortable and plan to continue to originate these loans at the same pace, a targeted volume of 5%, as CarMax’s overall Tier 3 sales. Tier 3 financing, as a percent of sales, was 15.1% compared to 17% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 largely due to the reduced volume of lower credit applications I mentioned earlier. In Q4, we continue to experience a year-over-year decline in the number of credit applications across the lower end of the credit spectrum and moderate growth at the high end. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 3 million shares for about $156 million. For the fiscal year, as Tom said, we repurchased 16.3 million shares. And since inception of the program, we repurchased 46.4 million shares. At the end of FY ‘16, we had 1.4 billion remaining under the current authorization. Now, I will turn the call over to Bill.
Tom Reedy: Yes. Scott, I think that’s – I would say that we continue to see some pretty aggressive behavior from our Tier 2 lenders. And that combined with the lower number of low credit applications both of those impact Tier 3’s ability to get customers, right. I mean, the byproducts of that is what they are seeing might be a little bit less than what they are seeing before. Tier 2, by the way is down slightly this quarter year-over-year as well. But – and as you saw cap was up and other meaning people will bring financing to the table, was up a couple of points also. So that just goes, falls right in line with the fact that we are seeing higher credit quality through the door that, that others up even more than CAF.
Tom Reedy: Right, I guess I can only speak specifically to what we have seen through year end. And if you are asking about CAF portfolio where there is nothing going on there that we see that caused us any concern. It’s been pretty much business as usual. With regard to the partners, the reason we have a number of them because we want to keep a broad spectrum of credit available to our customers. We continue to see greater than 96% of customers who submit an application and get some kind of approval in our stores. So the way I would characterize, it’s greater than 90%. The way I would characterized our availability through the fourth quarter is as good as ever. And as Tom mentioned, we pick a long-term perspective with our partners. We would try to be a good partner. We believe we have developed an origination channel that is spirit to others as far as originating loans for new cares, for used card and new cars, use the transparency and the integrity of the channel. It’s proven out in the past that our partners have seen better performance on their pool rigidly out of CarMax than elsewhere. We have seen in the past that they preferred to allocate capital to us when times have gotten tough. And as we look forward, we would hope that our work in our long-term relationships and the integrity of the channel would make it such that we continue to see that kind of preference for CarMax.
Tom Reedy: Yes. Liz, another way to look at it is, if you look back over time and you see the growth in SG&A, around half I mean coming from new stores and the rest is coming from...
Tom Reedy: Yes, I think remember Rod, these deals take a long time to put together and we had a few of the slips from this year into next year that we would have expected to cost the money up on this year. And if things take longer than expected, you might get concentrated in one year versus the other. And if things accelerate, you find opportunities that you need to close on faster the same could be true, but...
Tom Reedy: I will take the sub-prime. As I said in my comments and in the release, we continue to be comfortable with where we are at and we are going to continue at the same pace with Tier 3 volume, which is about 5% of the Tier 3 volume that we felt throughout the stores. The sub-prime test, we haven’t learned anything that scares us about it. In fact, we believe it’s a profitable business. But there is more to the equation around risk and what we want to do with the company going forward. So, I think the way to characterize it is it’s going to be – it’s about 1% or less of our total portfolio. But all the reasons that we decided to go into this test are still holding true and we need to continue to get knowledge about this space and these customers and we are going to make sure that we are in a position that we can mitigate risk to the extent we need to. And from that perspective, I think we are comfortable kind of steady as you go.
Tom Folliard: I mean, I think it’s an overall inventory management process for us. And I think starts with the by having the right car in the right place at the right time. And that allows us to be able to deliver an exceptional value to the customer. And some of what I talked about last quarter, we talked some big SUVs are a little expensive, so we didn’t buy them. We didn’t buy as many. And that allows us to manage our margin, I think very efficiently. We transfer cars that customers requests. It’s about a third of our sales. So that allows us to turn our inventory quickly. I think our turns help us manage our margins pretty well. And it also allows us to continue to test the margin variability. We are big enough now that we can test pockets and markets and different types of product all across the country and learn a lot about price elasticity. And then that’s reflected in the ultimate margins that we achieve and the sales that we get. So I am very pleased with the quarter and with the results and a positive comp based on one of our tougher comparisons last year. And yes, I think we can get better at this as time goes along. I think we are better at managing our inventory and our margins than we were a few years ago. And with continued use of external and internal data and training and development of the process, I think we will just continue to get better at it. So I am pretty pleased with the progress that we have made and the results we have been able to deliver.
Tom Folliard: Well, I think the biggest thing to look at is just our results and our volumes. During the quarter, our average stores sold around 340 cars a month per store. That’s across the entire chain, including new stores. If you look at used car sales, our used car sales compared to the – I am only going to use the public new car deals as an example here, there are many more franchise deals, as you know. But we sold more used cars during the year than the next four competitors combined. So I feel like our consumer offer is clearly resonating with consumers and we are able to grow our business year-after-year. We once again comped our stores by 2.5% for the full year, a very good number for a company of our size. And I think given the choice consumers still, after they shop around, pick us more often than not. So I think the results speak for themselves. If you look at franchise dealers total for the year, used car sales were up by 2% across all the franchise dealers. And I think you have to look at it on a broader scale and not just focus on the publicly traded auto retailers because they are very small sliver of used car sales in the U.S.
Tom Folliard: Scott, I am not sure that we really know, but I am not sure that that’s not good for us. If you look at our mix of sales in Tier 3 in this quarter, we were down 2 points, so we are 17% of our sales last year’s fourth quarter, 15% this year’s fourth quarter. As you know, that’s been less profitable slice of business for us. It’s one that we are very comfortable being in, one that I have said in the past, I think we provide the best possible deal for customers in that credit segment and we are very happy to be able to deliver a great consumer experience and a high quality car to those customers. But if you look at a base from which to grow your business, if you had a little higher credit profile, it’s not the worst thing. You have been around long enough to know that, that percent of sales for us was at one point is non-existent and it’s gone from two to I think as high in 1 year as 19 might have been our highest full year. So we are down a couple of points for the year. You could argue that, that loss of credit apps, volume of apps hurts comps by a little bit, which it does, but it doesn’t hurt profits by as much at it hurts the comp. So we continue to build our brand. We continue to advertise to get any consumer that want to come to CarMax, but it’s not that bad if it shifts a couple of points in the other direction. But in terms of explaining the volume of applications, it’s very difficult to do.
Tom Folliard: And I think Scott, some of the shifting you are referring to is a reflection of our partners who are fantastic partners getting more and more experience with the CarMax origination channel and being more comfortable with how they originate. So that’s nothing but good for us.
Tom Folliard: I don’t know, I have said and it has been true over time that I think wholesale will grow approximately with sales over time. But it would never be exactly attached. If you look at over a multi-year window that has been true, it’s very difficult to evaluate where – we had a buy rate of around 30% for the quarter. So that’s about – that’s as high as it gets for us. And we are very pleased with that. Some of the peer-to-peer stuff you are referring to are still very, very small, particularly compared to our size and then vary only in a few markets. So we haven’t seen any impacts of any statistical significance that we could attribute directly.
Tom Folliard: Remember, we have small format stores mixed in there too, which are a fraction of what some of our biggest stores are. And also as a percent of our opening, I mean, as a percent of our stores that we are opening each year, the last few years that number is actually going down, because we have been consistent at that ‘14, ‘15 number. So this year, the amount of stores we opened as a percentage of the base has gone down. So, you would expect the percentage of units delivered from the new stores to go down unless we increase the number of stores that we build and we change the profile of the size. What I would tell you is that we are continuing to open stores, because they are delivering a great return. And remember that we have very long models for sales, 30 plus years. And we have some stores – we have a whole batch of stores now that are less than 5 years old and are still on their growth curve. So, we are pleased with the performance of the new stores, that’s why we keep opening them and we think they are delivering a great return. But mathematically, it’s not going to deliver as much to the total, because it’s less of the base. And then remember some of our big old stores are very big.
Tom Folliard: Well, I haven’t looked at. We really – we look at it on a – when we build the store, do we think its on pace to deliver a great return and we are comfortable with the stores we have been building. Boston has been open for 4 or 5 months. We would never make any determination on any market after 4 or 5 months having done this for 23 years. I can just say we are pleased with the openings and that’s why we keep building them.
Tom Folliard: Well, there is – I didn’t mention traffic specifically. I did mention that our comps for the quarter were driven by conversion. So, our traffic through the door was down slightly and our traffic – and our conversion was up slightly delivering a 0.7 comp for the quarter. In terms of the goal of the website and the goal of driving traffic, it’s twofold. One is to drive just raw traffic and the other one is to improve the likelihood of the traffic that shows up to buy a car. So, if a customer – as Bill mentioned, if a customer wants to do more of the process from home, they have those tools available on our website that can be more prepared when they show up. And to be honest with you, it doesn’t matter to us whether we get a few less customers who are a lot more likely to buy or more customers that are just as equally likely to buy. So, it’s very difficult to measure that, but it’s kind of a multifaceted goal with the website. People are doing a lot of research online. There is a lot of data out there that’s telling you that people are visiting less stores than they used to before they buy a car. So, it’s really, really important that our website provides a great education for the customer and when they show up, they are more likely to buy. So, that’s kind of the goal of the website is to educate and then to deliver customers to the store and hopefully, they are more likely to buy.
Tom Folliard: Well, Bill mentioned enhancements to the website and continuing to improve our mobile experience for our customers. So, if you look at where we are spending our dollars, there is no doubt, it’s shifting towards mobile, it’s shifting towards the website, because that’s where our customers are, that’s where we need to make sure that we meet them however they want to be met. And we want to make sure that they have the capabilities to do parts of the transaction or all of the transaction online. I will tell you that the average customer at CarMax has a trade in. The average customer at CarMax needs a loan, has to go through a finance process, sometimes has negative equity, and it’s not as easy to do a $20,000 transaction that is multifaceted, which oftentimes includes appraising the car that they are driving and do the entire transaction online. I am not saying that we won’t do that and we won’t have those capabilities, but that’s a sliver of the customers that we actually deal with. And what we are really, really good at in our stores is helping people find the right car that they need and the budget that they can afford, matching them up with the right credit offer, making sure we give them a fair offer for their trade in, which almost always requires looking at the car and making a fair offer after you have assessed its condition. So, we are going to continue to drive towards giving the consumer more and more capability to do whatever they want to do online and it may someday include consummating the whole transaction, but there is a large segment of customers who really can’t do the whole transaction online due to those other pieces that I mentioned.
Tom Folliard: Again, that’s a – there are multiple things that go into stores comping and the comp base. Remember, we continue to build stores that back into existing markets, which hurts comps. We continue to – as Bill mentioned, we continue invest in our website to drive more customers to our store. We continue to advertise to build our brand. I feel like everything that we do as a company, working on efficiencies, trying to lower our cost, trying to keep our prices competitive will deliver comps over a long period of time. I think we have shown the ability to grow a very big base of business over a very long period of time and I expect to be able to do that in the future, but there isn’t really one button that you push to drive comps. I talked earlier about margin management and inventory management and having the right car in the right place at the right time. All of those things contribute to comps and those are things that we are focused on as a company to continue to improve.
Tom Folliard: With the first question, we have managed our margins pretty consistently over a period of time. I think the margins were down $39ish for the quarter year-over-year. That’s within our level of ability to manage. So, I have always said we would – we tried to do as much price testing as we can and we try to balance margin and sales. And we are pretty pleased with the results for the quarter, but that’s how we will continue to look at it going forward.
Tom Folliard: I will just say I will answer it. Our margin dollars have been very consistent. When the Manheim Index goes down and we can buy cars cheaper, we want to give our customers a better deal. So we have chosen whether it’s right or wrong to not increase our margins when our prices go down because we want to give our customers a better deal. And we are building our business over a very, very long period of time and we want them to leave and say, why I got a really fantastic deal. The next time I buy a car I want to buy it from CarMax. So you can argue with our motives but when our – when our ability to buy a car is cheaper, we have chosen to pass those savings onto our customers as opposed to taking it into margin. That’s just what we have done. The biggest example I can give you is during the recession, our average retail price dropped by over $2,000 in three months and we kept our margins and we bought cars cheaper over that period of time by that same amount and we chose to keep our margins flat. That’s just the decision that we made. I think we gave a whole bunch of customers a great deal and hopefully made customers alike. That’s how we have chosen to run our business. It doesn’t mean that we will do it exactly that way going forward. But when we have the ability to buy cars cheaper, we pass those savings onto our customers.
Tom Folliard: Now, every market condition has different variables and we evaluate all of them and we try to make the decisions that are in the best interest of our customers and our shareholders. So I can’t tell you exactly what’s going to look like going forward. You can look at our history. And we watch depreciation go up, down, Manheim Index go all over the place and we managed our business very consistently through that time. And each time we see a downturn or an up-tick or appreciation or depreciation, we evaluate all those variables and we try to make the best decision we can.
Tom Folliard: Well, I have always – I have said this before that I think that largely, we move directionally with SAAR, but it’s not an exact science. And making a forward-looking prediction on SAAR is something that’s – it’s not something that we really do. And what we focus on is trying to deliver the best deal and the best consumer offer that we can each and every day. And I can’t really comment on what’s going to happen over the next 12 months or 24 months depending on movement in SAAR. I think it’s nice to see new car sales back up to where they were pre-recession. If you actually track new car sales and correlate it with population growth, I think the SAAR is still pretty low. So there are lots of different estimates about what’s going to happen over the next year. We are just going to try and do the best job we can based on the conditions that we see.
Tom Folliard: Yes, I can’t give you the exact percentage, but – because I don’t have it handy. But there is no doubt that new stores on a per-unit basis are significantly SG&A inefficient compared to existing stores, because they are new, because they have higher advertising expense to start, because they are not mature. So if you think about the newer stores, there is no question that they are much more inefficient from an SG&A standpoint on a per unit basis than the older stores. And when you want – you talk about leverage. We have always talked about while we are growing the business, while we are spending the CapEx that we are spending to build 15 stores a year, we need a few points of comps to leverage SG&A at that growth rate. I don’t know if that provides the color you are looking for.
Tom Folliard: I can only comment through February. And SUVs have always been a big percentage of our mix. During the quarter, as Bill mentioned, mid-size and large SUVs were around 24%, roughly a fourth of our sales. I think as I have said before with the high volume of off lease product that means there is going to be a high volume of off-lease product coming back into the market at some point. And I think that there is an opportunity or a chance that, that will create some great deals and some great opportunities to buy, which will allow us to then turnaround and give great deals to our customers. But that’s no different than any segment of our inventory. We are very opportunistic. We turn our inventory very quickly. And we try pass on the best deal we can possibly can to our customers. So it’s still a fourth – it was a fourth of our sales during the quarter. If we see lease volumes, lease turn in starts to pick up, which I would expect they will like they always do when you see such a high percentage of new cars that are leased, we will be the ones that are standing there able to take advantage of that and provide great deals to our customers.
Tom Folliard: No I mean you know that a lot of – a big percentage that we buy comes directly from consumers and the rest comes from auctions and other. So when you see a 24% mix of SUVs, that’s probably about the same from both.
Tom Folliard: That’s a good question and it’s a tough question. I think to use the word optimal is the way I would go and I am not really sure of what that is. I will tell you, I don’t know where you get your data, but we have never been able to get market share data that was accurate on any short-term window of time. I am not even sure how accurate it is over a longer period of time. It is so fragmented nationally. There is 40 million cars sold annually, roughly a third are sold from customer to customer and it’s very challenging to figure out share. I think just the fragmentation alone makes it very, very difficult. As big as we are and I noted some of those numbers earlier, we are a tiny share of 0 to 10-year-old cars nationally, somewhere in the 2% range. So, I don’t know that focusing on share is the right place to spend your energy, because it’s so difficult to ascertain what share actually is. And again, the business is so fragmented you could be as big as we are and have just a fractional share. Even in the markets that we are in of 0 to 10-year-old cars, we think it’s around 5, but remember too that for us, we self select out of a bunch of inventory that’s included in the denominator. We don’t retail anything over 120,000 miles. So, there is a lot of cars that are 0 to 10-year-old over 120,000 miles. We still make an offer on those cars. We buy them and we sell them through our auction. That doesn’t count a share. But we sold 400,000 cars last year that don’t count in share. They just happen to go through our auctions. So, we are evaluating how to think about this going forward, Seth. So, it’s a very good question. But there is such fragmentation I don’t really know how to think about it.
Tom Folliard: We are just trying to optimize our sales. We are trying to grow our business. We are trying to comp our stores and deliver a great return for our shareholders.
Tom Folliard: Yes. I mean, it was down – as I said it was down less than $40 and that’s within our kind of our ability to manage. And as I have always said, we will do what we think is in the best interest of our customers and our shareholders. And I can’t really tell you what we are going to do with margins going forward other than we have been pretty consistent with it over the last several years.
Tom Folliard: Well, a lot of those cars also show up in the auction too remember. So, a lot of customers who are coming off a lease will shop at our store and if we make them an offer that gets them out of their car and makes them a little bit of money a lot of times, because we see a lot of lease trade-ins come to our store in the form of appraisals. So, I can’t give you an exact answer, but what I can tell you is, our percent of cars that we sell, that we retail which we call self-sufficiency has been in the low 30s and it’s been as high as I think the low 50s. And it moves around over time depending on a whole bunch of different variables. And what we have gotten, I think pretty good at, is being able to manage our margins despite the fact that we expect some movement there. So, I can’t predict exactly what’s going to happen when leases – when lease volumes at the auction pick up, but it’s not just lease volumes at the auction. Remember, it’s all these cars coming back into the marketplace in a number of different ways.
Tom Folliard: As I said, it’s a fourth of our sales. I mean, it’s a huge chunk of sales. And I would say the answer is largely yes. I talked about it last quarter. I thought it would have had a fractional impact on us and I was mostly focused on larger SUVs that were just very, very expensive, but if you look at the Manheim Index through from then to now, prices have come down a little bit. But we are always going to try to do what we think is the best value for our customers. But I mean, it’s a huge chunk of our sales.
Tom Folliard: No, we actually just – we have recently tested home delivery. So, we have done some home delivery on a very small test in the market. We will continue to evaluate it going forward. Anything that we see anybody doing that we think would benefit our customers. We are going to evaluate whether or not it makes sense for us. As I mentioned earlier, the one thing to remember is many, many, many transactions involved the acquisition of the customer’s existing car. Something we are very, very good at and I think it gives us a competitive advantage. Some of these smaller online players are connecting consumer to consumer without actually taking any of the inventory and whether actually you are taking any ownership of the inventory, we actually think having 50,000 cars online is a huge advantage for us in providing a great selection for customers and a multifaceted selection when they get into their finance options and find out maybe that they can’t quite afford the car that they thought. So, I don’t think anybody is in a better position than we are to deliver more and more of the transaction online and/or even delivering to someone’s home than CarMax can, because we have the infrastructure in place. As I said earlier, I am not sure how big a piece of our total sales it will be, but we are going to be in a position to do whatever the customer wants us to do.
Tom Folliard: Really, that’s just – Bill talked about the website we designed, that’s one initiative within our spend. We think we can continue to deliver a great value to our customers and continue to deliver our return to our shareholders and invest at the level that we need to make the improvement that we think are necessary to grow the business. So, if there is significant investment in IT? Yes, but there was the last 10 years also and we expect it to be a big investment for us going forward. As we said, we want to make sure we meet the customer where they want to be met. But we think within our big bucket of SG&A spend we can both invest and deliver a good return for our shareholders.
Tom Folliard: There is a number of different things, Matt. I think we had – as you look at this year is a little weaker than last year and so there is less incentive compensation that I have forgotten that, yes.
Tom Folliard: Yes, Matt. As I said earlier, I can only speak to what we have seen through year end. And we have been happy with the performance of our Tier 3 partners. They have done a great job for us. I would say that their conversion on applications is a little bit down. But if we look at a like type of credit that they are seeing come through the door that their behavior has been very consistent over the course of the year. So, while we may not see them converting as many people, because their offers might be weaker, that’s more of a byproduct of the fact that what they are seeing is weaker than how their behavior has been. And as far as how they go forward, we want them to run a business that’s profitable and sustainable so that they can support our customers and we will keep an eye for the long-term.
Tom Folliard: I mean, we couldn’t give you an exact number, but yes, we don’t expect it to be that number the following year.
Tom Folliard: Yes, and I think that because it – we are at this 15ish store year pace, you need to really be working on 60ish pieces of property to deliver that. So, when you get a CapEx number from us, it’s our best estimate of the next 12 months. But as Tom said, there is some timing, there is some shifting back and forth, but this differential between the year that we are telling you about which is the upcoming year compared to last year is almost all timing.
Tom Folliard: The big piece you left out there is the land part of it and that’s not something we really have a lot of control over. But in terms of value engineering our store so that they are both as efficient to build as possible and then as efficient to run as possible, those are the things we are hyper-focused on. But when you look at our openings for the last couple of years and the next couple of years, we are going to do some pretty expensive big metro markets. We have opened Philadelphia, St. Louis and Boston and Denver in the last couple of years. And in the next couple, we have San Francisco and Seattle coming. So oftentimes, in a place like that, the land acquisition price is going to overwhelm the store build in some cases. So, we are really focused on building as efficient as we can, but the answer is I think we are building a more efficient box than we used to, but it’s hard to really discern when you look at the total CapEx.
Tom Folliard: Sure. So again, I talked about the challenges around market share, but it’s about 2%. If you look at it nationally which includes the places that were not. It’s about 5% on average. Remember, our 0 to 10-year-old cars and I talked some about the challenges of the denominator. It’s about 5% in the markets that we are in. And it’s between 10% and 15% in our most mature markets. So, it is no doubt that there is a ramping and a growing over time that’s a combination of comp sales and adding stores into new markets. So, we have seen in our older markets that we can be in the double-digits on share of 0 to 10-year-old cars.
Tom Folliard: But I mean our average numbers speak for themselves. As I said earlier, our average stores – this is our average, including all of our new stores in the quarter sold about 340 cars a month. The average new car dealer who generally are the next biggest and there is variability by market. There is some places where there is independents that have some significant sales. But generally new car dealers that sell used cars we would consider the next biggest and the average nationally is around 40 or 50 cars a month, so that the size differential is kind of true for us in most places.
Tom Folliard: Thank you. And really, I really didn’t do anything. I was along for the ride with a bunch of really great people. And I am still going to be here for a little while longer. So – but listen, that’s all we have today. Thank you guys very much for joining the call and thanks to all of our associates at CarMax for delivering such a great customer experience and we will talk to you next quarter. Thanks.
