Enrique Mayor-Mora: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Together with the strong gross profit growth in retail and wholesale Bill just discussed, other gross profits increased to $142 million, up $111 million from last year's first quarter. This increase was driven by EPP growth of $61 million or 83%, driven primarily by retail sales growth and a stable penetration rate above 60%. Service growth of $42 million or 125%, driven by labor leverage due to our strong sales performance and prior year company support pay; and an improvement in third-party finance fees of $6 million or 57% due to our renegotiated fee structure and changes in tier penetration, partially offset by increased sales. Relative to the first quarter of fiscal year 2020, other gross profit grew $22 million or 18%. This was primarily due to volume-related growth in EPP and the benefit from our renegotiated third-party finance fees, partially offset by service deleverage. On the SG&A front, expenses for the first quarter increased to $554 million, up 71% from our COVID-impacted quarter a year ago. Robust sales in the first quarter, along with disciplined cost management, delivered strong leverage with SG&A as a percent of gross profit of 59.9%, down from 91. 7% in the prior year's first quarter. The increase in SG&A dollars over the last year was primarily driven by a $108 million increase in compensation and benefits, which was primarily the result of comping over COVID-related payroll reductions last year, along with an increase in variable costs due to higher volume and in headcount as we continue to invest in our growth initiatives. Compensation leveraged by 25.8 percentage points versus last year, a $38 million increase in advertising expense driven by our previously communicated investment in advertising spend to amplify the CarMax brand, build awareness of our omni-channel offerings and drive customer acquisition. This year's increase was also impacted by reductions in last year's spend due to the pandemic. Marketing leveraged by 1.9 percentage points versus last year and a $79 million increase in other overhead due to comparing against the $40 million Takata settlement benefit recognized in last year's quarter. Our continued investments to advance our technology platforms and strategic initiatives and comping over pandemic-related reductions last year. SG&A as a percent of gross profit was comparable with the first quarter of fiscal year 2020. We remain committed to ensuring we are efficient in our spend, and we expect that targeted areas of focus will continue to deliver improvements over time. For example, our CECs are a significant differentiator for us and an area of opportunity. In the first quarter, our CECs continued their year-over-year gains in efficiency and effectiveness through automation, data-driven algorithms and smart routing that ensures customers get the right support. We are very bullish about our future, given the strength and trajectory of our current business and the opportunities to expand into the broader used auto ecosystem. We recognize that we have an opportunity to capitalize on our leadership position to grow market share and deliver long-term shareholder value. Our approach to capital allocation is aligned with this belief and is supported by the significant amount of cash our diversified business model generates. First, we continue to focus on our core business by aggressively investing in the digital capabilities required to enhance our omni-channel experience, vehicle and customer acquisition, and the strategic expansion of our store footprint. Of particular note this quarter was the very strong ROI we are experiencing in vehicle acquisition, primarily through our instant online appraisal offerings. Second, we will deploy capital to pursue new growth opportunities through investments, partnerships and acquisitions. On June 1, we completed our acquisition of Edmunds. We are confident this transaction will create significant shareholder value over time. Additionally, of note on the P&L this quarter, other income increased $29 million when compared with the same period last year primarily due to a $22 million unrealized gain on an investment. As we've noted in the past, we have a portfolio of relatively modest investments across the used auto ecosystem. Finally, we will continue to return excess capital back to our shareholders. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 1 million shares for $125 million. We have $1.21 billion remaining in current authorizations. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jon.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, John, what I would say is the 163,000 cars that we bought through our instant online offers really exceeded our expectations. That has been extremely well received by customers. And I think it's a really good example of the investments we've been making in innovation to make sure we're at the forefront of the consumer's mind. And again, that's 163,000 cars through our online offer. And really, we just stood up that product a quarter ago. So, we're really, really pleased with that performance.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. I think the other thing as well is that the diversity of our business model really allows us to perform in any kind of environment. So while pricing may be a headwind in some sense, it's a tailwind to other parts of our business. And you see that in our results, and you see that kind of from quarter-to-quarter in our results just that diversity that is unparalleled in the industry.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, absolutely. If you take a look at advertising, we communicated last quarter and in our Analyst Day, we intend on spending more. And what we said was, we're going to spend this year on a per unit basis, pretty much what we spent in the back half of last year, which was a ramp-up in expense. And so if you take a look at that and you compare it to two years ago, in FY '20, certainly a more normalized year. We're looking at an increase of over 40% on a per unit basis in our advertising costs, which is consistent with what we've communicated. But just to give you some context and perspective on how we think of the importance and more importantly, of the returns that we're getting from our advertising spend.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: We certainly expect that percent of sales and percent of revenues from online to go up. But at the same time, the beauty of our business model is that it's really up to the consumer and of omni, right? So to the degree the consumer wants to buy online, they can do that and more and more so. To the degree they want to come into the store and shop that way, they can do that as well. We expect the numbers to go up. But again, it's really going to be driven by the consumers and how they want to interact with us, whether it's in-store or online.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: No, we don't really talk about -- we have -- as I mentioned, we have a portfolio of relatively modest investments across the used auto ecosystem, primarily strategic to make sure that we understand and we know what's going on in that space. And so, we just had an outsized gain this quarter on one of those investments, but we don't really disclose which companies we're investing in.
Bill Nash: Yes, great question. So yes, we did suspend it. And if you remember last quarter, in the fourth quarter, I talked about we're going to continue to be monitoring those macro factors. And as we monitor the macro factors, especially like the inventory constraints and the elasticity, it didn't make sense to continue to do that. As I said in my opening remarks, we will continue to monitor those macro factors, and we're very open to continuing to do some different things with pricing. I would tell you like right now, I probably would say we wouldn't do it, but we'll reserve the right just as the quarter progresses. But either way, we'll be able to provide great GPUs above $2,000.
Bill Nash: Great question. So when I think about the total buys that we bought from consumers, it's about a 50-50 split between retail and wholesale. And that's both as you think about traditionally customers coming into the store and doing the appraisal, but that also is very similar to the online purchases. As far as the productivity of the online purchase versus the traditional in-store appraisals, they're both great and they're very similar, which again, is a huge benefit as we think about inventory sourcing and being able to manage GPUs, pricing, that kind of thing.
Bill Nash: Yes. So John, obviously, the buying directly from consumers has been a big focus. I've talked about us putting investments in that area. And I think what you're seeing is it really coming to fruition. I mean you think about it, more than 340,000 cars that we bought from consumers, it's up 236%. It's up 77% versus FY '20. It's just truly remarkable. A big piece of that, obviously, is just having easier access to consumer with our online offering. But we're also encouraged just by the traditional with new customers coming into the store and doing appraisals that way. So, we feel good about both of those. The supply piece is interesting. There's some abnormal things that you mentioned there. But I'll go back to what I said in the fourth quarter, supply has not been an issue for us. While our saleable inventory is certainly lower than where we want it to be right now, the supply, if you look at total inventory, we're very much in line with where we were in FY '20. It's really more a matter of production. And I think with the online offering in addition to the traditional appraisal lane that also just diminishes our need for external supply going through those other sources. And more general to your question of how long -- absolutely, there's some supply constraints out there because you've got some different folks doing different things. You also have the demand for maybe some new car customers moving into used cars. I think it will -- time will tell. I think the new car isn't going to work itself out in the next quarter or two, I think we're probably looking more towards the latter part of the year. So, I don't see a lot changing in supply over the next couple of quarters. But again, the supply is not an issue, there's still a lot of cars that are changing hands out there. You may -- if you're buying off site, you have to work a little bit harder. But we feel great about where we are from a total inventory standpoint.
Bill Nash: Yes. Look, we want to drive that target as high as possible. We've historically -- the last several years, we've been in this range of 35% to 45%. We're already above that range for this quarter. We're between 45% and 50% for this quarter. And I think, again, our goal is to drive that as high as possible. And what we're seeing, we're very, very encouraged by that.
Bill Nash: Yes. Good morning, Michael, yes, it's a great question. You've been following us long enough to know that this pricing environment is really -- it's really unprecedented. If you think about from January until now, the $5,000 to $6,000 worth of appreciation that we've seen, it's truly remarkable. Our average selling prices were up a couple of thousand dollars. From an acquisition standpoint, they're actually up a little bit more than that, but it was a little bit offset based off of mix and age. I do think we're reaching an inflection point. If you look at the consumer price index and the difference between new cars and late-model used cars, that gap has definitely narrowed. While new cars are going up, they have not gone up at the pace of used cars. And that's fairly self-correct and get to a point where, okay, its late model used cars is bumping up against the new car. And I think we are getting close to that inflection point. And I think that's I think great because obviously, when the gap narrows, it's a headwind for used car purchases. When the gap widens, the gap between used and new, that's a great thing for used car sales. So I think that's a positive thing.
Bill Nash: Yes. Normally, that pricing environment would be a headwind to just the used car industry in general. I think the difference this quarter was that because there was a lack of new car availability, I think it pushed customers down into the used car market, which helped to raise the price of used cars. So it's really -- it's hard to kind of pull that apart. There's a lot of different factors going on there because you've got now new customers coming in there. You have the stimulus out there that's driving up demand. So, I think the normal -- what you would normally see from really high price increases on used cars, it's hard. I don't think it was the same -- it had the same elasticity effect that you would normally see. Now I think going forward, not having some of that stimulus out there, I think the normal elasticity and pricing, I think, will start to return. And I think back to Michael's point, if we've seen this inflection point starts to go down, I think that's a good thing.
Bill Nash: Yes. And I think the other thing at play here is, look, we've been doing this long enough that whether you see rapid appreciation or rapid depreciation. I think the way that we manage our inventory, how we buy the data that we leverage and the technology that we leverage, I think it's certainly a competitive advantage.
Bill Nash: Yes. Appreciate the question, Rick. Yes, right on the mark, 2.62% is our reserve as a percentage of receivables right now. And correct. Historically, we have sustained at the 2% to 2.5% is our targeted range for our Tier 1 portfolio. Now bear in mind that 2.62% incorporates both Tier 1 and Tier 3 included in there. So if you were to back that out, you can see that we really are in the operating range that we've previously stated. And we've trended downward nicely since that. I think it's a pretty substantial move we've made since the end of Q4 to now. And obviously, that's a reflection of the great performance that we saw in the quarter. So going forward, we think 2.62% is a really solid number for us across both the Tier 1 and Tier 3 portfolio, and we'll see how the customer performs in the future.
Bill Nash: Yes, John. So let me talk first just about the productivity of the ad spend. First of all, we're thrilled with it. If you look at the advertising spend for the quarter, it's actually below the guidance we've kind of given for this year. And I would just think about that as that's just a timing. We're committed to continuing to advertise in a thoughtful ROI way. I would tell you, looking at what we've been doing, we had a record hit. Our average number of hits to our website for this quarter was 34.5 million, which is up significantly from any prior record. which is up significantly We're seeing web visits up roughly 60% year-over-year, 40% if you compare back to FY '20. Google searches are up double digits. So we feel very, very good about the new programs that we're doing and how we're really kind of going out there and spreading the omni-channel experience to consumers. But I'll tell you, this isn't -- it's not a one quarter thing. We need to continue to be at this, and we're committed to continue to spend. And Enrique, I don't know if you have any other thoughts as it relates to the SG&A.
Bill Nash: Yes, Rajat. So, we're pleased with the whole entire quarter. I mean when we talk about looking back to FY '20, don't forget the first quarter in FY '20 was a 9.5% comp and we're comping 16% on top of that. And we saw strong growth in every month of the quarter. And I've talked about it on the last call how March was a new record month for us. April was also a record month as it relates to April. May was also a record month as it relates to May. So we're very pleased with the strong performance throughout there. And we're very pleased with the performance as we enter into the new quarter. I'll tell you, I'll be excited to get to the second quarter because if you remember last year, we had a positive comp in the second quarter. And I'm going to knock on wood that we don't have to keep talking back to FY '20 because it's a lot of numbers to remember. But we'll certainly at the end of the second quarter talk more about that quarter, but we feel great how the quarter started.
Bill Nash: Yes. No, Scot, you're absolutely right. I mean our inventory level right now, is I think -- obviously, we're below target the whole quarter, we're probably 40% lower than where we would like to be. And in a normal environment, if you have that much less inventory, it certainly is a headwind. I think it was a headwind. I don't think it was to the normal elasticity that you would see just given what was going on in the rest of the marketplace. But it really is about production. And we normally build ahead of time to get ready. We weren't able to do that. Our operations team is doing a phenomenal job. We're adding additional capacity in those existing facility. So I would expect that to continue to go up. One of the areas I've talked about from an efficiency standpoint in the past, as we look to take way side of the system, one of the areas that we've been focused on is our flow production. And we've actually now finished rolling out kind of the next version of that. And we would expect to get more throughput through existing facilities and resources. So we're excited about that, and that will continue to help us. And then, of course, to meet our long-term goals, we'll be adding additional capacity as we go forward. But yes, I think it's absolutely fair to say that the inventory was a headwind for us. And it's not the supply side. It's more of the production side. And again, I can't give enough shout-out to our operations team because not only have they been meeting that demand, but they're building on it. And if you watch your inventory recently, you've seen that we're starting to ramp it back up.
Bill Nash: No, I think we can optimize more to say traditional car. Remember, it also depends on the mix of vehicles. Your older vehicles take a little bit longer than your newer vehicles. I think we're probably -- if I think about the whole -- what you're really asking about is cycle time. Cycle time, and keep in mind, that's the time that the car is ready to be worked on. You got to wait for parts and all that kind of stuff. You think about that cycle time, it's probably -- it's somewhere in between the 5 and 10 days, and that depends on the vehicle. Now certainly, some vehicles take a lot less than that. And we have obviously phases in our production that are we measure by minutes. But I do think this is an area of opportunity. I think this is one that we're already, with our new flow production system. I think we're already starting to realize more throughput, which is great.
Bill Nash: Well, first of all, for us, the used car pricing isn't necessarily a tailwind to GPU. We don't manage our margin according to how expensive a vehicle is. We have a lot of other factors. So that's not necessarily a tailwind for us like it might be some of the other folks. I think as we look forward, having -- driving higher self-sufficiency is certainly going to be a tailwind for us. And I've always said that we've -- our prices are very competitive. And I'd tell you, I think our prices are as competitive as ever right now. So I feel great about the direction we're going. I feel great about our prices. I feel great about the flexibility that we have to not only provide world-class GPU per car for retail car, but also be able to do it in a way that our prices are very, very competitive.
Bill Nash: Yes. So, the 5% to 8% was driven by geographic expansion and some additional capabilities. I would expect that number to continue to go up. As I said, we made some good progress. And actually, I'm sorry, you're asking about the total online, not just the self-serve. So self-serve -- I mean, online went from 25% to 40%. And I would expect that number to continue to go up as we add additional capabilities as we go forward. And the areas that we're focused on, I think primarily, what's going to continue to drive the adoption will be, again, adding some of the self-service features. And so when I think about that, the areas we're focused on is to make it a little bit more simple and seamless on transfers as well as trade-ins.
Bill Nash: Yes. So again, we're thrilled to complete the acquisition as are the teams on both sides. As a reminder, they are that premium brand for automotive research. We're going to continue to operate them as a separate brand and a separate company. And we're excited to work with them to continue to drive more of the services for their consumers and their dealers and their OEM partners. We're going to invest in their brand, but we're also excited about the teams continuing to collaborate and progress on programs that help both companies and a great example of that is the instant offers. We developed that with them, initially rolled it out on Edmunds, and then we have it on carmax.com. And we think there's a lot of opportunity there with still and we think there's a lot of opportunity on content. So I think it's very important that we keep the Company separate, and we keep making sure that they're continuing to add value to their individual customers. And I think we can do both. And then as we continue to develop things jointly together that benefit both companies, we'll continue to highlight those in the future.
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, Shelby. Well, hopefully, you guys can tell from our comments that we're extremely pleased with the first quarter results and that we are very excited about the future. And it's not just about the opportunities that come with having this largest total addressable market in the used auto retail, but it's also the opportunities that exist in our other core businesses. So if you think wholesale, you think CAF, and then even going beyond that into this larger auto ecosystem. And all of it is supported by the tremendous transformation, whether it's our omni-channel experiences, whether it's our proprietary tech stack, it's data or some of the other offerings that we highlighted on today's call. I want to thank you for your questions today. I want to thank you for your continued support; and as always, I want to thank our associates for their continued dedication of living our values, taking care of each other, taking care of our customers and communities. They are truly the success of CarMax. So we look forward to truly the success of CarMax. So we look forward to talking again next quarter. Thank you for your time.
