Bill Nash: Let me talk about the comps. First of all, I'm not going to go into any real detail on the comps, but I'll give you a little color, in that we have a control group obviously that we look at. And we're very pleased with the lift that we saw beyond the control group. As far as the profitability, when I talked a little less profitable, that is all-in, so that's looking at SG&A, that's looking at margin. Truthfully, on the SG&A pressures, as I addressed in my opening script, we feel like we can at least offset those, and we feel like this model could be more efficient. And as far as any type of margin pressures, those are two different, whether you roll omni out and have decided to do something different margin, those aren't dependant one on -- or the other.
Bill Nash: Yes, at this point it's hard to tell. And the only thing I would say it we've seen some instances on home delivery that we probably are picking up some customers that maybe we wouldn't have because they physically couldn't have gotten into the store. But this experience is much more than just home delivery and I think it's a better experience for the customers.
Bill Nash: Well, hey, Craig. Just to clarify. I talk about comp growth, nationwide market share actually went up a little bit, but the comp markets went down a little bit. And as I said in my remarks, we saw those declines earlier in the year, and then we started to -- saw a reversal towards the latter half. And I think we've been in an unusual pricing environment the whole quarter, really starting off in the first quarter of this year. And different organizations manage through that differently. Some may give up margin for sales, for example, and our pricing elasticity tests wouldn't support that. The other thing is I just think that it's been a competitive environment overall. Look, this is a good business to be in. And I think the new cars are under a little bit of pressure. And so I think we have some new entrants, I think we have -- there's some more advertising. There's just more general noise overall in the marketplace. So, I think those are both contributing factors, especially early on as we saw different competitors pull different levers.
Bill Nash: Sure. We absolutely expect to pull out a like number, at least a like number. Again, what we've seen so far in Atlanta, if you think about the way we staff a store currently, we staff it for what we call e-office shifts, shifts where people take phone calls and follow-up on e-leads. We no longer have to staff that. So, we will get to the appropriate staffing levels in each store through normal attrition. So we would expect to offset the store staffing with what we have in the CECs. And I think over time this will be a more efficient model, because if you think about it, we have more than 7,000 sales associates across the country. And we're currently asking them all to be part-time e-office sales associates. And some like it, some of them don't, some are good and some aren't so good. So, I think by leveraging folks that are very skilled at this, this is all they focus on, over time will give us even more leverage.
Bill Nash: Sure, Beth. First of all, we feel good about our prices. That being said, we're always making sure that we've got a good price perception. We want to make sure that the customers understand the value of our cars. So there's really four focus areas that we're working on, one of which you alluded to. But first, we're focused more on the quality message and transparency on our Web site, and we're already doing this. As a matter of fact, we rolled out a new Web site nationwide at the latter part of the quarter. We're also focusing more on quality and transparency in our non-Web site advertising, so TV, banners, retargeting things like that. The third thing, which is what you alluded to, is we're working with third-party listing sites to get the credit for our quality standards and the reconditioning that we do. Most third-party Web sites, they don't factor any type of quality or condition into their algorithms. Or if they do, it's not on a consistent basis. So, I feel really good about all those things, we're making great progress. And it may be a factor, but I just don't think it's -- to your other question, I just don't think it's had a major impact on overall comps.
Bill Nash: Oh yes, the pricing tests that I noted, that's part of our normal pricing tests that we do all time. Look, we can drive more sales absolutely just by lowering our prices, but again is that balance of optimizing our total gross profit, total gross profit dollars while also making sure that were competitive in the marketplace and competitive in the marketplace doesn't mean on short-term periods like quarter to quarter. We're looking for structural changes where we may not be competitive we just haven't seen that so we feel really good about where we are in price and what we're seeing on our pricing test as far as normal elasticity.
Bill Nash: Okay so marketing in Atlanta, Atlanta is what we call high awareness market. If you think about we spent is in conjunction with this it would have been normal to like a geo proven to be going into Atlanta. Which is a step up obviously then what we are paying going forward as far as what will spend in additional market every market is going to be a little bit different because it depends on the awareness of what we were previously spending there. As far as the phases of rollout like I said, we will get the second CEC opened early in the second quarter and in conjunction with that we will start rolling out two additional stores with Florida stores being first. Beyond that we'll update you next quarter the cadence of the other stores the stores we already did by the end of the quarter as well as the future stores.
Bill Nash: No I think you should think about a more holistically as part how much we spend in advertising on a per-unit basis. And if you look at year-over-year I would expect FY 2020 -- there maybe a little bit of an increase in the per unit advertising expense overall because we do want to support our omni-channel rollout. So I would expect a little on a per unit basis going forward.
Bill Nash: John, you do have those percentages right, the 72 versus the 76. And look the beauty of this business model as we can sell what the customers are looking for. And this quarter we saw consumers that were interested in a little bit older vehicle. I think part of that is because of the pricing. Keep in mind we're lapping if you look at year-over-year this fourth quarter versus last year's fourth quarter. We have the largest step up in mixed adjusted acquisition price its more than $500. If you look at the quarter this year, we still had a little bit of an incremental bump up on that one that we had last year. So prices are still expenses so I think what you're seeing is probably people just from affordability standpoint moving down. But you're obviously right we'll be able to secure vehicles and sell them if that's what consumers are looking for.
Bill Nash: Well, if we would -- if we continue to have older vehicles, our overall average selling price, you're absolutely right, would go down.
Bill Nash: No, I think. I mean, if I look at the new car, I think it's been a pretty, pretty flat year for overall new car sales. I think we've proven that in years where it goes up a little bit, years where it goes down a little bit, we've been able to have success on both sides of that. And as far as I can tell, consumer confidence is still very, is still very strong.
Bill Nash: Yes, Chris. Atlanta is one market and every single market is going to perform differently and the reason I say that is because we have experienced a lot of different markets and you just look at the core business each market performs a little differently, so I don't think you can extrapolate what we see in this market versus what we're going to see in other markets which is why I say, "Hey, remember this is this is only one market." And again, on the double-digit comp increase, we feel really good about that, we feel like it's a lift to bubble, we expected when we also compared to the control group. So we -- and it's not all due to omni, as I, said earlier is there's a lot of different elements playing into that.
Bill Nash: Yes, I think that you know the guys on the five-day was really to help clarify a little bit of what we are saying because we were saying high mid-single digit. We put a little range on there and I think we put the range on because it just somewhat depends on how much we get done and then also how much we can continue to offset through re-privatization and savings.
Bill Nash: Yes, it's -- I'm not going to give any guidance on how I think it's you know. We just have to wait and see, it's going to be distributed throughout the year, as I said, well, there is going to be some additional expense. They're going to be some in the second quarter; you're picking up some there. So I think you got to think about it on the whole year because there could be a little timing from one quarter to the, to the next quarter.
Bill Nash: Okay. First of all, Chris, thanks for getting back in line for the second question. Listen, on the omni, there's two big things that have to be accomplished. I mean, we've been setting the groundwork. As I said in my opening remarks from a technology standpoint, that kind of thing, but in addition to that, we have to get our customer experience centers open, because obviously, that's a critical part of the whole omni-channel experience. So that's one of the things that we have to continue to work through, we feel good about the plan, we feel very strong about our ability to get to what we've learned out there, which is by February next year having this offer to the majority of our customers. The other thing is that there is this, we've got 25,000 associates, and as Tom talked about earlier, they are the key differentiators for us. So this is going to be obviously a big change for them. They're excited about it. And they have been super helpful as in helping us figure this out, as we've rolled it out, what we have today is better than what we had, and when we first rolled out in Atlanta, and that will continue to improve as we go forward. But we have to make sure that they understand, there's a lot of change management and what does it mean for them and how it's going to impact them and give the ability, give them the ability to adjust for that change. So those are the big things in addition to a lot of the groundwork that we've been laying and just everybody is clear. This is an iterative process. This omni-channel experience is an experience that can be every customer that's out there, it's not meant for one segment versus another segment, it's -- we should be able to serve every single customer and give them an unbelievable experience. And that requires a lot of things that we already have. So for example, the importance of our store, I can't overstate how important is that we have a physical presence, and that we continue to have a physical presence, and increase that physical presence because as we go forward, so we're leveraging a lot of things that we that we already have.
Bill Nash: Yes. So the way I think about that is the same way I think about whether it's a timing and generally will, will work itself back out. And as I look at February, I think probably by our best estimate, there was about seven about a week that we didn't see a tax refund benefits, just because they were delayed and coming out really until the last part of the quarter.
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you. Listen, thank you all for joining the call today. I really appreciate your support and your interest in CarMax. I also got to thank our more than 25,000 associates. Tom has talked about this, I've talked about it, they are the true differentiator for CarMax. Our associates are the ones that are bringing this new customer experience to life. I want to thank you all for what you do every single day, and we will talk again at the end of next quarter. Thank you.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Given the comparisons on a tier basis to the Atlanta's comp performance outperform the rest of the surveys by a similar amount as it is on a one-year basis. Then I guess, thinking through that, is there any other reasons why investors shouldn't extrapolate Atlanta's comp trend to the rest of the store base given your intentions to roll it out to all stores this year? Thank you.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got you. Okay. And then just quickly, if you're able to -- well, I'll hop back and want to recap just real, I'll hop back in. Thanks.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hi, thanks for taking the question. So it's quick question, you -- can you may just walk us through what it takes to convert an omni-channel market, I think you're in three markets today. My guess is you'll probably plan to get to 100 to 200 markets over the year in February. Maybe you can just walk us through kind of like what it takes to actually take your legacy store model and convert it to omni-channel like what are the -- what are the technology steps, the training steps or whatever else it takes to convert the market, it would be helpful? Thank you.
