Enrique Mayor-Mora: Thanks, Bill and good morning, everyone. For the quarter, other gross profit increased $4.7 million or 5%. EPP profits grew by $4.6 million or 4.8% due primarily to favorable adjustments to cancellation reserves and profit sharing revenue recognized in the quarter. In the third quarter, we maintained our ESP penetration rate at 60% comparable with the prior year quarter. On the SG&A front, we continue to do an excellent job in maintaining cost discipline, while supporting the growth of our omnichannel experience and pursuing other investment opportunities. For the third quarter, expenses decreased 1.2% or approximately $6 million to $479 million. SG&A per unit was $2,461, a year-over-year leverage of $57 per unit on the quarter. The decrease in SG&A was driven by a $16 million decrease in stock-based compensation expense and a $15 million decrease in other overhead costs. The decrease in other overhead costs was due primarily to pandemic-related reductions and year-over-year favorability due to lower litigation expenses in the third quarter. These SG&A reductions were partially offset by the following notable SG&A expense drivers for the third quarter, a 13% increase in advertising expense, the opening of 11 stores since the beginning of the third quarter of last year, which represents a 5% growth in our store base, and continued spending to advance our technology platforms and strategic initiatives.  As we discussed in our last call, we are increasing our marketing spend in the second half of the year. For the third quarter, this spend included additional investments in SEM, content, and social as we look to drive customers to our digital properties. This spend on the quarter brings our year-to-date advertising expense to $144 million, up 2% or $3 million when compared with the same 9-month period last year. On a full-year basis for fiscal year 2021, we anticipate advertising spend will be up roughly $25 million when compared with the prior fiscal year. The vast majority of this increase will occur in the fourth quarter and will be driven by heavier broadcasting in support of the next evolution of our brand campaign. This campaign will focus on clearly differentiating our brand and demonstrating the benefits of our omnichannel experience. We will also continue spending on ROI-based digital investments. From a capital allocation perspective, our priority is to fund growth initiatives. We continue to be focused on aggressively investing in the digital capabilities required to enhance our omnichannel experience, the expansion of vehicle and customer acquisitions, and the strategic expansion of our store footprint. In the third quarter, we resumed construction activity on new stores that we had paused in the first quarter due to the pandemic. We are currently planning to open 8 to 10 new stores in FY ‘22. Our unique business model generates a significant amount of cash. So, while our priority remains on investing in our growth, this strength allows us to also return capital back to our shareholders. In the third quarter, we resumed our share buyback program repurchasing approximately 1.2 million shares for $109.2 million in the quarter. We have $1.4 million remaining – $1.4 billion remaining on the current authorization. Finally, we ended the quarter modestly below our historical leverage target of 35% to 45% adjusted debt to capital. As you can see, our diversified business model, operating excellence and strong cash generation positioned us extremely well as we manage through a dynamic environment. I will now turn the call over to Jon.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Sure. Yes. Thanks for your question, Rajat. Yes. So, really, the quarter – Q3 was fantastic for us from a losses perspective, no doubt. We saw $10 million of net losses, which really is much lower than our expectation going into the quarter. And I can break that down. A number of things worked in our favor there. First, I think we had excellent execution at CAF. You have the consumer who was very willing to and able to make payments. And obviously when the units are lower, then losses are going to be good in a quarter. We also had an inventory of charge-offs that hit us in previous quarters that we were able to liquidate within the quarter. So that was really a good guy that is probably not something we would expect on a go-forward basis. And obviously as we sold those vehicles in the – in our auctions, they performed very well as well from a wholesale recovery rate. So, a lot of things are working together to give us a really strong quarter that I would necessarily expect going forward. But that being said, with a strong quarter, our provision was $8 million and that really reflects the positivity that we saw in the quarter and we do believe there’s some benefit going forward. A realized – that $8 million provision inherent in there, we had $1.8 billion of originations also which included the restarting of the Tier 3 originations that we had a hiatus in over the summer, so a number of things that we feel relatively positive that drove our provision. That being said, when we look at our model and our economic adjustment factor all in and we set our reserve, there’s a lot of uncertainty as we see in the upcoming quarter and quarters ahead. So, we feel good about the reserve. I would tell you all-in in that reserve, there’s going to be the Tier 1, the Tier 3 and the recovery cost volume in there. We’re probably a little higher than what we would normally expect under normal times from our cumulative loss factor. But overall, we feel like there’s just uncertainty out there. The reserve is adequate, great quarter, but we’re cautious in what lies ahead.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Sure. Yes, a fair question. As I mentioned in my comments, really ultimately you’re going to see that penetration or the distribution across the tiers is going to be a function generally of two things, lender behavior and mix. In this quarter, it really was a mix thing. I don’t think there was much change amongst lenders certainly CAF as well. So, I think that’s really what drove it and so mix next quarter, hard to say. So we’ll see how it plays out.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Sure. Yes, Rick, right on with those numbers. Yes, 3.17% for the quarter, I think a couple of important things to point out with that number versus the 2% to 2.5% reported historically. And in that 3.17% is the Tier 3 business as well. We have historically said that’s roughly 1% of the receivables and accounts for 10% of the loss, whereas the 2% to 2.5% we referenced is generally in our Tier 1 business. So, you really want to net that out. Also, with the adoption of CECL in our reserve, we also have to put money in for the actual cost to recover, which again not contemplated in the 2% to 2.5%. So, when you net those items out, we are still probably a little above that range. But I think that’s reasonable given the environment we are in. Obviously, we expect to hopefully trend back to normal as things get back to normal. But right now, there is a level of uncertainty both and we would say that both with regard to our origination volume of the $1.8 billion and the existing portfolio. So, again, little higher than maybe our targeted range after you net those things out, but hopefully things go back to normal soon.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Sure. Yes, happy to give that. We said $1.8 billion of originations. $66 million of the reserve was attributed to that. Couple of things again to remember, based on the last question, just as a reminder, in there is Tier 3 volume. As a reminder, we had hiatus over the summer, but we added back and started that back up in September. So that’s going to be inherent in that $66 million and net recovery expense, but yes, $66 million on the $1.8 billion.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. Certainly, coming out of the – a couple of things. Coming out of the pandemic, we have a very strong and disciplined approach to cost management. There are some structural savings that we do expect coming out of the pandemic, specifically in corporate overhead, CEC efficiency, maybe to address some of your questions and also in vehicle reconditioning. Now that being said, what we are doing is that we are reinvesting those savings into our growth. Now as I mentioned earlier, it’s the right time for us to invest. We are going to continue to invest and grow our omni functionality, the acquisition of customers and vehicles and our new store growth. So, that’s how we are thinking about the savings is really we are a growth company and we are going to continue to invest, but we do expect to see some efficiencies in our CECs to answer your question specifically.
Bill Nash: Yes. So, Scot, as I said in the opening remarks, we saw continued good growth in the beginning of the quarter, and really up until a week or so before the elections really when we saw a decrease, a step down, and I think part of it was the election, but I also think that’s when we started seeing these tighter restrictions. I noted that we had more than 40 stores that are 25% or less. If I go back to June, we didn’t have that many stores, I think there was almost – it was about half of that, that actually had that type of restrictions. And of those, more than 40 that are at that 25% or less, most of those – the majority of those are at 20%. So, it’s hard to quantify exactly the restrictions versus the shelter-in-place, but we’ve absolutely see a step down in those markets. If you think about some of the larger markets that are under these restrictions, we have absolutely saw a step down once the restrictions went into effect.
Bill Nash: Yes. So, obviously – in the third quarter, we stepped up a little bit. The fourth quarter, we’re stepping up. We feel like we have a great opportunity in front of us. And so, it takes a little while to be able to build awareness. So, I would expect next year, there would be a step-up, but we’ll talk more about that at the end of the fourth quarter.
Bill Nash: Yes. Thank you for your question, Michael. Yes. So like I said, in Atlanta – Atlanta was the first market that we rolled this to, and we’ve been testing Atlanta as kind of the first market that we roll new things. In fact, we actually have a new user experience out there in that and some other markets right now that allows the customer to build the order – start building the order themselves. So, I think the Atlanta performance is indicative as these markets mature longer. Because if we look at other markets, we have about 70 stores and then the corresponding markets that those stores are in that have been open for at least a year. And we see performance from that group better than the rest of the company, which just shows that as it matures, they continue to ramp. And in fact, we have – some of those early waves are currently producing nice, strong comps. So, we’re encouraged by all that. I think, some of the things we’ve been doing in Atlanta and a few other markets we haven’t rolled out to other places, which is one of the reasons we want to extend some of the testing, which is the comments on the advertising and the pricing. On the second part of your question, the frictionless, yes, I mean, right now, a consumer can buy online from us. But as I mentioned, there’s parts of it where the customer experience consultant needs to get involved and work with the consumer, and we’ll make great strides. The focus right now is on self-serve, so we’ll make great strides in the next two quarters. And I think the majority of our customers will have that option to progress self-serve without the CEC [ph] if they choose to do that. And we think we’ll be in good shape in the second quarter, middle of next fiscal year.
Bill Nash: Sure, John. Look, I think there are a lot of factors going into the mix for the third quarter. I mean, obviously we talked about the COVID surge with the lockdowns and restrictions. We talked about the election. You bring up an interesting point. Higher used prices for the third quarter, keep in mind, a lot of the cars that are sold in the third quarter are bought earlier on in the month leading up into that. And you know from the earlier months that there was very steep appreciation. And so, what happened is, the other factor that I hadn’t really talked about in this quarter is, you have a tightening of the gap between late-model used and a new. So I think that’s also a factor in there. And then, I think the external – there is some external sources out there that would tell you that used car industry has gotten softer. And we’re seeing that. We’ve seen depreciation in the marketplace throughout the quarter. Now, value year-over-year is still above what it was a year ago, but we’re certainly seeing the depreciation kick in.
Bill Nash: Well, keep in mind, the wholesale, when you’re – we flip that wholesale inventory very quickly. And obviously our wholesale inventory is dramatically different. What we’re selling through our auctions is dramatically different than what we’re selling on a retail lot. But in the wholesale, you’re getting cars real-time and selling them real-time. On the retail side, we’ve got inventory that we’ve been working through that we bought earlier leading up into the quarter.
Bill Nash: No. The wholesale side, I mean, we chose to keep all of our sales virtual. There are actually some markets that we could have turned the physical sales back on. But just given the nature of bringing a bunch of folks into our store locations to keep our associates safe, we’ve decided for the quarter to keep everything virtual.
Bill Nash: Yes. So, we’re constantly – when I made the comments earlier, I was speaking more specifically to the GPU pricing or retail pricing. We’re constantly doing test on delivery to the consumers, and we’ll continue doing that as well. We have been doing that. And I would expect, as we go forward, we’re very analytic when it comes to doing things like this and whether it’s pricing, it’s advertising, whether it’s the transfer fees. We’re going to do combinations. We’re going to do them by themselves. There’s going to be a whole bunch of different things that we’re trying this quarter.
Bill Nash: I think we can pivot very quickly. First of all, we’re going to have the awareness campaign going on everywhere. And then we’re going to fit some of these markets with some additional marketing. Some of it may be awareness and maybe more acquisitions. So, I feel very confident that we can pivot quickly.
Bill Nash: Yes. Good morning, Seth. Thank you for your question. Yes, this is going to be in – the pricing test, we’ll be trying in several different markets. And I think the way you should think about it, if you look back historically for us on any given quarter, we probably – when you look at year-over-year GPU, we’ve probably been in a band somewhere in the – on a given quarter, $30 to $50 on year-over-year. That’s kind of the range. On full year, it’s probably a little bit tighter than that. And I would say, you would – my comments are saying, you should expect it outside of that normal range. And that will allow us to do some – you know that we always do testing throughout the quarter, but this will give us more flexibility to do some different things. So, again, we’re excited about some of the combinations of things. And we also know that not every market is going to respond the same way to different levers. So that’s what we’ll be checking.
Bill Nash: I think, Rajat, the other piece on cap that I would call out got a little bit overshadowed this quarter because the loan loss reserve adjustment is really just the underlying profitability of the CAF business. When you take a look at the net interest margin on the quarter and you consider that this is profitability that we’re going to continue to see over the life of the loans, that’s a considerable tailwind for us moving forward. Since we do not employ gain on sale for our financing, you’re going to continue to see that benefit for the life of the loan again. So, again, considerable benefit this quarter and moving forward just from the profitability of our CAF business.
Bill Nash: Yes. So, if I look at year-over-year, certainly last year, third quarter and fourth quarter were both strong quarters and it built kind of throughout the quarter. So I think it’s a combination of – the comparisons got a little tougher, but then you also have a lot of these other external factors that are weighing in.
Bill Nash: Sure, Adam. Yes. So on products like the finance, the MaxCare, when you look at alternative delivery, finance is pretty consistent to the in-store experience. I think, on the MaxCare, there’s – it’s very similar on the – one of alternative deliveries like an express pickup or a curbside, that’s fairly consistent with what the store process is. It’s down a little bit on the home delivery, but that’s an area that I think that we can usually continue to focus on and move the needle. As far as GPU goes, the way we manage our business, the GPU isn’t different on a vehicle that’s delivered to someone’s home or alternative delivery if it’s done at the store, curbside or express pickup as it is on our lot. So I don’t see a difference in that.
Bill Nash: Sure. Yes, thanks for the question, Rick. So, as mentioned before with kind of the penetration across Tier 1, Tier 2, Tier 3, mix was a big play there. Similarly within CAF, really there wasn’t an increase in interest rates for those people coming through the door it’s really the mix of those coming through the door. So it was a higher interest rate customer coming through as opposed to a rate change. With regard to what rates should CAF setting can we run at a lower interest rate environment, obviously given the overall interest rates, I think we have always said really, we keep a very close eye on the market, its CAF’s job to provide a very competitive offer out there as a sole Tier 1 lender and we always do that. We will keep an eye on key metrics like 3-day payoffs and obviously what we see out there from competitors in the marketplace and we feel like right now, we are in a very good position, but yes, there wasn’t not a rate increase driving that, purely a mix thing.
Bill Nash: Yes. So, Chris, I mean, if you have noticed the last few calls, we have been continuing to have strong buy rates. And I really do think it’s a testament to our buyers, the professional buyers, its algorithms, some of the technology we are using. So I think we are just getting sharper on being able to respond quicker to market dynamics. I noted in some of the remarks earlier, we saw depreciation throughout the quarter. And depreciation generally is a headwind for buy rate. And so, while the buy rate came down a little bit from quarter-over-quarter, we are still real pleased with where we are. It also tells us that the consumers like the offer that we are providing. So I think it’s a combination of factors. And I think our auctions are – given the attendance of the sales, I think they are commanding strong values, which helps as well.
Bill Nash: Yes. David, I think the CECs is just one place that we can continue to get efficiency. I think there is still some store efficiencies with reconditioning and procurement. I think we are even – I think we have got some efficiencies just from a corporate overhead and on facilities that kind of thing, where we have got some improvements we are making in logistics. So, I think there is a lot of efficiencies. I think to Enrique’s point, we want to continue to invest in the business. So as we are picking up efficiencies, we want to continue to move the business forward. So, hopefully that provides you little bit more color.
Bill Nash: Yes. So, Chris, the step up is primarily awareness or brand building. And as I said earlier, it’s going to be kind of a multimedia campaign, a lot of different components to it. It really is about educating the consumer on our new capabilities and how we have a differentiated experience. And when you do awareness advertising, yes, you will get some benefit from it, but it’s really geared towards changing the consumers’ awareness, which happens over time. So, it doesn’t happen the minute that you turn it on. And so, as I look forward, beyond the fourth quarter and we will certainly have more details after the fourth quarter, as I said earlier, I would – I think it’s safe to say that we will continue to have a step up in advertising year-over-year, because again, awareness just doesn’t happen overnight nor does it just sustain itself without some reinforcement.
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you. As always, I want to thank you for joining the call today. I want to thank you for your questions and your support. Our future success continues to be focused on providing an exceptional experience and that’s not only for our customers, but also for our associates. We are going to remain committed to our purpose and our values and we will continue to grow and create value for our shareholders. I want to thank all of our associates for everything that you do on a daily basis, taking care of each other, taking care of our customers. You are the reason that we offer the most compelling customer-centric experience within the industry. I wish all the associates and I wish all of you all a happy holiday and we will talk again next quarter. Thank you.
Jon Daniels: I think I’d just add that now really is the right opportunity and it’s the right time for us to invest through the increase in marketing, through testing lower pricing. We’ve rolled out our omni platform. We continue to enhance the capabilities of omni. So we believe now is the right time to do that. And we’re excited, as Bill said, about our opportunities moving forward to grow the brand and to grow our market share.
Jon Daniels: Yes. And I think, Rajat, if CAF hadn’t picked them up, they would have been picked up by somebody else to your part – on your question on same-store sales.
Jon Daniels: Yes. No, Craig, I think you’re thinking about it the way that we’re thinking about it. We have two customer sets. We have our retail customers and our wholesale customers. Both of them are equally important. And we talk a lot about providing an omni-channel experience for our retail customers. But our wholesale is also an area that I’ve talked about in the past as one of our strategic initiatives continue to invest. And we want the experience for our wholesale customers to match up with what the wholesale customers want. So just like with the retail customers, there’s different needs. Some dealers like coming to physical sales, some like doing a combination, some like just the virtual. And we put ourselves in a position now that we’ll be able to accommodate all of that. So when we turn physical sales back on, there’ll actually be simulcast. And you can come in person or you can bid virtually. And we think that this is – this will be great. As we move the business forward, it allows more dealers to be able to attend ourselves without physically having to be there. And we think more dealers attending, more dealers buying, that’s a good thing. It will drive up prices and it allows us to put more on vehicles. So, you’re thinking about the same way, we’re trying to put together the best experience for both customer sets.
Jon Daniels: Yes. I think the same, the question earlier, Rick, that those – if we hadn’t picked up this customer, somebody else would have picked them up as far as the impact on same-store sales.
Jon Daniels: This is – it’s kind of evolved just off the learnings that we have been discovering. And it’s one of those things that we feel like now is the right opportunity and the right time and based off some of the results we have seen in some of the other tests that we are doing. So I think it’s really kind of an evolution on what we have been testing and it’s a continuation of that.
