Thomas J. Folliard: Thank you. Also during the quarter, we opened up our North Attleborough store, which is our first store in Massachusetts and first in the Providence, Rhode Island market. We expect to open our Chattanooga, Tennessee store in the fourth quarter. In addition to the 6 stores we previously announced that will open in the first half of our next fiscal year, we also reported our planned openings for the third quarter. These include 3 stores in new CarMax markets; one in Des Moines, Iowa and 2 in Denver, Colorado. We plan to open 10 stores in fiscal 2013 and we are pleased to announce our future plans to open between 10 and 15 stores in each of the following 3 fiscal years.  And with that, we'll open it up for questions.
Thomas J. Folliard: We don't necessarily have a rule of thumb. And what we've always believed, and still do, is that directionally, we'll move with SAAR. And if SAAR continues to go up, we think that's good for our business. We think it's good for sales. The benefit you have seen from the increase in SAAR is the amount of cars we're buying through our appraisal lane, which is part of the activity that goes along with new car sales. And you've seen it in our wholesale numbers and you've seen it in our self-sufficiency number, which is the percent of cars that we sell at retail that we bought through the appraisal lane. So again, we're not concerned for a little bit of these short-term, I would call them disconnects with SAAR because we still believe that over time, we're going to move along with SAAR.
Thomas J. Folliard: We still haven't seen much, John. With 107 stores now in 50 markets, it's easier for us to run tests on a pretty continuous basis. We're pretty pleased with our ability to manage our margin consistently through all kinds of different volatility in the marketplace. Our last 12 quarters have been between $2,000 and $2,200 roughly, a pretty tight band of managing margin despite all kinds of volatility in lots of different areas so we're pretty pleased with our ability to do that, and we'll always be running cash for pricing around elasticity to see if we can drive incremental sales. So it's always -- if you ask me, if we ran at $2,000, would we have sold more cars? Probably. But it's very difficult to ascertain and when we do run the tests, it doesn't -- the elasticity is not there like it used to be.
Thomas J. Folliard: It would probably ratable growth with all the things that go along with that. So we opened up 3 stores a year ago, 5 this year. We've said 8 to 10 next year, 10 to 15 the year after. So when you ramp up like that, not -- we don't have to do anything for 3 years out other than really look for real estate and prepare for those kind of things. We don't have to start adding overhead. We don't have to change our advertising model. So I think some of the SG&A that you'd expect to go with growth is going to come over time.
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, I think leverage, if we're going to ramp at the speed that we expect to ramp, leverage is going to depend on comps. And with very low -- if we run low comps, which we, of course, hope to do better than that, then I wouldn't expect much leverage. But at the same time, I still think it's the right decision long term. If we run bigger comps, then I think we can both grow the business and get some leverage.
Thomas J. Folliard: I don't know that we could really rank them. It's -- we really just talked about the tough economy as a whole and consumer confidence, so I don't know that we could rank to come up with why we ended up at negative 3. And remember we had a really tough comparison as well.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. It -- obviously it didn't matter this quarter. And in terms of our ability to get margin, if it's an older car and it's in great shape and we bring it up to our high-quality standard, which we do on all of our cars and have not lowered our standards one bit, our ability to get margin on those cars is just as strong as it is on any other segment of inventory. So where -- if the consumer wants to buy an older car, we're happy to sell it. And in terms of its impact on margin, it doesn't really have much.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, it's -- we're going to build whatever we need to do the production that's required for the stores that we build. And I know that sounds a little simplistic, but it's not necessarily the mix of production and non-production stores. If we went to a bigger market and found we could build one giant production store and have 3 satellites, that would be fine with us. If we needed to build because of real estate availability, if we had 2 production stores and 2 satellites, that would be fine with us too. So we're going to build whatever is necessary based on the markets that we're going in and make sure we have the right number of acreage and production to support our sales. And the mix of markets will be, as we've said before and still believe, right now about half new markets about half filling out the existing markets.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. I'd say it's just more of a reflection of where we came from. So -- and within the $50 or $60 that's -- it's a bit of -- we can't target it that closely. We're shooting for a range and we come within the range, if we're up a few bucks or down a few bucks, that's not anything to look into. And on the second question, in terms of older stuff, we've always bought a lot of this stuff through the appraisal lane and we've sold a good portion of it. So even last year, it was -- 15% of our sales were over 5 years old and the second quarter was 24% of our sales. And the answer is some of those cars come from cars that would've gone to wholesale that we just decided that either there wasn't enough demand for them but we were still buying them and making the decision to wholesale them, or the -- we weren't sure about whether or not we could recondition them up to our standards. So over the last couple of quarters, we've just moved more of those cars over and taking chances, and seen, can we get it through the shop? Can get up to our standard? And that's allowed us to source more cars through the appraisal lane. And then we've gotten better and more effective at buying those cars off-site. Just as a rule over the past several years, we just don't buy a lot of those cars off-site. And as our systems have continued to improve and as our direction we give to our buyers has continued to improve, we've done a much better job of sourcing those cars off-site as well.
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, that's a little far out. My guess is that whatever we're working on, it'll be different by 2016, and I think we've been able to be fairly nimble with making adjustments to our building and what it looks like and the amount of acreage that's required to build our stores. And I expect to be a much more efficient company in 2016 than we are today. In terms of giving you the specifics of how that would shake out, I don't really know. We've talked about our next-generation store, which is going to be in Chattanooga in February, but I expect that the stores after that will also be adjusted accordingly as we learn more and more from not only that store, but all these other adjustment that we're making on our existing stores.
Thomas J. Folliard: We put a range out there and it's fairly flexible, but we do contemplate some smaller stores in that mix. And the exact number, we don't know yet.
Thomas J. Folliard: We haven't talked about the performance of our new stores yet, and they really haven't been open that long. So we'll update on that when we get a little more time behind us.
Thomas J. Folliard: We haven't changed our assumptions on the ramp. The starting point is something that is difficult to figure out when we had such a big drop during the recession. And as you saw, we're still not back to where we were before. So the starting point's a little more difficult to figure out. But in terms of store growth over time, we haven't changed our assumptions there. But what changed is our profitability per car sold, so in terms of making the same return we expected before, we can do it at a lower sales volume than we used to.
Thomas J. Folliard: We have enough experience with our growth from before that we try to balance it. It's just easier on the organization to have it balanced. It's easier for staffing. It's easier for planning to balance it throughout the year. So yes, it's our goal to have it as balanced as possible.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, we have seen -- if you look at some of the external data, you've seen some moderation in pricing but -- and even with our move towards older cars, which are lower retail price, our average retail for the quarter was still off compared to last year's third quarter. So I think the SAAR has got a long way to go before we start to see some real movement down on pricing due to supply. We're still in a supply constrained environment. If you look at the last, I guess, it's 4 or 5 years and you compare the SAAR, the actual SAAR to what the average SAAR was for several years prior to that, there's about 20 million cars missing from the supply chain. And until we get some movement, and it's a few years’ worth, I'm not sure that we're going to see any dramatic change.
Thomas J. Folliard: So for the quarter, that number was up over 60%. It might be an all-time high for the company. We hit 50% in the second quarter and that was the first time we had hit 50% since pre-recession times. So some of it is, to be honest, we sold less cars than we thought we would sell. We certainly didn't plan for a negative 3 nor did we plan for a negative 2 in the second quarter, and so self-sufficiency has helped a little bit by that. And then the movement in the SAAR does help our appraisal volume. And as we have talked about over several quarters, we've had a disconnect in our appraisal volume increase compared to the -- compared to our retail sales. Remember our wholesale volume, which is just one piece of appraisal volume, was up 23% in the second quarter, 32% in the first quarter despite sales being up in the first quarter 6 and down in the second quarter 2, and even in this quarter, up 13 compared to a negative 3. So some of it is just this unique dynamic of higher appraisal volumes than what we're getting through the -- through our higher appraisal volumes compared to what we're selling.
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, we've always said those cars are more profitable than what we buy off-site, and they are. But what we've -- what we're pretty good at is managing margins on the different segments to try to maximize and optimize our sales. So you've seen our margin, as I mentioned earlier for the last 12 quarters at a pretty consistent band, our self-sufficiency during that time has been as low as 30 and as high as over 60. So I feel really good about our ability to manage margin. If we have a segment that's more profitable, we might use those extra dollars to reduce prices on other cars to try and optimize and maximize our sales. So margin for us is not just what you see in the reported number across. It's a pretty complex process of managing by segment, managing by source, managing by year, mileage, band and trying to figure out what's the best way to sell the most cars possible. So I wouldn't look at it and say wow, if self-sufficiency goes way up or way down, we expect to see big swings in margin per car because we have seen it go way up and way down and we've been able to deliver a margin in a pretty consistent range.
Thomas J. Folliard: I think you should take it as, if things don't get any worse and we can continue to manage our business the way we have in terms of efficiencies and margins, then that's our growth plan. If things got worse, we would cut back. And if things got better, I feel like we put out a range that would cover that. So I wouldn't look at it as optimism or as anything other than right now, those are our plans, and if things don't change for us, we think we can deliver on those plans. We're very excited about it. But in terms of making any outlook on the economy going forward, we're not in a position to do that.
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, we'll talk about market share at the end of the year, as we have said in the past. And when we look at market share we use internal data sources that we buy throughout the year in the markets that we operate in. CNW has not been as reliable a source for us to determine whether or not the market's growing or shrinking. So we don't really look at it. But at the end of year, we'll let you know how it looks from our internal data.
Thomas J. Folliard: You remember last year that it did go down a little bit, but the 2 years prior, it didn't go down at all. I'm -- we're not really sure what normal is anymore, because 5 years prior to that, it went down pretty much every second to third quarter. Last year, when it went down a little bit, we attributed it to a more normal depreciation schedule throughout the year. And this year has been, I'd say, somewhat normal in terms of depreciation. So there's a lot of factors that go into it, and a lot of things you mentioned are part of it, including self-sufficiency that helps margin a little bit obviously. So I just wouldn't read into it too much. It's not a big enough movement for anybody to get concerned about, at least not on our side.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. The SG&A in the quarter is driven by a combination of things. But as you said, although selling expenses would've been down a little bit, we did increase our commission for our sales consultants during the year, which offset the decline in sales. And in terms of the rest of SG&A, it's around building for growth and investing in our future.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. As we've said in the past, wholesale has outpaced retail growth and it moderated some in the quarter. It's really difficult to figure out what our share is of that. It's -- when you get into that older stuff, the market is gigantic and we're a tiny, tiny player in it. We are the third largest auction chain now in the U.S. but all of our auction volume comes in the caliber of car that doesn't meet our retail standard, and it's only cars that we source through the appraisal lane. So it's not like we're out there trying to buy those cars and then sell them in the auction. We sell whatever we get through the appraisal lane that doesn't meet our standard. I'm not sure how we could predict what that wholesale volume will look like going forward.
Thomas J. Folliard: So we talked about buy rate being the 29%, and I think that was slightly off of last year, which was around 30%. And appraisal volume was up some year-over-year but not up as much as it has been in the second quarter and the first quarter of this year. So it goes right along with that number. If our -- you look at our wholesale volume of -- our wholesale increases this year, 32%, 23% and 13%. Appraisal volumes in terms of a comparison to last year moves pretty much like that.
Thomas J. Folliard: No, I think we have a demand-driven issue. If customers came in and wanted to buy more of those cars, we would go buy more of those cars. Despite the fact that there's less of those cars available, there's still a huge number of those cars out there. We're a tiny, tiny percentage of late-model used cars in the U.S. We move our inventory along with demand. It's not like we don't sell those cars. We actually sell probably more of those cars than anybody else. And if that segment of inventory was turning faster, we would go out and buy more of those cars. But I think some people get a little wrapped up when we talk about supply constraint; it absolutely is a supply-constrained environment, but there are tons of cars out there.
Thomas J. Folliard: No, I think it does impact our business. I think that's why our sales are -- dropped by 1/4 during the recession and have yet to fully recover. But I do think it's connected. You can't really say it's just if there was more supply, I don't know that, that's going to make a consumer decide to come out and spend $20,000 per car and sign a loan for 6 or 7 years. I still think there's enough uncertainty in the economy that we're just not seeing the demand that we saw pre-recession. I mean, if we would see higher volumes in our stores, we'd see higher traffic on our website and we would respond to that.
Thomas J. Folliard: I think it's hard to figure out, but it would be hard for me to imagine that it hasn't because pricing for similar cars today compared to, for example, the fall of '08, we're largely selling about the same stuff, but it has a $3,000 higher average retail than it did in the fall of '08. And I got to think that has some impact on people's decision-making. So that's just another impact on the lack of supply.
Thomas J. Folliard: We haven't seen much elasticity because we don't see a lot of elasticity when we move our prices by a couple hundred bucks when you're talking about $19,000. So it's different than if...
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, I mean, we turn about a $3,000 move in average resell and if we lower our prices by $200, I don't think -- we haven't seen that to make much of a difference.
Thomas J. Folliard: But in terms of that fee being offset, even though it may not be more than offset in the quarter, it's way more than offset over the life of the deal.
Thomas J. Folliard: That 10 to 15 is a range that we're comfortable with and we think covers our ability to fluctuate based on how well the economy is going. I mean, that's largely going be the driver to move within that band. Right now, in terms of real estate availability, in terms of our ability to ramp up our staffing and ramp up all the things necessary to deliver, we feel comfortable that we can deliver within that range.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. We don't -- we're not really giving guidance going forward, and we're just going to do the best we can with the volume that we get. But as I said earlier, I don't think our share in average car 10 years old, average miles, over 100,000. Our share is actually very, very small in that segment of what's sold annually in the U.S. And I don't know how it's measured or how it could be measured of whether or not we're taking share from other auctions since we're not trying to get dealers to bring -- we don't get any dealers to bring any cars to our auction. It's only what we buy through the appraisal lane. So the movement, I think as I said earlier, if SAAR moves considerably, we would expect our appraisal volumes to move as well.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, it's very difficult to break out and probably, there's enough detail that you might want to call us after, because I'm not really sure we can give you all of those answers right there.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. So sales were down 3, traffic was up slightly and conversion was down slightly on a gross basis. But I think we talked a little bit about this last quarter. We have had this unique dynamic of much higher appraisal-only volume and we really haven't separated that out and talked about it. But if you were to take that out, then obviously the traffic number, the customers who are there to buy traffic number would go down some and conversion would have increased a little bit. But from the way we have historically talked about it, traffic was up slightly in the quarter and conversion was down slightly.
Thomas J. Folliard: It's very difficult to quantify but -- and we have not -- I know I haven't looked at this since the first quarter. But at the end of the first quarter, when we looked back to the low point of our average retail, which is what it was down around $16,000 in the fall of '08 and we looked at new car pricing at that same time, our average retails have gone up $3,000 and the average price of a new car had gone up $4,000 over that same time period. So that was just 5 or 6 months ago the last time we looked at that. So no, I couldn't give you an answer there. But the spread is still pretty high between the price of a light used car and the same new car. Particularly if the car is 3 years old, our average car is little over 3 years old, little over 35,000 miles.
Thomas J. Folliard: No. It depends on its proximity to another store. For example, North Attleborough is a satellite store and we're doing the production out of Hartford. We obviously expect to have production stores in that area, but as of now, we don't. So it depends how isolated the store is. If a store is very isolated, it almost -- like you said, it almost needs to be a production store but just because it's a new market doesn't mean it has to be a production store.
Thomas J. Folliard: Okay. With that, thank you very much for joining us. I want to once again thank all of our associates for all they do every day and wish everybody happy holidays. We'll talk to you next quarter, thanks.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, Matt. As we mentioned in the call, we're retaining a greater portion of the loans and greater retention of the portfolio overall. Those loans that we taken back from the third parties are at the bottom end of the credit spectrum of what we've become accustomed to approving and living with. So as we ramp up and are increasing the proportion of those loans in the portfolio, remember it's going to take a couple years to kind of normalize and get to the point where the proportion of those loans in the overall portfolio is equal to the proportion that we're originating today. You -- it wouldn't be unexpected for us to see that loss provision going up over time as we normalize there. That's assuming all else is equal, loss experience. So the greatest part of the increase in the provision is due to expansion in volume and in credit quality of what we're doing.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, Matt. We look at the provision every quarter and we take a forward-looking view on losses based on what we're adding to the portfolio and what experience we're having with the loans that are already in the existing portfolio. So yes. And as I mentioned, as we -- as this lower credit stuff begins to ramp up and become a greater portion of the portfolio, I wouldn't be surprised to see loan losses going up until it normalizes.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes. Obviously, we intend to price for that and collect more interest income or interest in fees as a result and make more money than we would by giving it to third parties.
Thomas W. Reedy: I think you answered the question yourself. At any given -- on any given sale, we're happy to have that transaction, because the one thing we know is that customer is not going to be a CarMax customer any other way, they’ve not been approved by either CarMax Auto Finance or one of our Tier 2 lenders, so it's an incremental customer to us. That number moves seasonally. We usually see it go up during tax season. But as far as what the -- we don't have a specific target or goal for that mix, and it's something we can think about long term. But as I said, on any given day, you want to take every one you can get.
Thomas W. Reedy: Well, remember a couple things. One is that actually, if you adjust for the fact that we hedge those deals, the spread between APR and our coupon on those bonds is very similar deal to deal. And APRs I think if you look at over the last 4 public deals, have hung in there at right about 9% or just a little bit under. So I don't think we'll be seeing a disconnect in this particular transaction, but it's obviously something you can keep an eye on going forward.
Thomas W. Reedy: Right. If you look at the decision overall and what's going on throughout the year, we believe it is essentially neutral in the quarter, maybe moderately accretive. But for the year, we think it'll be a little bit accretive, nothing material.
Thomas W. Reedy: I think the way -- with regard to the shortfall in service, the way we account for service contemplates costs associated with reconditioning and some -- and fixed overhead in there, and we try to apply it on a per car basis. So when we see a shortfall in units, you're going to see a deleveraging in the service department and an impact on what we report as profit. But I mean, over time, meaning over several years, yes, we absolutely try to predict that correctly. But we're not always going right. In fact, we're rarely going to be right off the bat.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, absolutely. From the perspective of lower finance fees, it's twofold. One is that CAF is taking more volume and that reduces third-party fees. And also, as you saw, there's a step-up in subprime penetration from our third-party buyers. And if you remember, we pay them a discount on every loan. So the combination of those 2 things drove the decrease in third-party finance.
Thomas W. Reedy: I can give you the beginning of kind of Q2 to -- Q2 last year to Q2 this year. It’s trended down slightly. It was slightly over 100 in – I mean 700 in fiscal '10, and now kind in the upper middle 600s.
Thomas W. Reedy: If you look over time back in 2005, 2006 timeframe, we averaged about 675, 680 for the entire portfolio. In recent years, we've had a higher FICO because we've deliberately dialed back on the lower credit and farmed that off to some of our partners. And now we're moving back into a similar range than we've been in the past. We're not quite back there yet but...
Thomas W. Reedy: The loss reserve’s going to reflect whatever is going on in the current environment based on what we're putting into the portfolio. Our expectation in loss for that and what we originate, I mean, and what we experienced with the existing loans in the portfolio. And we have to look at that every quarter on a forward-looking basis. So I can't make any comment about what it'll look like vis-á-vis 2 years ago, 3 years ago.
Thomas W. Reedy: Just to give a little history on this again. We historically have approved a range of credit through CarMax Auto Finance. And during the recession and during the financial crisis, when funding got very difficult in the ABS market, we elected to dial back a little bit on the credit we were approving and farmed that off to some of our third-party lending partners. That decision was not because we were uncomfortable with the credit risk associated with those loans. It was because -- it was purely based on our view on our ability to finance those loans efficiently. So as we've seen the ABS market recover, as we've gotten more confident in our ability to fund, it makes perfect sense for us to get back into that business that we've done all along and start taking that volume back from the partners. So it's not really a byproduct of what's coming in the door or what we're selling, just a -- rather a byproduct of what we're comfortable buying and our ability to fund it.
