Tom Folliard: Thank you. SG&A for the fiscal year increased 12%, to $1.2 billion on a per unit basis, that’s a decline of $102 a car, to $2,161 compared to $2,263 in fiscal ’13 driven by our 12% CAFs. As you know SG&A expenses are largely fixed variable expenses represent approximately 25% to 30% of our cost structure. During the fourth quarter we opened five stores including our entry into the Philadelphia market with two stores, we also added one in each of our existing markets in St. Louis, Washington and Baltimore and Sacramento. After the fourth quarter ended, we opened stores in two new markets, Dothan, Alabama and Rochester, New York. Including these two stores we currently plans to open 13 stores in fiscal 2015 including the opening of our first store in the Cleveland market which is notable since it is Katharine’s home town.
Tom Folliard: While our store traffic has increased modestly during fiscal ’14 our web traffic continues to expand significantly. For the year, average monthly web visits grew to 12 million, up 32% compared to fiscal ’13, and by the end of the year average monthly visits had grown to over 13 million a month with visits to our mobile site representing approximately 30% of that and our mobile app traffic is about 12% of the total. And lastly we are pleased that after the end of the year CarMax’s board of directors authorized an additional $1 billion expansion to our share repurchase program. And with that we will be happy to take your questions.
Tom Folliard: Yes, I am sure there was impact in the quarter. We don’t do a store days lost Matt, but you know in my memory we had it one day where we had 30 stores closed. We had days when we had the entire Dallas market closed which I don’t really remember that happening. Historically we have always felt like we get those sales back and they might shift from quarter to quarter. So it is very difficult for us to attribute a sales loss or gain to a quarter because of weather. But it was obviously pretty significant as I said, with the number of closed stores; it also has an impact on our ability to produce cars. So it is a combination of traffic for sales and the shops being shut down and not being able to get inventory out front, I think the stores have done a fantastic job of working through some very challenging circumstances during the quarter to put us in a good position going forward, but there is no question it had an impact, I just can’t really quantify.
Tom Folliard: Hey Matt, from an ESP standpoint, there is not a dramatic difference in our penetration between subprime and other sources funded through our channel, meaning CAF or other partners. We do see a difference, we don’t see as attachment of the ESP product, if customer does not finance internally with CAF or with one of our partners. But to the point, on the reserve through, I mean, the increase in the subprime customers as the percent of sales, if you could step back and think about, as subprime has got a higher default rate. The biggest reason we see a return to ESP is because of the customer exiting the car that could be because they bought another car that could be because they’ve got repossessed or something else going on for financing. So as there has been a higher percentage of subprime in the business the ESP returns have evolved this much. As far as the attach 30 ESP in our penetration there is not a significant difference between subprime and another channel within CarMax.
Tom Folliard: Well, certainly not CarMax topping it out, and what we talked about it at the end of the third quarter was a slight pullback we saw from our subprime providers and as Tom mentioned in his opening remarks we saw subprime as a percent of sales grow by a few points at each of the first three quarters so we continue to see some of the behaviors that we’ve seen out of our partners in terms of getting more aggressive with the origination channel that CarMax provides. And at the end of the third quarter, we mainly noted that we saw that pullback some we didn’t assign a magnitude to it because we weren’t so sure and as it has come out in the fourth quarter, this is still a very strong quarter for us, it’s a big percentage mix of our sales at 17% it’s flat year-over-year. So we can’t control what our subprime providers do or any of our lenders for that matter they have all their own models. They see these loan applications after they’ve been declined by everybody else. They’re terrific partners they’ve been a great add to our business and they allow us to offer credit terms to a full suite of credit profile that enter our store each and every day. So that’s how it came out for the quarter, how they’ll move going forward, it’s very difficult to say but all we were talking about at the end of the third quarter was we didn’t expect to see continued expansion as it relates to the percent of sales.
Tom Folliard: But it’s merely part of the calculation, clearly part of the calculation we would so many things go as we would hope we’d expect to make money on the financing independent of that 1,000, so the answer is yes it would be (multiple speakers)
Tom Folliard: We are not restating it, Matt, but there is a program we have that’s a lead generation program that has become a more significant part of the business. So, as it got to the point where it mattered in the number, we started adding it in and really back just to make sure that things are consistent year-over-year.
Tom Folliard: That’s a good question Sharon and it is still a little bit early. We only have, we have three of those stores opened now that we opened Dothan, Alabama and we have not yet rolled anything back into the existing stores. But I do think there will be opportunities there particularly around labor sharing and the ability to cross-train people to do multiple things in the store as oppose to in our higher volume stores if you are a buyer or you are in the business office or you are in sales, you can stay busy doing that one thing whereas in one of these smaller stores you really have to be able to do multiple things and that’s true for both commission associates and hourly associates. So, I think some of those learnings, we will absolutely be able to go back into the bigger stores. We haven’t had a chance to do that yet nor have we had enough time to read the results. But so far we have the three stores open and some of the things that we have to do in that store like leverage inventory on a grander scale, have more rapid transfers to make sure customers have access to more inventory than just a 100 cars representing that store that stuff is all working very smoothly so far. But we don’t have much else to report in terms of results.
Tom Folliard: I would say no. We can’t get across the spectrum of our lending with our partners we are always testing but where do we test is we look and see if the lender brings incremental values to the table meaning that they are proving things others don’t and to the extent partners either fits in Tier 2 or the Tier 3 space, if do that, we will consider. But we are very happy with our relationships. One nice thing about CarMax and our growth plan is we believe there is room for us to potentially participate in that space and for our partners to continue to grow their business as well that’s the benefit of building stores every year and taking market share. And in terms of a pull back, Seth, it really as you see in the fourth quarter, just came out flat, it’s not a pull back, it’s a pull back on the growth rate. But in terms of, again being able to provide great offers to a whole suite of credit customers in our stores, it came through again in the fourth quarter to work really well.
Tom Folliard: As you know Seth, we don’t provide any forward-looking guidance but again we can’t control at our models.
Tom Folliard: Well we also mentioned our actual market share is approximately 5% of 0 to 10 year old cars sold. I am not sure of the number; 21 million Katharine says the number of cars in that cohort. So, I mean it’s a really great share gain. We have the best comps we have had since 2002 and I don’t have the numbers right in front me but it’s as good a share gain as I can remember over the last several years. Value of the used car market is still, it’s not like it’s growing rapidly, so it’s still either flat or slightly down depending on whose estimate you look at. So, we are really pleased with our ability to continue to grow share.
Tom Folliard: We have talked about 10% to 15% depending on the age of the store and every market is little bit different and some markets aren’t fully stored but we think 10% to 15% is a reasonable number over a long period of time.
Tom Folliard: No anything that you’re seeing on the CAF side is going to be mostly a byproduct of what’s coming through the door. I mean as we mentioned before we’re continually testing on pricing and different pockets of credit that we can look at. But from a big picture perspective we have not changed our approach and there is nothing to read into that.
Tom Folliard: I think you’re referring to us restarting our store growth plan which we’re in full swing now and as we mentioned we opened 13 stores this year we plan to open another 10 to 15 for the next three also. But that’s been a steady build up. So that’s a cost pressure we’ve had to overcome. As you saw in our results if we can deliver comps at this level, we’re going to provide some pretty good leverage on a per unit basis over time. And we also pointed out this time that about 25% to 30% of our total SG&A cost is variable and that number is going to flex up and down with sales. But as we’ve always said we’re still in a growth mode, we’re not growing significantly more next year than we did this year but there is still quite a bit of cost around growth, there is quite a bit of cost around fringes and some changes in kind of some of the fixed cost base. And we continue to make investments in our business. So again I feel like as long as we can deliver solid comps we’ll be able to leverage SG&A pretty well.
Tom Folliard: Yeah, we have talked about this in the past and we’ve done as you can look at our numbers over the last several years as our mix has moved and changed, we’ve done a pretty decent job of managing margin around that. So we’re not thinking that a mix shift is going to impact our ability to manage margins. But we really haven’t seen much in the way of mix shift over the last couple of years. In terms of mix of age our zero to four mix remains approximately 70% of our total sales and our five to 10 year mix is around 30%. As you remember a few years ago we talked about that number of five to 10 year old cars having doubled, coming out of the recession from 15% to around 30%. But that number has been pretty stable for the last couple of years. And we really didn’t see much in terms of a mix shift in sport utilities or compacts or anything of that nature. So last couple of years it’s been relatively stable in terms of mix.
Tom Folliard: We have been anticipating with the increase in SAAR that we would see our mix of zero to four year old cars increase; it just didn’t happen over the last couple of years. So do we expect going forward at some point? Yes, but we’ve also seen a slowdown in the SAAR growth, I think it ended a little over 16 million at the end of last month and I think only like a 2% growth. But that’s really the driver of supply obviously. So the other factor is going to be consumer behavior and how quickly do they trade out cars and that’s just something we really can’t predict. But over time we would expect our mix to start to move a little bit more in that direction as the supply comes back.
Tom Folliard: Well that is -- what we’re talking about is retail not wholesale. So I am not really sure of your question.
Tom Folliard: Based on retail cars sold, when we look at our wholesale business of whatever north of 300,000 units sold, those are all not included in the transaction -- I’m sorry, included in the share calculation. The share calculation is only of cars retail. And we have talked about this data set in the past. It’s a difficult data set to get your arms around. Approximately a third of all cars resale are sold from person to person. That number has been pretty stable over the last several years. And this is our best estimate. It’s the way we have been doing it for years and it’s our best estimate. Share and - I am not sure it’s exactly precise but I am sure that we’ve gained share pretty significantly and had a level that - as good as we’ve seen in several years.
Tom Folliard: We never really correlated share gains with changes in supplies that relates to leases. Having been here for 20 years and seeing lease percentages as a percent of new cars sold move up and down over that time period and then subsequently those cars coming back into the market place, if not really something that we have seen as a predictable variable to say that we would either gain more share or sell more cars.
Tom Folliard: I think, looking at the securitization is a good proxy, because you can lock down on what actually out there. We are also giving you this data every quarter on our originations. And so from, that’s a pretty good indication that you could get on what’s going on in the warehouse, looking at the quarterly origination information and then kind of combining that with what you got up there in the public domain. And things are moving relatively quickly from the warehouse to the securitization…
Tom Folliard: I mean, we’ve not given any guidance about things going forward for a couple of years. But I think if you -- I think you can take the data out there on securitization and you can kind of see how to work itself through. It usually takes us couple of years for things to work through after we make the change in rate or you can observe a change in spread, and we expect that –
Tom Folliard: I think we should expect it’s going to be where the market leads it to be. And we are going to provide a competitive rate of financing per customer, that’s the most important thing that we do with CAF, as we are sitting in the catbird seat, if you will, as far as looking at those amounts, first we have provided competitive product. Cost of fund is going to be what it is and we’re going to charge what the market allows us. That’s why we continuously-- and you know the spread that we’re living at today is significantly better than historic levels still. And we are very happy with the profitability level of CAF. It started having growth going forward, that’s going to give by-products of them providing competitive offer and us growing core business in a number of sales that we run through the CarMax channel.
Tom Folliard: All I could comment is, as I did earlier that I think the provision for loan losses is in line with our expectations, where it should be for the portfolio, and that’s pretty much in line as far as we can talk about going forward.
Tom Folliard: May be a little more than half, so if you look at it as a share nationally it’s probably approximately half of that. And I talked earlier about markets where we have seen more mature markets achieving somewhere in the 10% to 15% range that’s about as high as it goes. We are not going to get into specific detail around markets but again and the data is, it’s challenging dataset that we have tried to have a consistent way to look at it over a long period of time. And recently as our sales mix has moved into the older category and a more significant percentage, we will now report only 0 to 10 year old share which is more representative of what we fell in aggregate.
Tom Folliard: The reason I put a wide range around it is, it’s just again it’s a difficult measure. The second part is, in some of our more mature markets where we thought maybe it was only a three store market or a five store market because of our ability to grow, we have been able to go back in and add more stores which contributes to more share. So, we are still a relatively young company particularly if you look at the number of stores we have that have been through a couple of buying cycles. So, I think we got a long way to go to continue to learn but I think that’s a pretty good range to work with what I said earlier.
Tom Folliard: That’s a difficult one for us to get our arms around other than we think over a long period of time they will kind of grow around the same. And remember we have couple of years where the disconnect was gigantic in the other direction.
Tom Folliard: Where our wholesale approximately doubled over two years, so it’s really strong volumes. We run a great auction business. We have great wholesale customers that support us each and every week and I think we provide great customer service and it’s been a terrific part of the total CarMax diversified business model.
Tom Folliard: So, that’s very good question Liz and it is an adjustment to take care of going back over the last few years but in terms of the magnitude of the dollars on a per contract basis, it’s approximately 30 bucks. So, in terms of our ability to price that back, we would feel like that’s a number that we could easily price back without much impact on penetration. Now that being said, the product itself has price changes all the time. We have been doing this for a long time over 20 years and as our partners learn more about the product and about the performance, we will see price changes. We do anticipate additional price changes this year to the product unrelated to the change required to get back the reserve. The impact that that will have on our penetration, we will have to see. We have also done a great job of training and developing our store teams to be able to sale the product. We think it’s a great deal for our customers. Our customers who buy ESP product as a group are happier than those that don’t. So, we continue to believe in it and although it’s a minor adjustment on a per car basis, it obviously have the impact that it did and we believe we fixed it going forward.
Tom Folliard: We have not yet, I am not saying that that won’t happen but as of yet no, we haven’t seen much of an impact on pricing or we certainly haven’t heard anything from anybody in the lending world.
Tom Folliard: It kind of is the same playbook, so it’s not, and I couldn’t point to any one thing. I just think our teams have done a really great job. We are also more experienced, we have some more experienced sales people in our stores who are better at selling. We have talked about credit in the past being a factor, car quality is a factor, having the right inventory in the right place at the right time is a factor for conversion. So, conversion is a multi-person effort. It’s not just a sales person in the store. It’s a combination of whole bunch of different things, I think the initiatives that we have worked on over the last several years to get more efficient and become a better operator, I think have also helped. So, it really is a combination of things and I really couldn’t be more proud of our store teams for how hard they have worked over the last several years to continue to improve our execution.
Tom Folliard: As you can see we have got a significant amount of cash on the balance sheet today. We are generating a lot of cash. So the answer to that, we’ll cross that bridge when we come to it. We’re obviously concerned about making sure we’re returning capital to shareholder appropriately. That said I don’t think we’d be uncomfortable with more leverage in our capital structure and we have significant access to capital to the extent we wanted to do that. We’ve got unused credit facility three quarters to the billion dollars and access to capital from a number of other venues if you wanted to.
Tom Folliard: As I said we’re constantly thinking about what’s the best thing for our shareholders and if we have something to talk about on that front we will, but at this point there is nothing to talk about.
Tom Folliard: The tax refund time for us is always a seasonally high time for sales and we have to get prepped up and make sure we have the inventory ready. If you remember last year there was a delay in the tax returns but I think we saw similar delay this year it’s not something that we think impacts us over the year but it can shift sales from one quarter to the other. Although I think I am not exactly Tom I think was pretty similar to last year in terms of timing. Delayed last year and a little delayed this year as well.
Tom Folliard: The wholesale sales were up not down, margin was slightly down. But I mean we have seen, we went for a number of years where we saw an appreciating wholesale market which was obviously pretty unique and that provides the tailwind and for a number of different reasons I would say the last year or so have been what we would consider more of a normally depreciating market. So pretty strong buy rate, remember this is not a business that you can isolate and manage independently. It is absolutely attached to the retail business and to everything else that we do. So maintaining a strong buy rate, making sure that customers who come and want to sell us their car and also buy a car from us get a strong offer, so that they’re likely to sell us their car and then in turn buy a car from us is one of the more important things that we do. So a buy rate of around 30% that’s about as we have ever had in the quarter so wholesale comes out the way it does based on the amount of traffic that we get through the door.
Tom Folliard: Thank you operator and thank you everyone for your support and interest and just a couple of closing comments. The year when we celebrated our 20 year anniversary, we also have cumulative retail sales of over 5 million units and cumulative wholesale sales of almost 3 million units and in fiscal ‘14 alone we sold almost 870,000 total cars in those two categories. And I just want to thank our 21,000 CarMax associates for all they have done over the last 20 years to make this all possible. Thanks for joining us, we’ll talk to again next quarter.
Tom Reedy: No Matt I don’t think there is anything to call out particularly in the loss ratio where it’s at today is essentially what we would expected based on the evolution of our portfolio and the expense we have done over the last couple of years. I will comment that weather does impact credit as well with people being able to make payment, make calls et cetera but we don’t think there is the big impact there. If you remember last quarter we did talk about it favorable loss experience in the third quarter and early in the year that was something that didn’t materialize this quarter, so that would explain a little bit of it as well. As far as losses we’re not seeing anything unusual.
Tom Reedy: Yes Matt I mean obviously if you think about subprime the cost of servicing is going to be significantly higher than the average of our portfolio. But I would point out that it’s not going to be dramatically higher than kind of the lowest stand of what we already do in the CAF business. We already do a pretty wide spectrum, and obviously we’re accounting for that accordingly in our estimation of whether it makes sense from a profitability perspective or not.
Tom Reedy: I mean Matt I think we’re going into this test not as similar we’re going to breakeven it or not make money with this product from the perspective of so we intent to go forward and if this thing make sense we would intent to have the finance piece on its own been viable from a profitability perspective. The $1,000 that we avoid from the discounts from the third party lenders will be incremental to that.
Tom Reedy: That’s going to depend on the appetite of our lenders and what they are seeing in the business that they originates through our channel and we want them to run a profitable business. Our main goal is to have a sustainable source of financing for all of our customers.
Tom Reedy: Yes, our plan is to originate about $70 million as Tom mentioned earlier we are up to about 9 and then it’s going to take a lot of the results.
Tom Reedy: I think we have nothing different; it’s the same kind of level that 48% comp, mid to high single-digit we think we got some leverage.
Tom Reedy: We are doing one every quarter these days, based on the origination of the CAFs. I think it is pretty decent proxy.
