Jon Daniels: Thanks, Enrique, and good morning, everyone. During the fourth quarter, CarMax Auto Finance originated $1.9 billion, resulting in penetration of 44.7% net of three-day payoffs, up from the 41% seen in the same quarter last year and in line with Q3. The weighted average contract rate charged to new customers at 10.9% was up 110 basis points from Q3 and 270 basis points from the same period last year. We were pleased with our ability to increase consumer rates within the quarter, while maintaining a consistent share of finance contracts sequentially and growing our share of finance contracts substantially on a year-over-year basis. Tier 2 penetration in the quarter was 19.4% lower than typical seasonal levels. Tier 3 penetration was flat to last year at 6.9%, while our long-term lending partners continued to complement each other in providing strong credit offers to our customers, we did observe year-over-year tightening as both rising interest rates and delinquencies likely led to these adjustments. Of note, CAF has also adjusted its underwriting standards in reaction to the current environment, including towards the end of Q4 reducing its targeted percentage of Tier 3 volume from 10% to 5%. CAF income for the quarter was $124 million, down from $194 million in the same period last year. The $70 million year-over-year decrease is primarily driven by a $44 million increase in loan loss provision, as well as a $61 million increase in interest expense, partially offset by growth in interest and fee income. Within the quarter, total interest margin decreased to $262 million, down $22 million from the same quarter last year. The corresponding margin to receivables rate of 6.3% is down approximately 100 basis points year-over-year and 125 basis points from the near 10-year peak seen in this year's first quarter, driven mostly by the significant interest rate jumps absorbed during the past year. In response, we have made numerous pricing moves over the last 12 months, including in the fourth quarter that should cause the reduction in margin to slow and allow this portfolio rate to level off in fiscal year 2024. The loan loss provision in Q4 of $98 million results in an ending reserve balance of $507 million or 3.02% of ending receivables. This is compared to a reserve of $491 million last quarter, which was 2.95% of receivables. This sequential 7 basis point adjustment in the reserved to receivable ratio reflects unfavorable performance within the portfolio, as well as the uncertain macro environment along with the continued increase in cash Tier 2 and Tier 3 volume. We continue to target and operate within the 2% to 2.5% cumulative net credit loss range for our core Tier 1 portfolio and we believe we are appropriately reserved for future losses. Regarding further advancements in our credit technology, we continue to stabilize and improve upon our nationally available best-in-class pre-qualification product, finance-based shopping or FBS. During the fourth quarter, we fully deployed yet another of our large lending partners within the FBS platform, now bringing the total to five of well-established lenders that are providing decisions on the full vehicle inventory for an applicant and co-applicant, leveraging a soft credit pull. Note what truly makes this product distinct in used auto industry is our ability to calculate over 6 million unique credit decisions every minute from multiple finance sources, each leveraging their own distinct credit models and then to make these offers digitally available to customers wherever they are shopping in the store, at home, we're walking the lot. During this upcoming first quarter, we hope to add additional finance partners to the platform as work is already well underway. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Bill.
Jon Daniels: Sure. And I'll jump in on the other metrics. Just to piggyback on the cost of funds, obviously the other component there is the kind of APR, that's in the deal as well. Last time, we were at 9.09%, we just cited that we were 10.9% on our originations in this quarter, we've done a great job of raising rates through the year. So you can imagine that to drive through into future deals as well. So if spread settles in and our APRs are higher, that should benefit us. With regard to losses and delinquencies, as mentioned in the prepared remarks, again, we've taken our reserve up to $507 million, that's 3.02% of receivables. Did mention that some of that is driven by unfavorability in the portfolio and the macro environment. I think the entire industry is feeling a higher sense of delinquency in the consumer for us in the existing book of business. You've got some -- you've got definitely higher inflation making it more challenging for consumers. Our newer originations are purchasing at a higher average selling price, therefore, there's a higher payment. So people are having to work through having a higher auto payment than they might normally be used to. So all of these factors or things we're watching very carefully. We've reserved accordingly for it, but definitely a rise in delinquencies that we've done a nice job with and hasn't fully trended its way into losses and we think we're going to be able to continue to serve the consumer well. The other thing I'll add to that is we did mention in the prepared remarks and we have tightened -- many lenders have tightened on their -- in our platform, as well as outside of the industry and we've tightened as well. But something that we've done on a regular basis, we did it in the great recession, we did it at the start of a pandemic. We've done it many times in between. So we have tightened just to make it a little more conservative to watch this consumer carefully. But again, with our tightening, our partners will be happy to pick up that volume as we've done. So looking out hard to say where losses and delinquencies are going to be, but we think we're in that 2% to 2.5% range as we always have. We think we're well reserved and we'll watch the consumer carefully.
Jon Daniels: Great. Yes, thanks, Rajat. Yes, I don't think we’re missing anything, I thing a couple of points here. One is that there was some timing of spend from quarter-to-quarter things will vary. So we had some timing favorability this quarter over the previous quarter. In addition, given the volumes and where they're at, we had a bit of a pullback in our rent as volumes flex, we will move up in terms of our off lot short-term capacity to accommodate volumes. And given where volumes are at, we did have a pullback in our off-site capacity. So you'll see that reflected in occupancy through a lower rent. So those are the two bigger items I'd tell you within the quarter.
Jon Daniels: Yes. And I'll just add on to that, Scot. Just one ahead of thing, what we mentioned the FBS platform and one of the things we're so excited about that, right? So many people are shopping for that monthly payment online out the gate, not in the store necessarily. And so being able to -- if they pick vehicle X and it ends up being a higher payment for them, we're providing them the capability to see payments on all the vehicles with multiple lenders so they can pivot relatively quickly. So we think again once the shock of the higher ASPs come down over time just having that tool out there to adjust that price when in that payment as needed will really benefit us. And we'll springboard out of this thing.
Jon Daniels: Sure. Yes, thanks John for the question. I'll take the NIM one. So I think first -- most important to point out is you're coming off of probably a 10-year peak in Q1 previous of this year. You really benefited from low funding costs. Lenders were able to capture a lot of margin there. You look at some of those deals you referenced, I mean, very, very strong margin. So while we'd love to have been to stay up there, it was probably never going to happen and you've seen us come down sequentially quarter-over-quarter. I think if you look at what -- how we have been able to raise rates for our consumers and obviously, Enrique already mentioned earlier, we do think that the ABS market is kind of improving. We're probably better matched with our rates to how we'll do long-term funding costs out there. And so we think that when we look out, you never know where funding costs are going to go, you never know what consumers are going to walk through the door. Ultimately, we need to remain competitive and make sure that we're able to sell cars and provide competitive rates for our consumers. But when we look out, we've come down off of this peak. We think that we're well matched with our rates versus what we can fund this stuff for in the future and we do think we can level off in ‘24.
Jon Daniels: Sure. Yes. If you just look at those previous deals, you look at the ‘23 one deal, again, an APR of 9.09%, we just referenced that we're at 10.9% this quarter and I could tell you that's not where we ended the quarter, so you're going to see in subsequent deals APR is higher if funding costs are more reasonable, I think we're absolutely going to be better matched funding costs for rate out there, that's exactly what I'm referring to.
Jon Daniels: Sure. Yes, just to your first question, David. Yes, certainly when partners pull back, the pie sums to a 100, so CAF can benefit from that. But I think CAF's penetration is really again us remaining competitive in that tier space and winning the volume outright. But yes, we did see our Tier 2 partners certainly pull back, Tier 3 tends to benefit from that, because those customers who typically would be Tier 2 may move down and get picked up by Tier 3. But I think that just speaks to the quality of our platform, right? If CAF pulls back Tier 2 picks up, if Tier 2 pulls back Tier 3 picks up or other partners in Tier 2, but we did see pullback in the Tier 2 space certainly. And your second question was probably with regard to my prepared remarks and about adding a subsequent lender, we were referring to the FBS platform. We have five, again, long-term lenders on there, which means that they are operating with a soft pull they are decisioning all the vehicles using their models in minutes and getting it back to us so we can provide that to the consumer and provide as rich an offer as possible. Every lender you add, we added one in Q4, we hope to add another one in Q1 just further strengthens the set of offers across all the inventory that the customer can see and helps them to convert. So that's what I was referring to.
Jon Daniels: Absolutely, it’s not adding a brand new lender, although I'm sure we have plenty of lenders that would love to come into our space. But this is existing in our typical in-store environments that we're going to add into this again very rich FBS environment.
Jon Daniels: So if your question is, increased repossessions. Obviously, as losses go up, as you're seeing delinquencies certainly in the industry, it will lead to losses then you're going to see added repossession. So I think the entire industry is seeing that. We are seeing that to some degree, if that's your question.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. Thanks for the question, John. I'll address the cost of funds and kind of how to think about that. Then I'll turn it over to Jon to talk about the business. So from a cost of funds perspective, what I'd tell you is that the securitization market, which we're largely dependent on, the market is open, is constructive currently and what we've seen, you signed in our first deal where the cost of funds came down relative to the deal that ended in 2022, right? And so we do believe that, that the benchmarks continue to come down, spreads continue to be healthy and we would expect that to, kind of, carry forward. Per timing, you would expect us to be in the market here in the near-term. But we would expect to be able to execute our deal. And again, I think relative to a couple of deals ago where the market really was compressed and the cost of funds was one of the highest we had seen in many, many, many years, it's come down from there. Still higher than obviously what we'd like them to be, but certainly better than where they had trended a couple of deals ago.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, just to build on that a little bit, [Steve] (ph), as I said in my prepared remarks, we are past the investment in heavy phase for omni transformation. We believe, largely speaking that we have the resources in place, we're appropriately staffed and now it's really a matter of executing on our plans to really focus around enhancing efficiencies, enhancing and strengthening experiences for our customers and for our associates, right? But we believe we passed that point. So we do think that now and for the guidance that we've given, low-single-digit gross profit growth is what we're going to need to lever. And I would think about that as well as carrying beyond FY ‘24 and into, while not giving specific guidance, I would think about that. That is kind of where we are in our maturity curve as a company and that's kind of how I think about it for the next period of time.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: I guess the others, and you asked different here, right? So on the first one, absolutely, we moved to leverage being defined as SG&A to gross profit. So not retail units, not sales because as you know, as we've migrated and transformed ourselves it's also about just solely per retail unit. There's also a better wholesale business, a better CAF business. So we take a holistic look and our leverage point specifically is on gross profit. So I think that was your first point of clarification. The second for the first quarter, yes, it is an important point and I had it in my notes here that I spoke to. So in the fourth quarter, right, we -- year-over-year, we were down 8% in SG&A. So, what we're communicating here is that in the first quarter of FY ‘24 upcoming year that decrease may be muted, compared year-over-year decrease in the first quarter versus last year's first quarter would be muted compared to that 8%. And that's just because we'll be -- will have more comparables when it comes to the corporate bonus accrual, which in the fourth quarter was down pretty materially as I call that in my notes. As well, our fourth quarter last year, our marketing spend was much higher than what it was in this fourth quarter, which provided some relief in this fourth quarter. So that presents a little bit of more of a challenge for the first quarter of FY ’24, as compared year-over-year, as compared to FY ‘23. And then lastly, on marketing per spend, we made a decision a few years ago to take our marketing per unit spend up along with our journey here and our transformation and that's where we currently what we intend on keeping it. We believe we have a strong line of sight into ROI and very accretive properties and investments here. Our marketing team does a fantastic job and being able to track what is accretive. What is ROI generating and what is not ROI generating. So we have a pretty good understanding of our portfolio of investments when it comes to marketing and currently, we think that 350 roughly per unit spend is appropriate for where we are.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. I'm going to tell you is that we believe we're largely speaking appropriately staffed. There's still some pockets where there's probably some overstaffing that we're working through, right? And, we do it in a healthy way, which is just through attrition. And that's the approach we've taken for the past period here. But largely speaking, we think we're appropriately staffed, kind of, across the board. Compared to last year, right? We were down when it comes to like what flows through SG&A, because we do have a large service department and service associates that flows to our COGS. But just through SG&A, we're down about 10% year-over-year, right? And that's really, kind of, staffing in our CECs as we've rightsized in our stores as we've rightsized as well and that's where you'll see it offset a little bit by our corporate overhead staffing, but net-net we're down about 10%. So that's kind of where we are. When it comes to like the 70% mid-70%. Yes, we're actually striving to get there. Our goal is to get back to a leverage rate that's more reflective of a stronger flow through and a business model that we're striving to get to. Now to get to that number, we're also going to need some help in sales, right, as well to support that. And we expect to get there over time. I think to get there in FY ‘24, I would tell you it would be a strong stretch just, kind of, given where we ended FY ‘23 and kind of where volumes are at. And just the environment that we're operating in. But we are controlling what is in our control and I think we've done a pretty effective job here of taking our SG&A down and thinking about our business model and the maturity curve in terms of where we are with our omni transformation. And now it's really a matter of, kind of, reallocating resources internally to work on the most accretive projects that we have.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. And what I said is that our first step, right, so our initial goal is to the mid-70s and then longer term, we do have as part of our aspirations to get back to roughly where we were. I don't know if we'll get back fully to where we were in the medium term here, but certainly our first step is to get to the mid-70s.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, Chris, thanks for the question. Yes, so year-over-year in FY ‘24, we expect our CapEx spend to be roughly the same as what it was, but what's making it up is changing a little bit, right? And so by far, the largest contributor to our CapEx in FY ‘24 is going to be really that's starting to build out our off-site production, our off-site auction capabilities to ensure that over time, over the longer term that we're able to meet our long targets, right? We feel good about our near-term and our ability to hit kind of our sales, our auction levels, but we also need to plan for the future at the same time. So that consists of buying land across the country. It also consists of this year building out and opening our first off-site production auction -- production site sorry which will be in Atlanta and the metro market there. And the way to think about that is the size of it will be roughly and this way to think about them moving forward in our off-site production locations will be roughly the size of our largest production locations that we have in our stores currently, right? Large acreage, so 20 plus acres as well is how to think about them. And from a CapEx spend, they'll be similar to the CapEx that we had spent in the past on, kind of, our production locations just for those. But that is actually driving the largest piece of our CapEx spend. There is some anticipation that stores will continue to grow in FY ’25, right? Still, it was going to kind of see how the market, how we perform, how the macro environment is. We have lowered that amount for FY ’24 as you know, we're at five new stores and we'll see in FY ‘25, but there is some planning for that, that goes ahead even this early on in the year, because it does take quite a bit of time to get a store open.
Bill Nash: Sure. Good morning, Michael. Yes, on the retail and wholesale GPU, obviously, they did come in stronger. I think the wholesale benefited a little bit we saw some appreciation in the latter part of the quarter, which when that generally happens, we usually trail whether it goes up or comes down. So I think that added a little bit of favorability there. I think as you go forward thinking about wholesale, I would land probably more in the line of where we've been historically $900 to $1,000. On the retail side again, we did expansive price elasticity testing and determined that we could have sold a few more cars, but we actually would have made less money. So we held the retail GPUs, they're pretty similar to the third quarter. They were up year-over-year and that's more of a function of the fact that we continue to have a higher mix of older vehicles, which carry a little bit more margin. I think just in the retail pricing environment in totality, we did see some depreciation at the beginning of the quarter, we saw a little bit of appreciation at the latter part. If you go back a year ago, not this year, they just completed the year before, prices appreciated about $7,500 and that's in the zero to five-year old cars this year. By the end of the calendar year, they had come back about $5,000, I would expect, even though we've seen some recent appreciation, I would expect to probably start to see a little bit more depreciation as we go forward. So that should continue to give a little bit of relief on the overall retail sales price.
Bill Nash: Yes. I think it's hard to say, I mean, what I would tell you is because our self-sufficiency is so high, we just really haven't had an issue on sourcing environment. It's not like we're going out and competing in the auction lanes as much as we used to. I think it remains to be seeing what the impact is on competitors and where they get their funding. I guess theoretically, it could cause prices to go down if they are not able to source financing to keep inventory on the lot. But that remains to be seen.
Bill Nash: Yes, Rajat, thanks for the question. Look, we're certainly not economists, but I think there's some publications and I think like COGS for example has the used market overall being down a little bit this year. I think you also have it softer in the front part, I mean, softer in the front part a little bit better in the back half. I think that's kind of the way we think about it as well, but that remains to be seen. And as always on the market share, our goal is whether the market is a good market or a bad market. We want to gain profitable market share and I spoke to just the transitory pressures that we continue to see in this quarter as it relates to market share. But given previous experiences, we would expect that to turn and then we'd get back into gaining market share.
Bill Nash: Yes, everyone. Thanks for the question. I'll give you my thoughts first and I'm sure Enrique will have some thoughts as well. But you're exactly right, we are -- send in the message that we expect this to be at a lower rate going forward. And if you think about the past few years, every year we update and say, okay, this is what it's going to take to lever and we're running that five day in this past year, prior year we said, hey, it's going require more than that, because of the investments we knew we were making plus some of the carryover investments. We hadn't been giving longer term guidance, because quite honestly, while many companies have gone from a pure brick and mortar to more of an omnichannel, there really hasn't been any other example of companies doing that with what I call considered purchase where there's a lot of back and forth between physical and digital properties. And so I almost equate this to renovating an old house, which unfortunately haven't experienced with that too. You don't know what you don't know until you get into it. And every time you pull down a wall in old house there's some new surprise there. Well, with this, every time we would turnover a rock as it related to the omnichannel experience, there were two other rocks underneath it. And I think what we've gotten to the point of is that we've built out our product organization. We feel really good about the resources there. We've got the base of the capabilities. Now it's about enhancing, and then as we enhance and finish some things, we'll shift people to work on different things. So we feel good about the resources that we have at this point. And I'll let Enrique add any other…
Bill Nash: And Sharon, the only other thing I would add to that is, and Enrique said this in his comments, it can vary quarter-to-quarter. You may be up in some quarters, you may be down in some other quarters and that will really be dictated by some of the ROI that we're seeing. We're always going to have some brand spend out there, because I think it's important long-term. So the other thing I think of note here is that when we think about advertising, we also -- it's not just about customer acquisition, it’s also about vehicle acquisition. So there may be sometimes we spend up a little bit more in trying to buy cars from consumer. So again, we'll continue to monitor this.
Bill Nash: It's -- we see the traffic top of funnel, so it's not top of funnel. The degradation really happens at the conversion point and which can make sense as you find a car that you like, you start working through and all of a sudden you realize, wow, that monthly payment is more than I can afford and then you see where they fall out, which is the reason why we've been talking about vehicle affordability is one of the biggest factors that impact our sales. So it's all about conversion, not necessarily top of funnel.
Bill Nash: Yes. And Daniel, the only other thing I would add to that is even as we -- as business returns, we're heavily focused on finding efficiencies. The business model has really changed within the store with omni. So we're looking at more efficiencies in the CEC, so as more volume comes in, CECs don't have to grow as fast. We've already taken -- we've reduced the sales force, because of the CECs, because customers are coming more progress, which is another reason why we're really focused on this self-progression, the more customers can progress on their own, our floor sales consultants can handle more associates. So as we think about the future model, we're trying to get efficiencies not only at the corporate side, which we feel pretty good about the teams we've got there, but also just become more efficient in the field operations.
Bill Nash: Yes. And I think Daniel on that, keep in mind part of the omni transformation is we've gone from an organization that worked with all legacy systems that really didn't cost us anything to a combination of systems that we built in-house, but also software-as-a-service. And software-as-a-service is an expense that we used to not have. So things like software-as-a-service, the product organization that we built out, we've got 60 product teams that really enable having this omni channel experience both to have the store and the digital. So that expense isn't going away. We didn't use to have that expense. Theoretically, the CECs will be offset with the sale. So that should watch, but there are the things like cybersecurity that because we have so much of a digital presence now you had to step up your spend there. So there are some things which is why to Enrique’s point, our first goal is, hey, let's get back to the 70s because we know we've got some headwinds on things that we didn't use to have and then we'll continue to work on taking it below there.
Bill Nash: Yes. Good morning, Seth. Yes, I think the market dynamics did help, because again, we were doing pricing elasticity tests and as I said earlier, we could have sold some more cars, but overall profitability would have been down. So I think that, that did help. Now as far as going forward, I think, I'd probably get more in the range of where we historically. I think, you know, part of it will depend on what the macro factors, because we'll continue to test elasticity. But if you think about we've been, kind of, in the 2,100 to -- roughly 2,100, 2,150 22,000 in that range. I would think somewhere in that range is probably a good target to think about for the upcoming year. But again, it's going to be dependent on what we see from the market factors.
Bill Nash: Yes. No, it's a great question. And again, we've always said this idea of proper market share and that hasn't changed. You know, if I look at the market share for 2022 relatively flat. You can argue it was slightly up, but we call it relatively flat. For the first-half of the year, we saw good market share gains. In fact, most several of the months were double-digit gains. We hit August, August, I would call was fairly flat, and then we saw declining gains really from September through December. And we've seen this before, if I go back to ’08, ’09, if I go back to COVID, although they're very different circumstances, we've seen where we've lost market share for a period of time, then it flattens out. We start from a month-over-month, we start to grow it back. We get back to where we were before we started and then we continue to increase. I would expect this to not be any different. I'm encouraged as I look at the data that we have so far, if you look at August through or really September through December, it was decreasing market shares month-over-month. I think December, January, my hope is we've kind of bottomed out there. We don't have the February data yet, but I'm hoping that we bottomed out, which means that, okay, market share should from month-over-month will still be probably below year-over-year, but we should start to climb back out.
Bill Nash: Yes. And Chris, I would just add to that the planned spend for the capacity, it's no different than what we've done in the past. We used to build production stores as we're going into new markets. Well, what we've been doing here lately, because we haven't opened up a bunch of production stores, we've been leveraging the existing production. So we had planned to add capacity. So it's really no different than what we've done in the past. It just happens to be okay now is time that we start to do some additional production builds. And the really only difference is that some of them will not be attached to stores, but still in close proximity to stores, because that's a big competitive advantage.
Bill Nash: Yes. No, it's a good question. We just want to make sure that we're both maximizing the experience for our dealers, as well as maximizing the ultimate price that our cars sell for. And so we're just doing small tests just to see, hey, having a -- both a physical sale, but also virtually broadcasting it, are there new dealers that might show up? Or do you get extra bid. So we -- in our efforts to make sure we're being efficient as possible, we don't want to leave any [Indiscernible] unturned. So I don't really think about it as a big SG&A spend, because a lot of -- like the testing that we're doing is what I would call more of a post card sale. So you actually have the cars running through, but you have the auction lane open for folks to bid in that kind of thing. So again, small tests, we're going to continue to see what we can learn. But to your point, we feel great about the margins what we can put on cars. But again, we always are looking to get a little better.
Bill Nash: And John, on the market share the six, 10, remember, we always measure market share zero to 10. I do think six to 10 is an opportunity. I mean, if you look at our recent sales like even this quarter, vehicle is over six years over 60,000 miles. If I look at where we were year-over-year, we're probably 10 points higher, we're probably high 30s as a percent of sale. The real question will be is prices come down. Do consumers start to go back to newer model vehicles? So we'll see, I think we're in a great position. We obviously have shown that we can acquire those vehicles and recondition them. So it's a great lever as we go forward.
Bill Nash: Yes, I think so. But again, some of it will be just on consumer demand. If the folks that are coming into our stores are looking for later model vehicles, lower mileage, we're certainly going to put more of those on our lot, so we'll manage to whatever the consumer is looking for.
Bill Nash: Yes, I think, Chris, it's a little early, because the vehicles we're selling right now, we sourced in the last quarter. So I don't think it's really going to impact up to this point what your retail ASPs are. So I would think about this quarter right now, our retail ASPs are probably similar to what they were for the quarter. And again, we had a little bit of appreciation that we saw there. Keep in mind that the depreciation flows through much quickly on the wholesale cars, because you're turning those -- that inventory every seven days.
Bill Nash: And those are -- David, those are long-term lenders that we already have that we're pulling in [Multiples Speakers]
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you. I want to thank everybody for joining the call and your questions and support. I do want to congratulate all the associates again on being named a great place to work for 19-years in a row. And like I said earlier, we believe we're well positioned to navigate this environment and emerge even stronger. We look forward to talking with everyone next quarter. Take care.
