Thomas J. Folliard: That's a good question, Craig. We're in the middle of investing in continued capabilities on our website and mobile devices, and I don't think that's just for millennials. I think that's really for all consumers. If you look at consumer behavior over the last several years, it's clearly shifting towards wanting to do more and more of whatever shopping process they're involved in online. And we see that continuing to shift, and then within that, continuing to shift towards mobile. So we're working hard on our app and trying to have fantastic pictures on there. We've added zoom capability. We've added high-definition and zoom capability. We've given customers the ability to transfer a car from any store to any other store. We've given them the ability to pay for that online. If it's a paid transfer via credit card, they can fill out a big chunk of the paperwork online. And I think there's lots more to come there. It's just an ongoing process and trying to stay out in front of technology. But continued investments in the website and our mobile device I think will attract not only millennials, but other customers as well.
Thomas J. Folliard: And, Scot, as you know, one of our main goals at CarMax is to make sure that when customers show up at the store that they have access to credit and we always talk about global approval rating which is of applicants, how many get an approval from one of our lenders starting with CAF and then heading down through all of our other partners. And that number is over 90%. So we're pretty pleased with the credit offering that we have for our customers when they show up at the store, whether it's through CAF or one of our partners.
Thomas J. Folliard: At this time it's not, Brian. We have gone on and off testing with Cars.com and Autotrader.com, and we'll continue to test on whatever listing sites that add incremental sales and that are worth the investment. With the growth in carmax.com up to 16 million hits a month, we're a pretty prominent website, particularly in all the markets that we operate in, and we haven't found that there is incremental value there. So at this time, we're mostly just using our own website. We are continuing to test, but we don't have any cars on Cars.com or Autotrader.com at this time.
Thomas J. Folliard: That's largely going to be driven by how the stock performs. And a big chunk of that is in our restricted stock units that go to the vast majority of the associates who are in the equity program largely in our stores. And that's a cash-settled expense for us, and it's subject to variable accounting. So this is going to be largely based on how the stock performs and a number of other factors.
Thomas J. Folliard: Matt, so that was a – we originally called that out as a test. And EasyShop was a branded thing – excuse me, within the website. We're really not calling it that anymore. It's now really just expanded capabilities throughout the website, and we'll continue to test those capabilities. And when we find something that works, we'll roll it to the whole chain. And so the things I mentioned earlier, the ability to transfer a car, the ability to pay for a car, the ability to make an appointment, the ability to put a car on hold remotely, all those things are rolled throughout the company now, but we stopped branding it. We just realized it worked better as just part of the capability of our normal website. I really can't give you what I think the other things will be that – the capabilities that we'll add going forward, other than we're working really hard to try and make sure that customers can do whatever part of the transaction that they want to do from home, we want to make sure we give them that capability. So that's kind of where we're focusing. We want to improve their experience. We want to make sure we have the best search engine, we want to make sure we have the best touch screen experience, and we want to make sure we have the best mobile experience. And the other thing I would say is we need to hold ourselves to a standard of the experiences that people have in other parts of their lives and not just their experience that they have when they're shopping for a car. So the bar has definitely been raised as it relates to experiences online and experiences with mobile devices, but we're working real hard to stay out in front of it.
Thomas J. Folliard: So I think we mentioned we were going to open five stores, read the results for some period of time, and then evaluate our plan going forward. On the last call, I mentioned that we feel very confident in the way we've performed so far. And if you look at our growth plans going forward, the 13 to 16 stores over the next few years, embedded in that will be small-format stores. So we've identified right now at least 80 markets that meet that criteria, and that will be part of our regular growth program going forward. Last month, the store that I mentioned in Gainesville, Florida is a little bit of a hybrid. It has a small-format front end, which means we operate it with the overhead structure that we've created for the small-format stores, but we have a full production shop in the back. So we're always going to be working on our formats and try to find out what's the most efficient way to want to run a store at various volumes. And we have incredible variation and incredible capabilities as a company to be able to go after just about any market now. We can open a market with selling as few as 75 cars a month, and we can run stores that sell as many as 1,000 cars a month. So I'm really proud of what we've accomplished in being able to address all kinds of different market sizes.
Thomas J. Folliard: Matt, I've talked about this a number of times. I really don't worry about the wholesale business in any given quarter. We think about it over a very long period of time. If you look at it over a long period of time, it has essentially grown with unit sales. We're not worried at all that it's – it grew 5%. I'm glad that it grew 5%. It's a very, very big business for us. It's a very profitable business for us. It requires an incredible amount of effort in the stores. You think about every time we open up a new production store. And even in a new market, we've got to run another business within it. We have to have great customer service. We have to attract dealers to our auctions every day, and we have to give those dealers a great experience because they have other choices and they can go other places. So again, it's a big business. It grew 5% in the quarter, not quite what the retail growth was. But as you've been following us for a long time, you've seen that number dramatically in the other direction as well sometimes. So we're really thinking about that business over the long haul. And also, as you know, that business is not an independent business. It's attached to retail. Almost all the cars sold in wholesale are direct acquisitions from consumers, many of those who are buying cars from us, so we have to make sure that we're competitive. So I was very pleased with the quarter for wholesale.
Thomas J. Folliard: And, Matt, one more point on that. Almost all the variability in our stock-based compensation expense is non-executive comp, just to make that point.
Thomas J. Folliard: Exactly. And remember, carrying – that's with 16 more stores in the base than were there last year, which as you know, in the early part of their life story is very SG&A inefficient until they grow to where we expect them to grow. And we've always said, we think we need mid to high single-digit comps to get some leverage there. I was really pleased with the way SG&A ran during the quarter.
Thomas J. Folliard: For the quarter, it was 76%. And you mentioned 75% was in the fourth quarter, and that's on top of 73% the year prior. So I think pre-recession, that number was 85%, and then coming out of the recession it was 70%. So yes, we've seen some shifting back towards. We've been expecting this with the shifting in supply, with the change in the SAAR. But from quarter to quarter, it was relatively flat from the fourth quarter to this quarter.
Thomas J. Folliard: It was still a pretty good number. We're buying around 30%. That's pretty good for us. It's modest fluctuations in the buy rate. We called it out only because it was there, but it's not something that I really can add any color to because I don't think there was much to it.
Thomas J. Folliard: You can't just look at CPO by itself. You have to look at total comps for the industry. If you look at the average of all the publicly traded new car dealers, used comps during the first quarter were at 5%, so about in line with where we were. Within that is where you see the growth in CPO, so there is a distinction there that you have to make. Lease percentage right now, I think, in the new car industry is somewhere around 30%. And when you see that supply coming back is really two years and three years later after you see a high lease percentage. So I'm not sure that we've seen much of it yet, but it's never been a problem for us to source cars. And when cars are at a high lease percentage, when you look out two years and three years later, generally, they're more organized at the auction, so it's a little easier for us actually to buy those cars when we see them come back to the marketplace. But we really haven't seen lease percentage change our ability to source cars over time, and we've been at this for over 20 years. So we actually think it's not a bad thing at all that there's a higher percentage of leases right now. And over the next two years or three years, that'll give us more access to those cars.
Thomas J. Folliard: And remember, we're very market-driven with a three-day guarantee for our customers to go get a better loan somewhere else and we unwind it free of cost. So that is a kind of a check and balance on how much rate we can actually get out of our consumers. But we think it's a huge competitive advantage that not only CarMax Auto Finance, but all of our other lenders as well, provide customers that opportunity to go get a better deal somewhere else, if they'd like, in the first three business days and get out of it at no cost whatsoever. So it's a good check and balance, but it's a great offering for the consumer.
Thomas J. Folliard: That's another one that's been pretty volatile over time. And I still think of it as you have to look at it over a much longer period of time. And I've always felt that over time, we would get our comp sales improvement from a combination of traffic and conversion. So there have been quarters where conversion has outpaced traffic, and there have been quarters where traffic has outpaced conversion. In this particular quarter, we said it was divided between the two to deliver the 5% comp, but there's volatility in both of those things and I expect it to be volatile going forward, but I think over a long period of time I expect to get improvements out of both. So I'm not sure I really answered your question, but I can tell you we've had quarters where conversion improvement has been higher than this quarter, but we've had some quarters where we've been flat or behind as well. So really you have to look at it over a much longer period of time. I don't think one quarter is a good proxy for the long term, although in this quarter we had a little from both.
Thomas J. Folliard: That's a really good question. We spend a lot of time trying to figure that out and we don't have a lot of success. So I'd say it comes from all kinds of different areas. There's an argument that people are more prepared when they show up at the store because they've spent more time on our website. There's an argument for more inventory for selection for the customer. You can clearly see impacts from movements in credit that impact conversion as well. We have extensive training programs going on in our stores in all areas of the company, which I think help conversion of course. We can buy cars a little bit better, have the right selection at individual stores even without having more cars. So we always say around here conversion is a very big word and it includes lots of things. So I really can't attribute specific points to any one of them.
Thomas J. Folliard: As you said, we're excited about all parts of our business. I think for me it's two things. It's the ability to continuously improve our existing store base, which has gotten quite large, and then our ability to enter new markets successfully, whether they're small markets or medium-sized markets or metro markets, and then to be able to deliver a consumer offer that has all kinds of advantages against the competition that allow us to continue to succeed. So I'm really excited about the core business. In the last several months, I visited lots of ours stores that have been around for 15 and 20 years, some are hitting all-time highs in sales. And then I've been to some of our new grand openings, and it always gets me excited to see how engaged people are to come and work for CarMax and deliver a great consumer offer. So again, for me it's continuing to grow the existing stores and then being able to go after new markets as well.
Thomas J. Folliard: We're really well past tax refund season now. For us, that's January, February, March timeframe. And over the last couple of years, we've seen some volatility around timing from just tax refunds, in general. But whatever you would've seen from tax refunds, you would've already seen in our business through the fourth quarter and then now that the first quarter is over. So it's always a big-time year for us particularly coming out of the winter and we had a big year this year as well.
Thomas J. Folliard: That's a good question and I have the same answer as before. We're keeping a close eye on it and we'll decide if that's something we need to go after. As of this moment, we're not heading down the peer-to-peer path. But if you really think about the way CarMax works, the fact that we make a cash offer on every car is enabling a lot of peer-to-peer transactions and some of those are coming through us that would have otherwise gone peer-to-peer. So a customer who normally would have put their car online and be – or have put up in their yard and put a for-sale sign on it, now they're bringing a lot of those customers. They're bringing their cars directly to us and sell it to us. So it may not be exactly the way you're thinking of it, but I think we're getting plenty of customers who would have gone through the peer-to-peer channel and are deciding to sell their car directly to CarMax.
Thomas J. Folliard: We're evaluating all different options and we're open to any way that makes our business better and delivers a better return for our shareholders.
Thomas J. Folliard: So on the first question, that number has been around 30% for quite a long time now. But that's a big number. We sold 600,000 cars last year, which means we transfer roughly 200,000 cars at the customer's request to the store near them and then sold the car. So we're transferring as many cars or more than anybody else at the customer's request when they see a great presentation of that car through our website. With 40 high-definition pictures and zoom capability, I think we'll continue to make progress there, but the number has been relatively flat. But again, it's a very, very big number. In terms of our regional differences, we never comment on regional differences. The only thing I'd tell you is I continue to be very proud of our CarMax team whenever we have a disaster in any area that involves large-scale loss of products. We're able to be there for the consumer when they are ready to buy something else. And we also are a place where people can get rid of their cars, whether they – if a car is flood-damaged or hail damaged, we still make an offer on the car. We turn around and wholesale that car. We won't retail one of those cars, but we still are there for the consumer when they need us in markets that have some trouble. But I can't really comment on any differences in performance.
Thomas J. Folliard: Okay, being there are no further questions, I want to thank everybody for your interest in CarMax and for joining us on the call today. And I especially want to thank our over 22,000 CarMax associates nationwide for all you do every day to make CarMax such a success. And we'll talk to you guys next quarter. Thank you.
Thomas W. Reedy: I think we talked about this a little bit last quarter. We've seen pretty stable performance from our Tier 3 lenders. If you look at what they're approving and the quality of their offers, it's been pretty consistent for the last several quarters. And as we've talked about, you've got to remember that their performance is a byproduct of both what they're doing on the credit front and what they're seeing coming through the pipeline. So I think it's fair to say that their behavior has been consistent and we're seeing a little bit more assertiveness in the Tier 2 space.
Thomas W. Reedy: I can't speak for them, but if you look at credit quality of applications this quarter, it's up about two points year over year. That moves the mix a little bit. And I think we've done a lot of work to build a good stable of Tier 2 lenders that each brings something different from the table from a credit perspective, and that adds incremental sales. So like I said, I think we're happy with the performance of our Tier 3 lenders. I think that we see consistent aggressiveness out of them in the last several quarters. I wouldn't attribute it to anything but some things moving around.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yeah. As you know, we pay $1,000 per car in the Tier 3 space and we make $300 a car from the lender in the Tier 2 space. So every time we are shifting that volume, we're taking loan from $1,000 out-of-pocket to $300 in. So yeah, it's good. And you saw that reflected in the other margin this quarter. Our third-party finance net income, which is actually an expense, was actually flat year-over-year with 9% sales growth and that's a direct result of the mix of Tier 3 being a little bit lower.
Thomas W. Reedy: I don't really want – we're not really going to be in a position to get into what we're going to do in future quarters, but I can tell you that our intentions are very much that it's a priority for us to return capital to shareholders, and as we've talked about the last couple of quarters, to move our capital structure towards where there's a little bit more leverage in it. And that is something we're committed to do over the medium to long term. In any given quarter, we might see some bouncing around, because rather than having a trading mentality, we're trying to take a programmatic approach to buying back stock. We've set up a program and we let it run for a period of time. That program's going to have guidelines in it that allows for more share repurchase at lower stock prices and dialing it back as the stock goes up. So – and we just kind of look at it from a longer-term perspective. We'll adjust those parameters as is appropriate going forward, but that's pretty much as much as I can say about it. We had a program in place that dials back at higher stock prices. We saw the stock price increase significantly over the last several months. And as time goes forward, we'll adjust it as appropriate, but keeping an eye on the fact that we do want to keep making progress towards more leverage in the capital structure.
Thomas W. Reedy: I think the two are actually unrelated. We're looking at the subprime test almost as a different line of business with a different pool of credit. And as we've talked about before, we're constantly testing within our core CAF business different pockets of credit, both pricing and what we'll approve on an ongoing basis. And to the extent it makes sense and we keep the profile of the portfolio intact, then we'll roll those things out. As far as the current environment having an impact on that, these are anywhere from five to six-year loans. And I think the results in any one quarter or a couple of quarters aren't going to – aren't anything to go out and swing your credit policy for what you're going to be collecting in five years.
Thomas W. Reedy: The losses are really a combination of how many people are going bad and how many – how well we're doing recovering funds from those loans that have gone bad. And we've had some success in doing a little bit better on the recovery side, but the vast majority of what we're seeing in loss performance is that just fewer people are going bad. And I think that's not inconsistent with what's going on in the lending industry in general right now, at least, at the higher credit level.
Thomas W. Reedy: We try to manage those expenses over time as efficiently as we can. Unfortunately, it's not only our activity that impact that. And so if you think about what's entailed in the finance business, there's a lot of activity contacting customers. If you're in an environment where people are less delinquent and there's fewer losses that – and fewer people not paying, which we are today, that means you're making less calls. It probably needs less resource to do that. If the world changes and you got to pay more attention and be making more calls, that will have an impact on your costs. But I think the team down at CAF has done a great job of getting more efficient in both those types of environments, and we'll try to continue to do so. And as far as Tier 3, as we roll that out, to the extent we roll that out, you would expect that it's a more high-touch business and it would have some impact on CAF's overhead costs. But we're not at a point where we can forecast that for you.
Thomas W. Reedy: I wouldn't really read too much into that much of a lift. But as I've said, we've been in environments where rates are going down. We always want to make sure we're standing with the market; and in environments where we went to – rates going up, we want to be tested as well. So we have been doing some tests with increased rates in certain pockets, but like I said, I wouldn't read much into the difference in the – the weighted average contract is pretty consistent.
Thomas W. Reedy: It's about $15 million. As we talked about at the end of last year, we're comfortable continuing at that pace of about 5% of the Tier 3 originations. I think we're just under $90 million in total originations to-date now.
Thomas W. Reedy: Well, I think you hit the nail on the head. We're going to – it's going to depend on what goes on with rates. As we've talked about before, our ability to manage that spread is very much market-driven. And to the extent we see cost of funds going up with – because benchmarks are moving up, we'll clearly test and see what we can manage that spread to, but it's going to be driven by what the market will bear and what our competitors are doing, and what makes sense for the customer. So it's very hard to speculate on it. We have seen spread compression if you look year over year. We just managed to outgrow that from an income perspective with growth in the portfolio overall, some larger originations in those prior years, and some favorable loss performance the recent quarters.
Thomas W. Reedy: I think the short answer is yes, we do expect there to be greater cost in administration. Now the flipside of that is the announcement last week didn't tell us anything new from what we've been planning for quite some time. As we've expected all along, capital will be subject to the bureau's supervisory authority as a larger participant. The definition of larger participant isn't really that large. It's about 10,000 loans a year in originations. So the vast majority of auto lenders are subject to it. But I think what it means for us is we're going to continue, as we have been, to refine our compliance program and meet the bureau's expectation. We're paying careful attention to industry developments and looking at our practices. Every time we see it, we learn more about what the bureau is interested in and making sure that we're doing our best to comply with what we think they want to see. But in answer to your question, there and going to be some administrative costs around that just, like we expect with the Dodd-Frank Reg AB II. With the extended reporting requirements, it will be a cost of doing business, and we'll let you know what it is if it's material when the time comes.
