William Nash: Okay. Sharon, first, I'll talk about the inventory, and then I'll let Jon talk about the CAF question. So you are right. At the end of the quarter, our saleable inventory is low. But again, that is a function of the fact that we had some COVID and weather shutdowns.  So in the rise in COVID, we had to shut down some production locations. We also had some production locations shut down because of the weather. And so that's really why we're a little bit behind on saleable inventory. At the end of the quarter, I think we were down about 20% on saleable inventory.  I would just point out, though, that if you look at our overall inventory year-over-year, we're actually up a little bit. So we've got the inventory. It's just a matter of producing. In fact, I think we ended the quarter north of 155,000 units.  So it's just a matter of working through that. And we're confident we have the capacity. Now it's just a matter of getting the inventory back to our target. So -- and I'll let Jon answer the CAF question.
William Nash: Yes. So Sharon, on the website, all that you're seeing right now is saleable inventory. We have very little that we put as far as coming soon. What you don't see on there are customer transfers. You don't see the transfers that are going between stores, so say, a hub store and a satellite. You don't see sale pending.  If you took all that into consideration, you actually at least double the number that you currently see on the website. And then, of course, it doesn't include the work in process, which is really what gets you to about the 150,000 total units that we have.
William Nash: Sure. Craig, so first of all, let me just clarify something. It's not that I want to be the largest buyer of used cars from consumers. We're already the largest buyer of used cars from consumers. I certainly want to continue to buy every single one that we can. If I think about the total addressable market, 40 million used cars exchange hands every year. And in that number, obviously, is person to person. So that's how I kind of think about the overall market.  And as far as the online appraisal offer, yes, we're really excited about this. It's exceeding our expectations. On carmax.com, we really got it up kind of middle of February, so we only have the partial month. And obviously, we've been testing, so we have seen some trends before that.  But if I look at the quarter as a whole, the online buys were about 10% of the total appraisal lane buys that we made. And of that, just because we got the carmax.com up towards the end of the quarter, most of those buys came through our relationship with Edmunds. But as I said, just the trajectory of where we see those things going, we think, in very short order, we'll buy more than anyone else online from consumers.
William Nash: All right, John, I'll try to hit all this. You got a lot of stuff in there. First of all, as we've been talking about for several quarters, vehicle acquisition is a strategic initiative that we've been focused on. And to your point, if you look at the supply out there, yes, the supply is probably going down a little bit versus prior years. The great thing for us is that we get such a large amount through the appraisal lane. It really helps to alleviate anything outside of CarMax.  Our focus with the online is to continue to drive as much as we can of buying vehicles right from the consumers, and we see this as a potential to really increase our self-sufficiency, which we think is a huge competitive advantage. And again, it's one of the reasons why we've been focused on it, and we'll continue to invest in here.  Now as far as Edmunds goes, look, the online piece of Edmunds, that's only a small piece. It's only a small benefit of the whole transaction. That's not the reason that we have decided to acquire Edmund. It absolutely has been a successful partnership on that piece of it, and we think there's a lot of opportunity to still do on the acquisition.  But there's other components. We've been working with the content, for example. There's other things at Edmunds that we feel like having the 2 companies come together will take 2 great companies and strengthen both of them.  So self-sufficiency and buying through the A lane, increasing that, whether it be through online or through the traditional A lane is absolutely a focus for us going forward.
William Nash: So John, the way I think about it is more on the self-sufficiency side. First of all, whether it's a retail or a wholesale car, we want them all. But I think -- when I think about from a self-sufficiency side, we've been somewhere in the, let's call it, 35% to 50% self-sufficiency over the, let's call it, the last 5 years.  I would expect this to take us to numbers that really are historic highs, if not kind of breaking the ceiling on the self-sufficiency. So our goal is to continue to see how far we can push that number on the north side.
William Nash: Yes. So Seth, I'll talk a little bit about kind of the extent of the test, and I'll let Enrique just talk about the focus here. But -- so as I said in the comments, we did expand the test. We have the test in a bunch of stores.  Now I would say that we never would -- will expect to do this in all the stores. It just doesn't make sense. And we know the differences between markets and different stores, and the elasticity is very different in different markets.  So as I've said in the opening remarks, we're going to continue with this into the first quarter, but we're going to monitor the macro factors. And obviously, there's a lot going on right now as far as from a macro standpoint. We talked a little about, in John's question, that the -- a lot of supply has tightened up a little bit. You've got some things going on, on the new car side as far as new car availability. You -- we've got tax refunds that are going that have been delayed and kind of pushing into March. You've got stimulus money out there. So there's a lot of different things kind of going on.  Also macro factors, you have to watch. You just continue to monitor what your competitors are doing. And whether that's their sales price or their margins, you have to take all that in consideration. So we'll continue with these.  Like Enrique said earlier, we're pleased with them. But I'll turn it over to Enrique and let him just expand on some of the profitability stuff.
William Nash: Yes. I think it's a great question, Seth. Just because of those macro factors, we generally -- we get reads on these very quickly. Like I said, we got to read it. We like the results. But again, we've got to see how the rest of this quarter shapes up from -- it's more of the macro factors versus kind of internally. So I would stay tuned on that. I think we'll probably have an update on that in the -- on the Analyst Day in May.
William Nash: Great, Brian. I'll let John talk about the CAF in just a moment. I can't believe it's taking us like 5 or 6 questions for somebody to actually ask about the sales performance, but I appreciate you asking.  Look, if I think about March, as I said in the opening remarks, it's robust. And actually, it's a great -- March has been a great month for us. It's been a record month for us. We've sold more than 100,000 cars in the month of March for the first time in the company's history.  And I would tell you, it doesn't really make sense to think about comps this year versus last year just because of the COVID impact. The way I think about them is we should really be comparing them to March of 2019, so 2 years ago.  March of 2019 was the old record of number of vehicles that we sold. And what I'm most encouraged about is if I compare our March performance this year to 2 years ago, we're seeing double-digit growth on top of that March, which just really speaks to a lot of the things that are going on.  I mean, sure, some of what's going on are macro factors beyond our control. When you think about the pushing of the tax -- some of the tax refund money into March, you think about the stimulus, I absolutely get that, and that's helping drive some of that tailwind.  But we're really excited about the tailwind beyond that. So we're -- as we said in our opening remarks, we're excited about 2021. I think the quarter -- I'm sorry, 2022 -- FY 2022. The quarter, unfortunately, it's just -- it's the ending of a very volatile year for us.  I would just remind everyone. If you go back to FY '20, it was a great year, double-digit top line growth, high mid-single-digit comp growth. We continue that into the beginning of FY '21, up until the point we hit the pandemic. And then since the pandemic has been in place, it's obviously been a very volatile year.  Looking at the fourth quarter, the pandemic also started -- caused some of the volatility at the beginning of the quarter with December. And we talked about that in the last call, we had a big surge in COVID cases. And we had a bunch of markets that went back into lockdown mode.  I'll give you one example. The state of California, which has been typically one of the most restrictive states, limiting occupancy to 20% and 25%, that went back into that mode of 20%, 25% in December. A market like that, what we saw is that occupancy restriction causes that market to perform on average north of 10% worse than the rest of the organization.  So we had that headwind on the occupancy restrictions in December and in January. Both of those 2 months, we had more than 50 stores that were less than 50% occupancy, and that -- less than 50% is difficult for us. You get to 50% above, we can work through that. But just given the traffic that comes into our store, it's hard to manage that.  But that being said, we started out December, negative 4. We're able to do better than that at the end of December. We were still negative. But then coming into January, and if I look at January, it was the most normal, if there is such thing, normal month.  We didn't have tax refund delays. We didn't have bad weather. What we really had to contend with were these occupancy restrictions. And even with the occupancy restrictions, we were seeing comps north of 7% in January, which we feel great about. And I really do think that's continuing some of the trends that we saw in the prior year and our investments coming forward.  Then we get into February, clipping along, and like I said in the opening remarks, we were looking -- even though we started down the hall, we were looking at a mid-single-digit comp, excluding the impact of Leap Day. Now keep in mind, Leap Day last year was a Saturday, and our stores are at the busiest day of the week.  So excluding that, we were at mid-single-digit comp, and then we hit the weather constraints and just the delay of the tax refunds. I think, in February, returns were down about 30% year-over-year. So that's a little bit more color on that. Let me pass it to Jon to talk about the other questions.
William Nash: Brian, one more thing, too. I just want to point out. I talked about the occupancy restrictions. I'm going to knock on wood. But as of right now, although we have about 1/3 of our stores still on occupancy restrictions, the key factor is we only have one store at this point that's less than that 50%. And again, that's an important threshold for us.
William Nash: That's correct. And I think that's the way we should all be thinking about this year. I think, trying to relate comps this year versus last year, I think that's a -- I just don't think that's a good exercise. I think we should relate it back to '19, which was a great year for us, and we sold a lot of cars. And so that's what's really encouraging is that if you look at -- because that March of '19 was the past record, and we beat that by double digits.
William Nash: Yes. So Scot, on the Atlanta, as I said in the opening remarks, the -- we actually maintained the market share in Atlanta. And if I look at the fourth quarter, comps in Atlanta were actually about 6.5%. So we -- again, we're encouraged by that.  And look, we have some older waves that we've rolled out omni that also had comps in the quarter, but then you also -- it gets hard to look at the waves because the waves had some stores that were impacted by weather, some that weren't. So again, Atlanta is kind of the clean look at it.  As far as different things, when we started doing the expanded pricing test and looking at the marketing, a lot of that was from the learnings that we had in Atlanta. So we're starting to -- obviously, we've started to put that out in other markets.  I think the other thing to remember is when we roll new things out, so for example, if you think about self-serve, the first market we put that in is Atlanta. Generally, we roll things there first. So they're always getting things a little bit earlier than everyone else. So that would be the other -- the difference that I would point to as well.  But on the self-serve, again, I just -- we're excited about that because I think the team has done a tremendous amount of work. We -- coming out of the second quarter, we've got 25% of our customers were available to use it. And we think that most of the customers by the end of the second quarter will have that option.
William Nash: Yes. No, it's interesting. We don't really see any big shift in demographics. It's -- it very much mirrors the typical CarMax customer that would come into the store.
William Nash: Yes. So Michael, the self-sufficiency for the quarter was around -- it was a little bit above 40%, 41-ish percent, and that's up from the prior year's fourth quarter, where it was down in the 30s, mid- to -- really kind of mid-30s, around 35% or so.
William Nash: Yes. I mean, I think you bring up a good point. I mean, the more we can buy through the appraisal lane, it obviously is -- it's better from a profitability standpoint. If you think about it, you're not paying auction fees in a lot of cases. In all the cases right now, we don't -- we're not having to transport them from an auction. They're actually at the store.  So we take that's part of how we manage our overall margin. And at times, we'll take some of those synergies, and we'll obviously pass along in prices, which would be really hard for you guys to see. Other times, obviously, we have the option to manage our margin and get to the margin where we want to be. So it's a balancing act, and it's one that we'll continue to take into consideration as well as continuing to look at the macro factors as we go forward on our pricing test.
William Nash: Okay. Rajat, so as far as the sales shift, really, it's hard to quantify, especially break it down between the weather and the delay in tax refunds. I think the best way to think about that is kind of how I talked about it earlier that, coming into February, middle of February, we would have -- excluding the impact of the Leap Day, we would have been running about a mid-single-digit comp. And obviously, that's not where we ended up. So that's one way to think about.  We ended up at negative 2, 3. That's one way to think about the weather and the taxes combined, but it's really hard to parse out. And it's hard to know exactly, obviously, how much is impacted.  So as far as the alternative delivery, just to remind everybody, alternative delivery is both home delivery, but it's also express pickup or curbside pickup. That's still -- we're seeing still -- it's under 10% of overall delivery. And again, that's a number, while we have reported out on it, it's one that -- it's not like we're trying to drive that.  Again, this is all about giving the customer the experience they want. If they want home delivery, great. If they want to pick it up in the store, great. So -- but to answer your question, it's about -- it's under 10% of the overall.  I think the other thing, Rajat, is the thing that I introduced, which is the online sales. That's kind of a new way, a new metric that we're -- we talked about on this call. And obviously, in May, we'll have more on these metrics. But 5% of our customers essentially did the whole transaction online. And then to us, we don't care how they get it fulfilled, whether it's in the store or if it's at-home. And we expect that 5% to continue to go up.
William Nash: Yes. So I mean, obviously, it's having an impact. Again, it's like the weather and the tax delay refund. It's hard to gauge. But I think the thing that we're excited about is you've got different ranges, and it's not an exact science.  But we just feel like the increase that we're seeing is beyond the stimulus. It's beyond the weather rollover. It's beyond the delay in tax refunds. And it really speaks to all the investments that we've been making on so many different fronts. And that's what we're excited about.
William Nash: And Rajat, the only other thing that I would add to that is if all we were focused on this year was continuing our -- improving our omnichannel experience, you would have seen a cost of -- a bend in the cost curve from an SG&A standpoint. But to Enrique's point, now is the time to continue to invest, and we're investing in all different parts of the business. So -- which is also why Enrique said, you got to look at the kind of the two year 5% to 8% in order to lever. So I just wanted to add that as well.
William Nash: Yes. Rick, it's hard to know when the new car supply is going to continue to ramp up. I mean, they're obviously facing some major chip shortage. I think the supply -- the tightening of the supply is going to be around here for a while.  That being said, I go back to some of my earlier comments, which is we source a lot of vehicles through our appraisal lane. And the more that we do that, the better it is for the organization. So we don't rely on the wholesale supply for all of our inventory, which -- I feel like there's plenty of supply out there. You've got to work a little bit harder, but I would add on top of that is because we're buying so much to the appraisal lane, it doesn't really have that much of an impact on our business, other than it could cause the overall sales price -- the average sales price to go up for everyone.
William Nash: Yes. I mean, thanks for the question, Chris. It's hard to say if it's going to stick. This is very fluid environment. We're always looking to optimize the platform clearly. Clearly, it's a very positive credit environment in which we're operating right now, but I think our lenders are in this for the long haul. They see the growth potential there. So we will work with them carefully and assess if the fee structure is correct. We don't expect it to whipsaw back and forth quarter after quarter, but we will keep a careful eye on it.  Again, one thing I want to drive home is, again, our structures with our partners, we have many partners in place. They provide the quality offers that we are able to give our customers in all the economic times, bizarre economic times and good times as well. So they have been critical to the success that we have had over the years, including the Tier 3 space, where we believe that is truly an incremental sale.  So we value them. We work very carefully with them to make sure that everybody is winning in this platform, and we're poised for growth. So we feel real good about our platform right now.
William Nash: Thank you, Carol. Look, we've covered a lot today. A few takeaways. One, we feel great about the trajectory of the business and the outlook for fiscal 2022. We think that the past investments, our current investments, our ability to quickly innovate, innovate on things like the online appraisal, innovate on things like self-serve, that it will create an omnichannel experience and a value proposition that's really unrivaled in the car industry and will allow us to capture an increased market share.  We're excited about the Edmunds acquisition and working with that talented team to make both companies stronger.  And finally, I look forward to our Analyst Day on May 6 to dive a little bit deeper into the business and discuss new metrics and share how we're thinking about the future.  I also just want to take a moment to thank all of our associates for their contributions. This past year, it was extremely challenging for everyone, and our associates did a remarkable job of not only taking care of each other and the customers, but really helping us to innovate the company forward. And I'm tremendously proud of all their efforts. And I'm proud to work with all of them.  And finally, to all of you on the call, we appreciate your continued support at CarMax, and we look forward to talking with you again at our Analyst Day on May 6.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. It's important to remember as well that we buy cars better than anybody. We always have and we'll continue to do so. All we're doing now is that we're extending that to online. So the combination of in-store and online, we're just going to continue doing that better than anybody.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, absolutely. So it's important to remember, we're solving for 2 things, right? We're solving for driving increased sales to lower prices. But at the same time, we're also driving for increased profitability.  And what we've seen in this test is really 2 things. One is the same level of sales elasticity. However, what we've seen is greater profitability flow-through, and there's really kind of 2 reasons why we've seen that greater flow-through.  Number one is higher finance income, so CAF originations much more profitable in this environment as well as the renegotiated third-party finance fees. And the second is just lower variable costs as we migrate towards our CECs.  And so we've been really pleased with the results. We've seen, again, increased sales and increased profitability. So we expect to continue to test and, as Bill mentioned, while also watching the macro environment.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. The way we think about it now is absolutely the right time to invest in growing our business, and that's the path forward that we've been taking. The industry and CarMax, we're at an inflection point, so we believe investment is the right point in time is now.  I think it's also important to recognize that the investments we're making are also impacting our appraisal and our wholesale business, which we have focused some of our investments on, and we'll be talking about that in the upcoming Analyst Day. We'll speak to think -- we'll speak to how we think about SG&A in light of these investments at a really growing multiple components of our business, not just our used unit business.  I would look specifically. To answer your question, the other line in SG&A. That actually is where you'll find some of our strategic investments, and we expect that line will go up. It has been offset over the past year and will continue to be offset by efficiency gains that we have across the business and that we're always focused on, but that line item specifically tags to our strategic investments as well around technology.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. We do anticipate that we'll be reporting Edmunds as an operating segment, so you'll have a view into, certainly, the revenue, which we announced today, what their last year's revenue was as well as profitability. What I'd tell you, though, is if you take a step back from an impact accretiveness, dilution impact upon the transaction, it's really immaterial to CarMax in the immediacy. What I'd tell you is that we expect to create a significant amount of shareholder value creation from the acquisition, and we expect that to start in fairly short order as well.  We have been partnering with Edmunds and the great people there for over the past year at this point, so we are really familiar with what benefits we can both accrue from our relationship. And we decided to exercise our option and pull the full acquisition, largely because we've seen the benefits over the past year of our partnerships.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Sure. Yes. So the metric that I'll point you to, again, is that reserve divided by receivables, it's 2.97% for this quarter. Remember, coming down from 3.17% the previous quarter. Remember, also in that metric is the Tier 1 allowance, the Tier 3 allowance and the required recovery expense for CECL.  So I would say we're still north of what we consider normal times. We've always quoted 2% to 2.5% for the Tier 1 business. Obviously, again, you get that Tier 3 in the recovery in there. But we're still north of it. And I would point you that 2% to 2.5% for Tier 1 business is probably where we would expect to revert back to when things go back to normal.
Rajat Gupta: Just to follow up on like the 100,000 number for March. Maybe talk about some stimulus and tax refunds shift, maybe some recovery from the poor weather in Texas, some deferred purchases because of that. Like is there any way to quantify how many of those 100,000 units may have been a shift from Feb to March as you have seen in any other normal year? And just like just -- could you give us a sense of the mix of alternate delivery channel volumes in the fourth quarter and in March as well? And I have just one more follow-up.
Rajat Gupta: Got it, got it. That's helpful. And then just on the SG&A line, you talked about increased investment. The overhead cost bucket moved higher sequentially. Our understanding, based on some comments on like previous earnings calls, were like there were some permanent reductions that took place there. So just curious on how we should think about that line item specifically going into fiscal 2022 and beyond. What kind of investments are going on there? Like how much is fixed versus variables, et cetera? Just any color on that would be really helpful.
Rajat Gupta: Got it. That's super helpful. And then if I could just squeeze in one more on the Edmunds. You talked about like neutral from an accretion standpoint, including like the financing and the equity, I guess. Any way to think about like just like gross profit or like EBIT contribution from the deal? Will you be reporting that? When will that go in effectively? Or will it just be a separate line item or something? Just any color on that would be helpful. That's all.
