Thomas J. Folliard: Good morning and welcome to our first quarter conference call. Despite the difficult economic conditions, we are pleased to report some signs of improvement in our fiscal 2010 first quarter results. While it is difficult for me to call negative 17% used unit comps an improvement, it was certainly a sequential step in the right direction after a negative 26% comps in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009.  The majority of this improvement was due to better sales execution, although traffic did increase modestly during the quarter. Given the weak environment and the fact that we have temporarily suspended store growth, we are focused even more on enhancing our execution, both in the store and with leads generated online. Regarding cash, we complete a $1.0 billion securitization in April. As projected, we took a CAF [CarMax Auto Financing] adjustment this quarter related to higher funding costs. This was partially offset by a positive movement in market valuations on our sub bonds. We had no material adjustments related to any of our loss assumptions. Keith will give you some more detail in a few minutes on CAF. Now let me review some of our key financial results. First, sales:  In the first quarter total sales decreased 17% to $1.83 billion compared with $2.21 billion in the first quarter of fiscal 2009;  Used vehicle revenues decreased 15% for the quarter due to the combination of a 13% decrease in unit sales and a 2% decrease in average selling price;  Year-over-year we saw a recovery in SUVs as a percentage of sales. SUVs increased by approximately 7% whereas compact and mid-sized cars and trucks decreased by about 5%;  Wholesale revenues decreased by about 29% as units fell by 25% and average selling price declined by 6%; While our appraisal traffic remained law our buy rate did improve compared to the first quarter of last year, partially due to improved industry wholesale prices which allowed us to make more attractive offers to customers. On to gross profit: In the first quarter our total gross profit per unit increased by $347 to $2,911 dollars compared with $2,564 in the first quarter of last year; Used vehicle gross profit per unit increased by $259 to $2,001 from $1,742 in the first quarter of fiscal 2009. This was partially a reflection of the abnormally low gross profit recorded last year but other contributors included this year's more favorable wholesale marketplace and the early success of our efforts to shrink reconditioning costs. We estimate the cost reduction in reconditioning was approximately $100 per car. Wholesale gross profit per unit grew to $904 this quarter from $784 last year, also due to the improved wholesale environment and the continuation of strong dealer-to-car ratios at our auctions. On the CarMax Auto Finance, I'll ask Keith to add some confusion to the results that we reported this morning.
Thomas J. Folliard: On our SG&A, net of the impact of litigation adjustments, first quarter SG&A expenses fell by approximately $22.0 million compared to the first quarter of last year. SG&A expenses fell as a result of a number of factors, including the elimination of costs related to growth such as relocation and preopening, a reduction in advertising expense, and a decrease in variable selling expenses. Net income decreased slightly to $28.7 million from $29.6 million in last year's first quarter. Dilute EPS was $0.13 for both quarters. Let me just summarize by saying that we're pleased with the progress we've made on our key initiatives, including increasing operational effectiveness and reducing waste. We are also pleased with our overall performance during the worst environment our company has ever experienced.  During this time we have been able to maintain our gross profit while still offering great values to our customers. We have reduced advertising expense while still developing some new well-received campaigns, focused on CarMax's superior consumer offer. We have utilized our unique inventory management and car-buying systems to respond quickly to changes in wholesale values and customer demand and aggressively manage our inventory levels accordingly. And we've also continued to reduce overhead to adapt to our temporarily reduced sales level. We are intensely focused on continuing improvement in all of these areas and on making permanent business enhancements that will serve us well in all economic environments. In closing, let me thank all of you for your interest and support of CarMax, but most importantly, I would like to thank our over 13,000 CarMax associates for all that they do every day. Now we would be happy to take your questions.
Thomas J. Folliard: We saw the bill pass yesterday and it's gone through various changes but the bill that looks like it will go through is down to $1.0 billion. It ends at the end of September. The average incentive is around $4,000. So I think the amount of potential impacted sales has come down pretty significantly. But in our history, when there have been incentives that have driven consumer demand and brought people out into the marketplace, we have historically benefitted. If you go back to the zero-zero-zero promotion after 9/11, it drew a bunch of people into the market. Some of those people found out that the incentives didn't work quite right for them. We ended up having the best positive comp we've ever had in the history of the company, at positive 29%. And then the next big incentive that worked was the employee pricing a couple of summers later. And I think many folks thought that we would suffer because of that incentive but when consumers are driven into the marketplace, I think many are driven out there that think this incentive might work for them but then they get excited about buying a car and our history has been we've benefited from any incentive that has driven consumers into the marketplace.
Thomas J. Folliard: You know, one of the difficulties that we've talked about is how kind of sketchy the data is around market share. We actually only have data through April so we don't even have data yet through the quarter. The reason we had it at the end of the first quarter is because there is a big delay for our year-end announcement so therefore we had it through February. In this case we only have it through April. And it's so volatile, we're going to move towards talking about market share on an annual basis. I will tell you, however, that we have seen some positive signs in the data, with an indication that we grew some share in April. But I hesitate to put a lot of reliance on this because the period covered is just too short. And so there's just a lot of inherent volatility around short-term data. And going forward, we're going to talk about market share on an annual basis.
Thomas J. Folliard: I'll comment on the service revenue. It's really largely consumer-driven. We haven't been running like an aggressive campaign to drive additional service revenue. The fact that our service revenue is up is I think is a combination of maybe some people keeping their cars a little bit longer and the fact that we have more capacity in our stores because of our lower sales volume. So, that makes a difference in getting people in for an appointment. If somebody calls for an appointment and you can't see them for five days or somebody calls in and you can see them right away, then that makes a difference in your revenues.
Thomas J. Folliard: I really couldn't say on that. It doesn't feel like outperformance to us when we continue to run negative comps. So I think the fact that used cars are performing less bad than new cars, I guess is a plus. But there's a lot more used cars sold. It's a lower price range. I think there are some indications that some people who maybe would have bought a new car are buying a used car but when new car run rates right now hit a half million, there's just not as many customers out there buying cars to begin with. So maybe there is a little bit of a shift but again, both used and new are negative.
Thomas J. Folliard: It's really difficult to project volumes. You saw our volumes in wholesale were down more than our volumes in retail and that's driven by not only do we have less improvement in conversion of our customer traffic, the traffic was still down a little bit more. So that kind of translates into our appraisal traffic. But we've also seen our appraisal traffic not really pick up like our retail traffic has. So I think that's another indication that consumers are keeping their cars longer.
Thomas J. Folliard: Right now we are focused on execution, we are focused on expense, we are focused on eliminating waste, we are focused on taking costs out of our reconditioning process. We are intensely focused on improving the customer experience to make some positive movement on our competitive advantages.  In terms of restarting growth, we really want to see a trend that we can believe in over a longer period of time. I couldn't give you an estimate of what that time is but we want to see sales pick up and we want to see them stay up and we want to be confident in that trend. And I think we want to see some more clarity around the credit markets as well. So, it's a number of different factors; we don't have like a set line in the sand that says when we cross this we're going to start growing stores again.
Thomas J. Folliard: I don't know if you'd consider Pontiac a major brand. For us it's a tiny, tiny percentage of sales and I think it will be picked up by other stuff, so we won't notice. And just the fact that the brand is eliminated doesn't mean that there are still not used cars out there to be bought and sold. And we 're going to buy and sell whatever the consumer wants to buy. And I don't think the elimination of Pontiac could have any impact on us whatsoever.
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, remember I said some of it was because we had a kind of a bad quarter last year. It's actually sequentially down slightly from the fourth quarter. And we're always going to manage our margins and kind of in what we think is in the overall best interest of the shareholders. I can't tell you if that's really sustainable for the year because we would move it if we felt like it would drive sales. You know, we've been in a pretty challenging environment in terms of depreciation and then appreciation we've seen over the course of this year, and we felt like we had the opportunity to make some margin and not have to drive margin down to drive sales coming out of the fourth quarter.  So in terms of its sustainability, we'll manage it as we go, like we always do.
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, like I said, we're going to manage it as it goes and if you're keeping score at home, it's actually the third quarter in a row of good margins. But I just think it's a testament to our ability to manage our inventory and our superior car-buying process and analytical models and our ability to really gauge consumer demand and manage our inventory turns. It's the third consecutive quarter that we've improved our turns year-over-year. Obviously if you turn your inventory faster it gives you the opportunity to make a little bit more margin, so not only did we raise our inventory during the quarter, but again, we improved our turn. So I think in the most volatile market we've ever seen, over the last three quarters, each of those quarters we've improved our margins year-over-year and we've improved our turns year-over-year. So I think it's just a testament to the inventory management model and how aggressively focused we are on that.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, I am, as long as we believe that that will help us drive incremental sales. And we have felt over the last few quarters that our ability to maintain margin has not hurt our sales, and that we have been passing on great prices to our consumers as well. But another way to think of it is that some of the savings we got has allowed us to maintain some of that margin but I feel like the consumers have still benefitted because we turn our inventories so quickly.
Thomas J. Folliard: We have a really big customer base, especially in our older stores. And we probably do more service on a per-store basis than people realize. And I do think that folks are tending to hold their car a little bit longer. And remember, more than half of what we sell, we sell an extended warranty on, which they can get those cars serviced at our store. So just with the extra capacity I think it is showing up in our revenues.
Thomas J. Folliard: Sure. We were a little nervous about that, the bankruptcy both on Chrysler and General Motors and we had made some movements in our inventory during the end of the fourth quarter, beginning of the first quarter, in anticipation for perhaps where consumers decided that they wanted to buy Chryslers. But I can tell you that since it's happened, we have seen zero impact, on residual values or sales, for us. Chrysler was about 20% of our total sales and it's still about 20% of our total sales. And we've seen very little impact at all in the residual values.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, it probably would but that's a tiny percentage of our sales, so it's not as impactful as you might think.
Thomas J. Folliard: It's a very small percentage of our sales to begin with so no. And it doesn't matter when the turn in prime is, they always go to auction in volume. So it'd be nothing new for them to go to the auction in volume. The only difference would be they would have higher mileage, which would drive the price down, and if we were to buy them, it is more of a commodity than other product and we have historically made less margin on those cars. But again, it's a very small percentage of our sales.
Thomas J. Folliard: Thank you very much for joining us. And one more thanks to all of our CarMax associates who have allowed us to not only to survive in this environment but to outperform the competition as well.
Keith Browning: We previously announced the first quarter earnings at CAF would be negatively impacted by higher funding comps of between $60.0 million and $85.0 million related to the $1.2 billion outstanding in the warehouse facility at fiscal year end.  However, due to significantly improved credit spreads recently evidenced in the market for sub bonds, the adjustment totaled approximately $58.0 million, slightly below the bottom of this previously estimated range. In addition, we recorded a favorable mark-to-market adjustment on the bonds we held from securitizations completed in calendar of 2008 of approximately $12.0 million. This adjustment, combined with others, principally a decrease in prepayment speed assumptions, resulted in an overall favorable adjustment of over $17.0 million. Current period CAF income decreased from last year due to a variety of factors, including higher estimated warehouse credit enhancement levels and facility funding costs that we will expect will be required when we renew or replace this facility in July; CarMax's lower sales; CAF's lower penetration; and a higher discount rate assumption. During the quarter we continued to slow the overall rate of CAF originations by routing more credit applications to our third-party lenders, as well as tightening standards for some consumer segments. Although this strategy had a modestly negative impact on comparable store sales, we believe it is imprudent to operate at a lower origination rate until we have more clarity in those credit market trends. At May 31, [2009], we had $636.0 million of capacity utilized in the warehouse facility. Now I will turn the call back over to Tom.
Keith Browning: The capacity, as we've indicated at the enhancement levels of our last public deal was something that is not sustainable for the long term. We could certainly continue to originate for the next year. It's one of the reasons why we have dialed back our originations and why we have made adjustments in our overall origination strategy and done some credit tightening.  So like I said earlier, we are optimistic that the market is moving favorably but we are holding back just to make sure that we can ride it out and that we can continue to keep CAF running.
Keith Browning: Part of it is that we did adjust pricing over last year and we're getting the benefit of a little bit better margin on some of our warranties. We have initiated a CAF product that started late in the quarter that is adding a little bit of value there. And then service revenues, as we talked about, are up and that's a stronger gross profit margin.
Keith Browning: Quite honestly, we hope it does. We hope that we can get the enhancements down and that the market continues to improve by the time we actually lock in something. But as I indicated, the enhancements are as much of that as the increase in cost. And so, we'll tell you when we get it done but right now I don't know.
Keith Browning: My only response to that is the market on sub bonds moved dramatically over just a few weeks. So really timing can make a difference on this, but we'll see.
