Enrique Mayor-Mora: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. As Bill noted, we drove another quarter of sequential improvement in year-over-year performance across our business and our P&L. Notable areas of improvement included used in wholesale unit sales and their respective margin dollars, total gross profit, CAF contribution, SG&A leverage and EPS. Third quarter net earnings per diluted share was $0.52 versus $0.24 a year ago. Total gross profit was $613 million, up 6% from last year's third quarter. Used retail margin declined by 1% to $398 million with lower volume, partially offset by a slightly higher per unit margin. Wholesale vehicle margin increased by 7% to $123 million, with an increase in volume and flat per unit margin compared to last year. Other gross profit was $92 million, up 55% from a year ago. This increase was driven by service, which delivered a $33 million improvement over last year with this year's quarter reporting a $21 million loss. The efficiency and cost coverage measures that we put in place towards the end of FY '23 continued to drive improved year-over-year performance in FY '24. Extended protection plan or EPP revenues were relatively flat compared to last year's third quarter. We do not expect to receive profit-sharing revenues in the fourth quarter due to the inflationary pressures our partners have experienced. Third-party finance fees were down $2 million from a year ago, driven by lower volume in Tier 2 for which we receive a fee and higher volume in Tier 3 for which we pay a fee. On the SG&A front, expenses for the third quarter were $560 million, down 5% from the prior year's quarter as we continue to see benefits from our cost management efforts. SG&A as a percent of gross profit levered by 11 percentage points as compared to last year. The decrease in SG&A dollars over last year was mainly due to three factors. First, other overhead decreased by $19 million, this decrease was driven primarily by continued favorability in non-GAAP uncollectible receivables and, to a lesser degree, from reductions in spend for our technology platforms and from favorability in costs associated with lower staffing levels. Second, total compensation and benefits decreased by $20 million, excluding a $3 million increase in share-based compensation. This decrease was primarily driven by our continued focus on driving efficiency gains and aligning staffing levels in stores and CECs with sales. The decrease was also impacted by a lower corporate bonus accrual in the quarter. Third, advertising increased by $5 million. This reflects an increase in per unit spend as compared to last year's quarterly low level of per unit spend and was partially offset by lower units. As we have previously communicated, our expectation is for our full year marketing spend on a per unit basis to be similar to last year. Accordingly, we expect that our per unit spend in this year's fourth quarter will exceed last year's fourth quarter. Entering the fourth quarter, we have now passed the year mark since we initiated our significant cost management efforts. We are well on track to outperform the target we set out at the beginning of the year of requiring low single-digit gross profit growth to lever SG&A for the full year, even when excluding the benefits from this year's legal settlements. That being said, we remain disciplined with our spend and investment levels. Regarding capital structure, we resumed our share repurchase program in October. Repurchasing approximately 649,000 shares for a total spend of $42 million in the quarter. This pace is in line with the guidance we provided last quarter. As of the end of the quarter, we had $2.41 billion of repurchase authorization remaining. In terms of other uses of capital, such as new store openings, we will open four stores in the fourth quarter including two in the New York metro market and one in each of the Los Angeles and Chicago metro markets. We will also open our first stand-alone reconditioning center in the Atlanta metro market. Our extensive nationwide footprint and logistics network continue to be a competitive advantage for CarMax. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jon.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: As Jon had mentioned, a lot of the receivables that we don't see are in our warehouses, right? It's about, what, 60% roughly of what you'll see, are in the securitization data that's public, but there's a good chunk of receivables that are not necessarily public because they're an warehouses there in alternative facilities. And that's really where you see a lot of that tightening. That's blending into the overall loss rate.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: If I miss one, just remind what the question was in terms of where the reductions have been when it comes to compensation, which I think was your first question. It's really been across the board. We've had -- compared to last year, almost a 10% decrease in our head count when it comes to SG&A. And that's been across the board in our CECs. It's been in the business office and the stores and the field sales consultants down as well. So what you're really looking at is tight control of our overhead in compensation, better metric to sales, but also really driving efficiency. We continue to see quarter-over-quarter year-over-year improvements in the efficiency of the omni model. And we've talked about that on two of the three metrics that we track in terms of the impact of omni on total units, so used plus wholesale were more efficient than we used to be at this point. When you look at as a percent of total gross profit, we're more efficient than we used to be versus when we launched omni. And one indicator, we're still not as efficient, but we're working our way there is the omni operating model as compared on a per retail unit basis. Our goal is to be more efficient, but we're not quite there yet. So we feel really good about the progress we're making. And what that really does, that focus on efficiency positions us really well for when sales rebound and they will. And when they do, we do expect to flow through those sales at a stronger clip I think that was one of your questions.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, but the corporate bonus pace within compensation. So very specifically, that was about $5 million in the quarter in terms of favorability.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, we'll provide that guidance in we usually provide that guidance in our Q4 call, and that's what we'll intend to do.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. Thanks for the question, Chris. The seasonal effect is really more related to sales, right, and as sales map, so ESP penetration in dollars. So the only thing we've seen in the past couple of years is really in the fourth quarter where we've seen that profit share from our partners materialized at the end of the quarter. And last year was pretty material. I think it was over $15 million. And so I wanted to make sure we called that out. Just given the inflationary pressures that our partners have seen over the past year, it's just made their profitability a little bit more pinched. And at the end of the day, when we look for profit share, there needs to be a certain amount that they're seeing for us to have that -- to share in that. So what we've anticipated so far for this year is that we will not see that profit share. But again, that's really due to inflationary pressures that our partners are seeing.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: The receivables will tend to sit in our warehouses for between three to six, seven months, right, until the time they then go into the securitizations. And so, that's why you see a little bit of a timing delay, right, between the performance of those two buckets of receivables.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. So a couple of questions there. In terms of the mid-70% SG&A as a percent of gross profit, it's absolutely our next step that we've communicated. We've made material strides in driving efficiency in our business. And hitting that mid-70 is our next school. But in addition to the cost management efforts that we've undertaken, we're also going to require the consumer to return with some strength. SG&A efficiency is also a function of gross profit. And so to hit that in 70%, we are going to need to see some decent gross profit growth as well, but that's absolutely our next step. When it comes to SG&A kind of moving forward, again, we're proud of the material year-over-year reductions that we've been able to deliver. And what I'll point out is that we've done that at the same time that we've improved our customer and our associate experience as we migrate further along in our omnichannel, right? And this focus on efficiency really positions us well for when sales rebound. Now for Q4, it will be a little bit more challenging as we've largely anniversaried over our cost levers. So Q4, I would tell you it will be more impacted by our sales performance in terms of that year-over-year SG&A dollar movement.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, that's going to be very much a function just of our CapEx spend and the depreciation there. But then also when it comes to our technology spend, portion of our technology spend is going to be depreciated, right? And so, you'll see that impact in our D&A.
Jon Daniels: Thanks, Enrique. Good morning, everyone. During the third quarter, CarMax Auto Finance originated approximately $2 billion, resulting in penetration of 44% net of three-day payoffs, which was up from Q2 and relatively in line with the 44.4% observed during the third quarter last year. The weighted average contract rate charged to new customers was 11.3%, an increase of 150 basis points from the same period last year and up 20 basis points from Q2. Tier 2 penetration in the quarter was sequentially in line with Q2 at 18%, but remains lower year-over-year as we have yet to fully comp over the partner tightening observed in the back half of calendar 2022. Tier 3 accounted for 6.9% of sales as compared to 6.1% last year, impacting each of these results as CAF's decreased percentage in Tier 3 as well as the increased test volume in Tier 2. CAF income for the quarter was $149 million, down $3.5 million from the same period last year, but up $14 million sequentially. The provision for the quarter was $68.3 million as compared to $85.7 million in the prior year's Q3. The $17 million favorability was offset by a year-over-year reduction in total interest margin of $20 million, driven by additional interest expense of $81 million. Note fair market value adjustments from our hedging strategy accounted for $6 million in expense this year versus $5 million of income last year. The total interest margin of the portfolio decreased to 5.9% from the 6.1% seen last quarter. This slight reduction is primarily a result of increased funding costs, including the fair market value adjustments along with CAF's deliberate credit tightening that began last year, which inherently removes higher margin, higher loss assets from new originations. CAF continued to offset these headwinds by adjusting customer rates but with a careful eye on three-day payoffs, sales and overall CarMax profitability. We are pleased with our ability to maintain a relatively stable net interest margin despite the volatile interest rate environment. The $68 million provision within the quarter resulted in a reserve balance of $512 million or 2.92% of receivables compared to 3.08% at the end of the second quarter. This 16 basis point reduction has occurred even with CAF's continued investment in the Tier 2 space and is evidence of the growing impact that our broader credit tightening is having on the overall portfolio. While CAF delinquency levels remain elevated versus historic norms, as has been the case industry-wide, we believe our reserve adjustment adequately reflects the anticipated future loss performance of our portfolio. The underwriting adjustments executed to date have been the right strategic moves to ensure we hit targeted loss levels, preserve our access to efficient funding yet still deliver strong future CAF earnings. We are well poised to recapture Tier 1 and Tier 3 volume as economic conditions improve and our continued learning in the Tier 2 space should provide a future growth opportunity. Now I'll turn the call back over to Bill.
Jon Daniels: Yes, Dan, absolutely appreciate the question and fully expected it. So first, let's start on the provision piece. Our provision in the quarter is going to be made up of two components. It's going to be our change in outlook on the losses that we expect on the existing book of business versus what we set at the end of Q2. Second, it's going to be the required reserve on losses on the new originations. So let's touch on the first piece. What I can tell you is if you look at our expectation at the beginning of Q2 and what we observed on that existing book of business over the course of Q3, there hasn't been a lot of change. Let's talk about the actuals and what we have observed because you referenced that. We publish on a monthly basis, our securitizations and how they're performing. It's important to note that that's about 60% of our receivables. We have a lot of stuff that has not yet been securitized. We've also mentioned that's been tighter. But what you see out there in the securitizations, we certainly observed two separate books of business there. The pre-COVID and the early COVID stuff that came in markedly lower than our target, well below the 2% to 2.5%. We knew that was going to come back into more normalized levels, and that's what we're seeing on the new stuff. We've also said that we believe there's front-loading occurring. If you look at those newer securitizations, especially in like the '21, 3, the '21, 4, the early '22 stuff, there is a clear curve difference in when the losses come in. We think its front loaded. All of that was contemplated when we set a reserve at the end of Q2. So largely, this first component of the provision did not -- there wasn't a major adjustment that we had to make, which means at the end of the day, our provision is primarily made up of our new originations, and we talked about this. Our new originations are significantly tighter. There's very limited Tier 3 volume, there's a test amount in Tier 2. And then our Tier 1 stuff, we've even been tightened there. So on that roughly $2 billion. It's a tighter book of business. It's a lower amount of overall loss. It's a relatively modest required provision, and that is the bulk of the Q3 provision.
Jon Daniels: For those -- for the securitizations we have today because, again, we have the luxury of breaking that down by sub-segment by different pockets. And we right now do not see anything above the 2.5%. Again, that's -- and again, that's a target. Yes. Not saying the inning is going to come above there. If something came up at 2.5%, 2.55% at the end of the day, we will reserve for it accordingly. It will be what it is. But no, right now, we do not see that. And I think the only other point I'll make is, again, this is what has been securitized to-date. Bear in mind, and I think you're well aware of this, Seth. It's four, five, six months before it ends up in a bulk of our tightening has absolutely occurred over the last year. So I fully expect as that stuff hits the market, you're going to see clearly the evidence of the tightening that we have done over the last year.
Jon Daniels: Sure. Yes. I appreciate the question, Rajat. Yes, I think that's a fair thought, right? I mean we signaled a couple of quarters ago that we felt like that 6% range was about where we're going to level off. Remember, we're coming off of relatively historic high. So, we've been pleased that our ability to pass this rate along to the customer. Obviously, there was a shock in the interest rate market. So said it was coming, those higher interest rates were coming and it clearly has helped us to level off. So, we're pleased where we sit right now. And I think we would anticipate stabilizing at this level. Obviously, all bets are off with where the Fed heads, hopefully, rates aren't going up. If they remain stable, we think we're in a good spot. If they come down and turn down as a reminder, typically rate increases lag when rates go up and rate decreases lag when rates come down. So hopefully, potentially, we could enjoy some added margin on the way down. But right now, I think we're in a stable spot.
Jon Daniels: Sure. Yes, I'll take that one, Chris. Yes, really, our warehouse lines provide that short-term funding until we take it to an ABS market or we look at other instruments to do a more permanent funding solution there. But our conduit lines right now primarily hold the newest assets until we take them to the market. So you've got -- this quarter stuff is going to sit there. Last quarter stuff is going to sit there. Let's call that $4 billion. There could be some spillover as well. So as we've mentioned, we've done significant tightening certainly from the Tier 3 and Tier 2. But if we isolate the Tier 1, we've tightened in the Tier 1 space. we would absolutely expect those Tier 1 assets to perform better than what's in the securitization. Again, all of it, we think it performs very well. But from a loss perspective, in particular, that conduit stuff is going to be a lower loss than what you're seeing in the most recent securitizations.
Jon Daniels: Sure. Yes. I think that really comes down to volume. I mean, we're obviously a ton of sales CAF continues to originate $2 billion a quarter. We look at the securitization market and we try and match the amount of the volume that we put into each deal with the demand that's out there, obviously, with our growth. We're doing about $1.5 billion each deal times four deals. We're originating about $8 billion. That has great a year. That has grown over time. So therefore, naturally, it has to sit a little bit longer than the warehouses. I don't think it's anything unique going on there. It's just purely a timing thing.
Jon Daniels: Sure. Yes. So just to touch on the provision once again. Again, two main components. It's any change, we believe in the existing book of business versus what we had reserved for in the preceding quarter and then the new originations. The way I think about that is, let's take the second one first. New originations, we did $2 billion this year. There's a piece of Tier 1, Tier 2, Tier 3 business. We've cited Tier 3 is limited. Tier 2 is in test volume. Tier 1 is the bulk of it. You sign an anticipated lifetime loss rate plus the cost to recover from a repossession standpoint, which is relatively small, but a sign up an overall expectation of the $2 billion. That's one piece of your provision. And then, it's a function of how well we've reserved for it from the preceding quarter. As we mentioned this quarter, we felt like we've done a good job. Nothing we saw within the quarter performance suggested we were materially off -- and so that's how you ended up with $68 million. So, I think you've got to bifurcate those two pieces and that's how you set your provision each successive quarter.
Bill Nash: Yes. Great. Thank you for the questions, Brian. So yes, we are pleased with the wholesale growth. I think it's a combination of factors. I think one, there's a little bit of year-over-year dynamics playing in last year, given where we were, given where we saw sales, things that were going on in the marketplace, we actually pulled back on our offers. So I think you've got a little bit of that reflecting in kind of the year-over-year growth. But I also feel really good about the innovation on the product side of things. So when you think about Max offer, one of the things with Max offer, we completed this quarter the rollout of our instant offer component of it. We still had a few markets that did not have instant offer, which meant they had to take pictures of vehicles and then get a value. Now they have the option to just not take pictures, if they want to take pictures, they still can. So that's some of the innovation there that I think that helps. So we feel really great about the innovation. And as we go forward, it will probably be dependent more on what's going on in the market dynamics, that kind of thing at any given time. As far as kind of the quarter and just outlook -- look, obviously, the industry is still challenged, and everybody knows that. And obviously, our business isn't where we want it to be. But I do think there's some encouraging signs out there. I mean besides the fact that we have continued to have sequential improvements we saw a lot of depreciation this quarter, really steep depreciation. And while that causes some headwinds on in the near term, and it's going to cause some headwinds just in wholesale a little bit and even on the retail side. It's a short-term thing, and I think it benefits the overall used car industry, and it will benefit us because that will continue to come out on front-lit prices. You saw we're about $1,300 down this year, year-over-year on sales prices. From an acquisition standpoint, it was more like $1,500, but we had some mix adjustment stuff in there. So again, I think the steep depreciation is good. Interest rates if they at least stabilize, I think that's great. I think it's great for the business. I think that will help. And if they come down, I think that will be kind of extra icing on the cake. Another thing that I would point to is our market share. October, which is the latest period that we've gotten market share data on is the first month that we've actually comped our market share year-over-year. So I think that's encouraging. And then the other thing I would tell you is -- we've talked before about just comps and where the sales might be going. And we've done some analysis with one of the credit bureaus just trying to understand of the customers that apply for a loan through CAF, where do they go? And it seems like from the analysis we've done, there's a lot of customers that just once they decide they're not buying, they're not buying. So it's almost like there's a -- maybe hopefully, there's some pent-up demand that I think we'll see as the market comes back. So again, I think while there's some signs of encouragement, yes, the industry is still challenged. We're encouraged by that. And I think taking all that into consideration, also just bearing in mind, this whole time we've been working on cost control, becoming more efficient, having better experiences for our customers and our associates. I think all that plays well to into the future. So hopefully, that's helpful.
Bill Nash: Yes. Well, thank you for the question, Craig. Well, first of all, I think we kind of have to separate AI versus generative AI because AI has been around a long time. We've been leveraging it for a long time in a lot of different aspects of the business. And when we talked about it most recently at the day that you're referring, it was really more generative AI. And I think at some point, folks will be embracing generative AI. I think the early adopters are the ones that get the benefit in the near term. And as you referenced, I mean, we're leveraging in a lot of different spots. We're leveraging in our creative. We're leveraging it in our coding. We're working on some generative AI assistance on a knowledge base for our CECs, which we think is going to be really powerful. We're leveraging it on a conversational search. We've got some tests going on right now where instead of typing in key search things, we can actually do conversational search with consumers. So again, I don't -- I think it's one of those things that's kind of going to be at the end of the day, you just need to have it. And if you don't, you're going to be at a disadvantage. So, I think those that embrace it earlier actually get an early benefit of embracing it.
Bill Nash: Yes, Rajat, I just would add. Look, I think Jon has done a good job of kind of saying, look, we expect to be in this range. We said we were 6, 1 in the last couple of quarters, give us a little wiggle room depending on what the cost of funds in here, it's down a little bit, but it's really reflected the cost of funds. So I think the way we think about it is it's really no change in story, as Jon said.
Bill Nash: Rajat, this is Bill. I'll take the first part. Enrique, you take SG&A. As far as, look, if you look at our staffing, I think for this whole year, we've been fairly stable. Like Enrique said, we're down about 10%, but head count total has been fairly consistent to the last few quarters. And I think we've really put ourselves in a position that we can be very nimble here. So depending on what happens with the business, if the business picks up. We feel really good about where we are from a staffing-wise, we can manage hours that kind of thing. If the business took a downturn for some reason, we also feel like we have some flexibility. So I think we've really kind of given ourselves a nimbleness that we feel good about going forward. And then I'll pass to you.
Bill Nash: Look, I don't think I'd be hard pressed to say that I think we'll get back to the 2019 levels. I do think there's plenty of room -- back 2019, I think average sales price was 20,000. This period, it was a little over 27,000 and I think it's -- we'll get back down hopefully in the low 20s, low 20s or so, maybe mid- like 25 or so, all of those are better than where they are today. And we already see kind of year-over-year where our under $20,000 cars and our under $25,000 cards, we're making progress there. So we think that's a good sign. But do I think they'll get all the way there. I don't think so, partly because just new cars are becoming more and more expensive. So I think the bigger thing there is what does that gap look like in the future? And then as far as comps go, yes, look, I think the market, it's been a little choppy and from a consumer demand standpoint. If I look at the three months of the quarter, it was choppy. I mean, September was our best month, although it was still negative. October was the lowest month, November was similar to October, although it was a little -- it was better than -- November was better than October, although they were similar. And then December is similar to November, although right now, it's a little bit better. So, I think we're continuing to monitor elasticity, doing the things that we need to do. And I'm hopeful that as we see some of this depreciation manifest itself but on the front line. I think that will be good for the industry going forward.
Bill Nash: Yes. Look, it's a hard question to be able to exactly answer what that needs to be. I think that, again, I think we can get back on to the comp growth without having to get back to 2019. And again, we've seen sequential improvements this year even though the prices haven't come down dramatically from the start of the year. So it's a hard question to answer, Scott. But look, our goal is to get back on to the comp growth. And the reality is if I look at first 10 months of this calendar year, which we have market share data for versus the last six months of last year. We're doing better from a market share standpoint for the first 10 months than we were the last six months of last year, which I think is encouraging. We haven't comped total year-over-year yet because the first half of last year was so strong. But as I said earlier, I'm encouraged by the fact that October is the first month we have month-over-month market share -- a year-over-year market share growth.
Bill Nash: Yes, I'll tell you, John, if you know, I appreciate a call afterwards, and let's talk about it if you know the answer to that. I don't -- right now, I don't foresee there's nothing I can say that would say, okay, tax season is going to be dramatically different than last year. I mean I think in tax season, you expect to sell more cars, I think it will be similar. I think what's going to be interesting is last year, at the beginning of the calendar year. There was really steep appreciation in vehicles. And I think it will be interesting. We aren't counting on that steep appreciation. So it will be interesting to see the year-over-year dynamics of that from a pricing standpoint. But as we sit here right now, we're kind of planning a tax season that was similar to last year because we don't really see any signs that make it dramatically different.
Bill Nash: Yes, Sharon, that's a great question. And -- what you're seeing there is if you look at the average saleable inventory for the quarter, year-over-year, and the average, it's very similar to last year. If you look at the end of the quarter, to your point, it's up. And the reality is total inventory is up a little bit, and it's up in salable versus non-salable. And the reason it's up in salable is because we're planning some production shutdown. If you remember, last year, the holiday fell on the weekend well we don't build cars on the weekend. This year, it falls on a day, both January, but the first and December 25th fall on weekdays. And we want to give our folks time off and be able to join the holidays. So we actually did a little bit of a pre-build early on to make sure that we took in consideration that we want to have the shops closed and give time off for the holiday. So, it's really -- that's kind of what you're seeing. There is a little bit of year-over-year dynamics as well, but that's the bulk of what you're seeing.
Bill Nash: Yes. And generally, historically, Q3 to Q4, your SG&A does go up to the reasons you're pointing, which is more volume, and as Enrique said, volume-driven.
Bill Nash: Yes. Thanks for the question, John. Yes, the within inventory now. Keep in mind, what we sold through the quarter it's more than 50% of that was bought prior to the quarter. So what's in inventory now is stuff that was bought during the quarter, which talked about, there's been some steep depreciation during the quarter, and we're continuing to see depreciation. So that should bring prices down. Keep in mind, though, just to kind of ground everyone in any given year, you need about -- just during the year, you need about $1,500 of depreciation, just to keep your sales prices flat, and that's just because as new cars come out, they're more expensive. So you really don't get much benefit until after you get over $1,500 on an annual basis. So I do -- we do feel while we don't disclose what we think the average price is, it is our inventory -- saleable inventory at this point is cheaper than what was sold in the quarter.
Bill Nash: Yes. No, I think -- look, you're very aware of just kind of the volume that's out there in auctions, especially zero- to four-year-old vehicles. And if folks are looking for that inventory, they got to be a little bit more creative. So, it doesn't surprise me that other folks are doing that. Our zero to four sales actually year-over-year went up a little bit. So, I would -- I mean that's one data point that you have. I think all the dealers are just trying to get vehicles from wherever they can. And that's why I'm excited about some of the product innovation when it comes to things like Max offer. When we talk about sales efficiency, that's just from the consumers we don't add in there, what we're getting from other dealers. And that product skews more retail than it does wholesale. So, it doesn't surprise me that you have an example of that. I think folks that can do things like that, they're going to try to do that. And then, there's a lot of competitors. Let me keep in mind, there's tens of thousands of competitors that sell zero to 10-year-old cars. Some of them don't have that ability.
Bill Nash: Yes. I think on the advertising piece. Look, we're in this for the long haul. And so, we're going to spend money on brand, we're going to spend money on acquisition. Keep in mind, and we're trying to think about in the new year, how to talk about advertising. When we talk about advertising, keep in mind, that's advertising for sales, that's advertising for buy, that's advertising on Edmond. So all along, we've said, hey, we're going to spend more in the back half of the year, but it's going to be similar on a full year basis. And so we're actually executing it. Now I don't want you to think that we're just like going in advertising. We're absolutely measuring the ROI. But what you got to realize is sometimes if the ROIs not go on sales, you may shift some to buys or you may shift some to Edmond. So, it just depends on what's going on in a given quarter, but we would expect -- and generally, you spend a little bit more in the fourth quarter because it's -- you've got tax season coming, which is an increase in volume. So that's really what you're seeing.
Bill Nash: Look, we want to acquire all the vehicles, but we're going to do it in a very thoughtful, profitable way. I mean you could -- we could buy a lot more cars, but it wouldn't make sense from a profitability standpoint. So, I think the team has done a phenomenal job, especially given the steep depreciation that we've seen, how they've been able to stay on top of it because that's definitely a short-term headwind.
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, Jamie. Well, I want to thank all of you for joining the call today and for your questions and your continued support. As always, I want to thank our associates for everything they do to how to take care of each other and the customers and the communities. I want to wish all of them a happy holiday season as loves all of you all. And we will talk again next quarter. Thank you.
