Thomas J. Folliard: Thank you, Katharine. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. As you saw, used unit comps for the second quarter grew 16% compared to last year, primarily due to better conversion, as well as a modest increase in traffic. Total used unit sales grew by 21% in the quarter. Total used vehicle gross profit grew by 21%, and used vehicle gross profit per unit of $2,174 was virtually the same as last year. Also, unit sales increased by 10%. This was largely due to a higher buy rates and the growth in our store base. Total wholesale vehicle gross profit increased by 3%, as the 10% growth in units was partially offset by a decrease of $58 in gross profit per unit. Extended service plan revenues rose 23%, reflecting our sales growth and an increase in penetration. CAF quarterly income increased 12% to $84 million. Tom will give you some details on that in a moment. Overall, we had a very strong quarter. Net earnings grew 26% to $140 million and net earnings per diluted share rose 29% to $0.62 a share. With that, I'll turn it over to Tom to talk about financing.
Thomas J. Folliard: So although that was a two-part question, they were 2 very different questions. However, we're going to allow it. But as far as the mix is concerned, we really haven't seen much of a change. If you look at what's happened with new cars than supply, it does feel like we're heading towards an inflection point. But in terms of if you just divide our inventory into 2 big segments: 0 to 4 and 5 to 10, there was very little change in our mix between those 2 segments. As I said last quarter, we saw some movement within 0 to 4, but not as a group. So that was very similar this quarter. In terms of the store mix, we've not changed to what our plans are of 10 to 15 stores. Including this year, we said for the next 3 years. So that's this year and the following 2. What you see in the next 12 months is just a reflection of timing, so it really hasn't changed at all. It's just -- and it will be kind of a higher volume over the next 12 months than the 12-month periods around it -- we haven't changed our projections at all.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, it's pretty much the same. As we talked about last quarter, we have outstanding execution in our stores. We have some good results coming from improved training programs, but, also, we have better consumer offers from our, not only CAF, but our lending partners as well. So they have a little bit more to work with. We have approvals at all-time highs, which has not really changed from last quarter of kind of our global approval rate of all applications that we receive in the store. 90% of applicants are receiving an approval from at least one of those lenders. So it's very similar to last quarter. I think just great execution in the stores, very good offers and our store teams have done a really nice job of getting inventory and getting it ready and getting it up to a very high quality standard, so our customers have a very great selection.
Thomas J. Folliard: In terms of the mix, it's really -- it's actually as a percentage of sales, it's slightly down from last quarter in terms of how we think about that business. We're not controlling that at all. Those -- the lenders that are approving those customers are only seeing those applications after they've been declined by CAF and all of our other lending partners. So as I've said in the past, our view is, at that moment, that is a 100% incremental sale. It's a sale that we wouldn't have gotten otherwise to that consumer did not have an option for credit. So although it's a lower profit deal for us at that moment, we believe it's 100% incremental. And what's been happening over the last few years, as we've said a number of times, it's just our lending partners, again, more and more comfortable with our origination channel. I think they've been more aggressive with their offers to our applicants, and it's been terrific for sales. Each individual deal at the moment that it's approved, we think it's a good decision for us. So we really haven't -- we're not at a level that we're uncomfortable with. And as I said, if you compare it to the first quarter, actually down slightly in this quarter. I don't know if Tom can comment some on the interest rate part.
Thomas J. Folliard: About 16% comps, similar to last quarter. We've always said that in a growth mode, which we're in, we need, we think, mid- to high-single-digit comps in order to begin to get some leverage. So when -- if we're going to be in the mid to high teens, we would expect some leverage. So it's also very good execution. You still have to remain very disciplined in the stores with managing your expenses. And, I think, once again, our store teams did an outstanding job.
Thomas J. Folliard: [indiscernible] dramatically is the transparency of our offer to the consumer is, I think, a critical and very important competitive differentiator for us. And since customers -- since we don't negotiate, there are no incentives in our stores for financing. The customer gets a real clear picture of exactly what their rate is. And if they don't -- if they think they can get better rates, they have 3 days to go pay it off somewhere else. So it's an excellent barometer for us to make sure that we're charging a very competitive rate. But in some regards, we're going to only be able to move as much as the market allows.
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, it hasn't shown up in our rates yet. So -- but this is -- a lot of times, rates are in a longer cycle. We've seen in the past, as rates have gone up, that the market doesn't move up as much and you tend to see some compression. This is no different than normal. And when rates -- when cost of funds goes down, oftentimes, the lenders don't go down as quickly, and you tend to see a little widening of the spread. So if you look back over the years for us, this is kind of normal. When rates go up, you see a little compression.
Thomas J. Folliard: I haven't really thought of it like that. We're only in half of U.S. markets. When we think about a 3-year growth plan of 10 to 15 stores a year, we said roughly half of those stores will be in building back into existing markets. So I haven't really thought of it that way. What we're more thinking about is our long-term growth plan, and how to make the CarMax consumer offer available to customers all over the country. So our goal is to go everywhere. I don't really know what percentage we'll achieve in the stated growth plan of 3 years, which -- of which we're in year 1.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, I'm not sure what you're referring to there on the app rate. Advertising was down in the quarter. Some of that's driven by a higher comp rate. Some of that is timing, some of that as you expect to get a little leverage on advertising as you continue to grow. In terms of the -- what was the last part? Oh, the buy rate, yes, in terms of the buy rate, it was up for the quarter, compared to last year's second quarter. So that helps contribute to that 10% growth in wholesale. And we've always talked about that being a balancing act between buying cars through the appraisal lane, does some of those customers, in turn, buy a retail car from us, and you really can't manage one individually. So we're actually very, very pleased with how the -- how it all came out in total. Nice buy rate increase in, really, what was a depreciating environment, which is a little bit more normal. So if you look at the Manheim index for the summer, we saw some depreciation, which we would normally expect. That we've had a few years where things haven't been the way they normally are. But -- so to see our buy rate tick up a little for the quarter, we are very pleased with that.
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, I talked about them earlier, mostly just on hits. 12 million hits to the website, average monthly visits, that's an all-time high. We obviously continue to see growth through mobile applications, and touchpads, actually, at the end of the quarter, it was the first time for CarMax that more than 50% of all of the hits to the website came from something other than a desktop. So that's a trend that we expect to continue. We don't do a lot of online credit applications. I'm not sure if that's the question you were asking earlier, but that's a very tiny piece of our total at this time.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, it's not really a relevant number. I would guess it's partly the first 2 things: a little bit of mix, a little bit of some depreciation in the quarter, but nothing that we're really spending time thinking about.
Thomas J. Folliard: It's impossible to tell from the ASP, because of all the variation in the mix. I think the easiest way to look at it is our margins were relatively flat to last year. So we have to be tracking somewhat close to the market on a vehicle-by-vehicle basis in order to achieve a flat margin.
Thomas J. Folliard: The only thing I'd add there is, we want to get the best site. So there are some cases where maybe the only thing available is a long-term ground lease. And if it's the best site, then we'll look at the cost and we'll make a decision based on that.
Thomas J. Folliard: And remember, too, oftentimes, we'll make a decision on moving forward with a certain piece of property and then we won't actually have to fund it for 2 or 3 years. So we're not going to make a decision now, not knowing what the circumstances will be 2 or 3 years from now. So then Tom and his team will make whatever the best decision is at that time.
Thomas J. Folliard: All right, seeing no further questions, I want to thank everybody for joining the call today. Thanks for your support and continued interest in CarMax, and thanks to all of our associates, once again, for their dedication and hard work and all they do every day. We'll talk to you next quarter.
Thomas W. Reedy: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everybody. In the second quarter, CAF income was up 12% compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2013, while our average managed receivables increased 24% to $6.5 billion. Consistent with recent experience, the portfolio growth was driven by a continuing strong origination volume, which was supported by the expansion in CAF penetration, CarMax's sales growth and an increase in the average amounts financed. Managed receivables continue to grow at a faster pace than CAF earnings, as the increase in loan volume was offset by continued compression in the spread between consumer rates and funding costs. Credit losses in the quarter were largely in line with our expectations. The allowance for loan losses grew to $66 million or approximately 1% of ending managed receivables, compared to 0.9% in Q2 of FY '13. For CAF, net loans originated in the quarter rose 32% to $1.1 billion, and net penetration was 41% compared to 37% in the second quarter of fiscal 2013. The weighted average contract rate for the quarter's originations was 6.8% compared to 8.1% in last year's second quarter, but that's down only slightly from 7.0% in this year's first quarter. Similar to the first quarter, we experienced higher applicant flow, higher conversion, arising from both more attractive offers and better in-store execution and also greater retention of our finance customers, as 3-day payouts remain at historical lows. We believe our finance offers continue to optimize overall sales and profits for CarMax. And as outlined in the press release, we saw third-party subprime providers accounting for about 18% of our sales in the second quarter, compared to 15% in last year's second quarter. Now I'll turn it back over to Tom.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes. As far as the rate environment up, during the quarter, we didn't see any change in our subprime partners' behavior, vis-à-vis what they were doing in the Q1 or across the quarter. But obviously, if we see significant changes in the interest rates, just like with CarMax Auto Finance, it impacts the overall math of their -- the makeup of their returns, so we would expect them to change behavior in some way. How that would be, we can't tell you until it starts to happen. But at this point, we have no reason to think that they are in the mode of change in their buy behavior.
Thomas W. Reedy: Matt, that as far as consumers' tolerance and our competitors' desire, we're going to have to just keep an eye on that and, through testing and watching our 3-day payoffs and watching what the competitive marketplace is offering, work through that. As far as the funding costs, we've seen them tick up a bit. I still feel like the ABS market is open to it, and we're doing a good job with securitizing. We've done 3 deals this year. We did see spreads tick up a little bit last deal, but not dramatically. As far as benchmarks go, that's why we hedge, as we originate our loans and that's why we have CAF, is looking at the market every week and making their pricing decision. So, I mean, I guess, I can just emphasize it. Our plan is to run a competitive and profitable finance business with an overall eye towards maximizing CarMax's profits and sales. So we can't -- because we're the only person in the Tier 1 space, we can't afford to turn customers off the CarMax at the finance office, so we're always going to make sure that we're competitive. I think we're in a nice position because we are -- we can contest very pretty accurately, because we control our origination channel. And I think that gives us a competitive advantage and ability to stay on top of the market.
Thomas W. Reedy: We really don't look at it as a goal, whether we want to own it or lease it or controlled portfolio. We look at it as the amount of capital we need to commit to execute our opening plan and our Treasury department's going to look and figure out the best way to fund it from a cost and flexibility perspective, depending on what the market offers at the time that we need the capital. At this time point, we haven't had to use any external capital to buy our sites. But if you ask me, all else equal, I'd prefer to own rather than lease our real estate, because it allows you to be the master of your own destiny a lot more.
Thomas W. Reedy: We look at everything from an overall need-for-capital perspective. So our business generates a certain amount of money. We need a certain amount of liquidity for inventory and working capital, and we need capital to fund our growth. The last couple of years, we have not needed to go external for that capital as we look forward, to the extent we would need to go external for that capital. But what I was saying is, whether we're leasing or buying the property, is not a fact -- is a factor, but it's not -- the decision point's not based on a preference to own versus lease. It's based on a preference to get the best cost of fund and most flexibility.
