Jon Daniels: Thanks Enrique and good morning everyone. During the fourth quarter CarMax Auto Finance originated approximately $1.8 billion, resulting in sales penetration of 42.3% net of three-day payoffs, which was down 240 basis points from the same period last year. The weighted average contract rate charged to new customers grew to 11.5%, an increase of 60 basis points from the last year's fourth quarter and 20 basis points sequentially. Tier 2 penetration in the quarter was 18.2%, down from 19.4% observed during last year's fourth quarter. Tier 3 accounted for 8.2% of sales, up 130 basis points from last year, as a partner began to ease previously implemented tightening. Also impacting each of these year-over-year results is CAF's continued decreased percentage in Tier 3, as well as the increased test volume in Tier 2. CAF income for the quarter was $147 million, up $23 million from the same period last year. This improvement was primarily driven by a $26 million year-over-year reduction in the provision for loan losses, slightly offset by a $3 million reduction in total interest margin. Note fair market value adjustments from our hedging strategy accounted for $4 million in expense this quarter versus $1 million of income in last year's fourth quarter. The $72 million provision within the quarter resulted in a reserve balance of $483 million or 2.78% of receivables, compared to 2.92% at the end of the third quarter. This highlights the significant impact that originations under our tightened credit policy are having on the Reserve as they continue to become a larger percentage of the full portfolio. In addition, observed performance within the portfolio aligned closely to our reserve expectations at the end of the third quarter and contributed to the reduction in the reserve. The margin to receivable rate of the portfolio remained steady at 5.9% for the quarter. We remain pleased with our ability to maintain a stable interest margin despite keeping our credit tightening in place. As I noted earlier, CAF continues to test across varying parts of the credit spectrum. Ultimately, CAF is building the capability to scale its participation across all credit Tiers, which will help to capture finance economics, drive sales, and fully complement our valued lending partnerships that are a key foundation of CarMax's best-in-class credit platform. Now I'll turn the call back over to Bill.
Jon Daniels: Sure, Sharon. It's Jon here. I'll take the first one on the loan payment. So historically, our average used car was $20,000 forever. So that translated typically, depending on the interest rate, $400 monthly payment. I think that's a good round number to think about. With the appreciation, you saw really a peak probably hit in kind of later, at calendar ‘22 of about $570, $580. That was -- I think we cited that was primarily driven by that financed amount. I mean, rates were on their way up, but that financed amount really was driving that. So that increase we kind of attributed to maybe an 85-15 split on the financed amount versus the interest rate going up. Now as we've cited, clearly, the vehicle prices are coming down. The financed amount is coming down to some degree and rates are going in the other direction. So we probably say this quarter we probably saw roughly a $525, $530 payment. Still two-thirds of that driven by that vehicle price still higher. Now the rates are a bigger contributor, but hopefully that gives you some perspective on how affordability has improved to some degree. Still a bit of a shock to a consumer that's used to a $400 monthly payment coming in at a $530 monthly payment. They're going to have to figure out how they work that into their budget going forward, but that hopefully gives you some context.
Jon Daniels: Yes, appreciate the question. I mean, certainly, I think that's the benefit of our platform, right? CAF is able to tighten, and it's able to slow down to partners that are willing to -- maybe they're going to ask for a little more money down, it's going to be a little bit higher rate. But they are going to have the option to buy, and we see people get picked up down the line. We're very careful when we test rates. And we do any underwriting adjustments. We watch it very carefully. We test it. We know what's going to get picked up, and we're very thoughtful about the sales impact and any decision we make, whether it’d be pricing or underwriting. So certainly, there's going to be a few people that might not choose that higher rate that more down payment from our lenders down the line. But we believe, generally, they are very excited, Tier 2 partners are, when CAF passes on stuff, and they can go pick it up.
Jon Daniels: Sure. Yes, I can take that one, Ian. Yes, I mean, I think you said excluding Tier 2 and Tier 3, so we're talking focused on the Tier 1 business. Yes, I mean, our focus is generally to bring in all the volume from Tier 1 into our warehouse facilities, and our goal would be to get it all into the ABS market. Now fundamentally, there are things that you need to pare back. There are certain criteria they need to meet. You need to have a title, they need to have made the first payment, et cetera. So you're going to have some higher risk stuff fall out. It's always going to happen. But our goal is to move all that volume from originations through the warehouse into ABS. Inherently because of those exclusions, you're going to have probably a little bit higher FICO in the ABS deals. If you look at deal over deal over deal, that change in FICO is coming from us changing what we're originating and that ultimately flowing through. Remember, it's going to take six, seven months to get into an ABS deal for when we originate it. But that movement over time in ABS is really what we're underwriting, probably less so what we're holding out into in a warehouse line.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. Thanks, that’s a great question. We do believe it was transitory. We did have a couple things from a year-over-year standpoint. The planned lower production that we had communicated. So we did expect some headwinds there in the fourth quarter. We also had some wage pressures. Now that being said, we have undertaken in the fourth quarter, which will carry forward into next year, is even more efficiency initiatives, things and for labor specifically. We've invested in RFID tracking of inventory. We're going to leverage our tech and engineering investments to enhance reporting in our stores. We're focused on driving more MaxCare work to our shops and at the same time we've also taken labor and parts rates up to help offset inflationary pressures. So we do expect to see improvement, significant improvement year-over-year just like we deliver this year the significant improvement for the year as a whole and we expect that same next year. Now it is also certainly related to sales performance as well given the leverage, deleverage nature of service.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, the expectation is not to hit the wide end of that range. Really is we're going to provide visibility once there's just a bit more stability in the market like building.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: I think a couple of other just demand signals that we've seen. Web traffic was up again this quarter, year-over-year. Finance applications were up again this quarter. So there's demand signals that we're seeing out there just boils down to like we've been talking about really to the affordability question.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: And as far as the CAF lending standards, I mean, I think that's one of the things that we're optimistic about. We've tightened. We've tightened for a very for very purposeful reason. Obviously, we have partners down the line. But as Bill mentioned, yes, you do lose sales when CAF tightens. But we believe that the cycle will turn. The consumer will get healthier. And we're excited to go after more market share up and down the credit spectrum. So I think it absolutely is an opportunity on the other side of this.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. I think the mid-70s SG&A as we've talked about, that is absolutely our next step in our progress. I think in terms of this coming year, we're going to need strong consumer demand also return. There's, obviously two variables in that equation, right? You have SG&A, which I feel we've made a lot of strides this past year, and we'll continue to focus on. But we really need that gross profit number to accelerate in order to hit that mid-70%. I think you hit it in FY '25 would really be a tough putt, just given the level -- the volumes of our unit sales over the past couple of years here.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: And from a total capacity standpoint, where we certainly leverage the ABS market is the most efficient way to fund the business. We also -- as you've noted, we've also grown our kind of non-ABS funding with our banking partners. We have tremendous banking partners, and we've built out some facilities, additional facilities there. And we talked about that several years ago about just bridging out and having alternative finance options as we continue to grow the business. And that's what we've done.
Bill Nash: Yes, great question, Seth, and you're right. Last quarter I talked about October from a year-over-year standpoint actually inflecting positive, but also during the quarter -- third quarter, I talked about the steep depreciation. It was going to be interesting to see how competitors reacted. When I step back and think about market share kind of at the highest level, the two things that have been impacting us this year, and really some of it was last year as well, are affordability and then more relevant to this year is the steep depreciation periods that we've seen. So from the affordability standpoint, we've talked about that throughout the year as far as consumers may be trading down, trading into older vehicles, into zero to 10-year-old cars that maybe we don't sell, or just basically standing on the sidelines, because we see that there's demand out there yet people aren't actually pulling the trigger. The other thing that we saw during the year, we saw two very steep depreciation cycles. If I look at last year's calendar year and I talked about it in my prepared remarks, we were growing market share coming out of -- we were improving our market share coming out of last year. And then we ran into a period, let's call it four or five months, of steep depreciation starting in about April, and it was about $3,000. Then it stabilized for a little bit, and then we finished out the year with, again, another steep depreciation, probably the steepest we've seen in the shortest period of time, about another $3,000. And as we've talked about before, when we see the steep depreciation, that's really when we're testing our pricing elasticity, because we know that competitors, for their own reasons and for their business models, may end up taking down prices to move inventory, that kind of thing. And what we've said is we're going to continue to move forward on profitable market share growth. So I think what we saw in the fourth quarter, dealers were trying to figure that out in October, because a year ago, if you remember, we saw steep depreciation. There was a big influx of where we saw dealers letting inventory go. And then what happened in the beginning of the first quarter, they ended up buying a bunch of cars because they had sold through too much and that drove up appreciation. So I think this year, dealers were a little bit delayed, which is why you saw a little bit of an inflection in October. But then we saw a sell-off in November and December. The good news is that the January data we have, we can actually see where we're improving our market share in January. February, we don't have the actual data yet, but we feel good about February. So I think from a market share standpoint, this value volatility can be challenging and we'll continue to work and that's one of the reasons why we want to see how this kind of pans out over this year before we update that target. So hopefully that color is helpful.
Bill Nash: And, Sharon, on the second part of your question, not necessarily a difference geographically. We talked about before, your Tier 3 customer, obviously, we have a lot less Tier 3 sales than we've had in the past. Our consumers that make less than $3,000 per month in a household, they've basically been cut in half. So certainly that lower finance customer, lower income coming in customers has been impacted. But we also see, and I talked about this in the third quarter just from working with one of the credit bureaus of the folks that don't end up buying, that apply for a loan at CarMax, it's not like we're seeing this big degradation where they're going to somebody else. They're just sitting on the sidelines. And I think part of that speaks to what Jon just spoke about. The other thing I would just remind everybody on the market share is, historically we have always grown market share. It's just when there's been unusual events. If you go back to the great financial crisis, if you go to COVID. And I would say, now in this period, we've got these very, very steep depreciations. I mean, we saw two this year, we saw one last year, we've just never seen these before. And so I think working through these, we'll get through them and then like always, we'll continue to grow market share.
Bill Nash: Yes, so thanks for the question, Rajat. On the first question, kind of comp cadence, for the quarter, December, January negative comps, February was a positive comp resulting in a positive for the quarter. Since the quarter ended, it's been a little choppy. We've seen some weakness and right now, quarter to date, albeit early, and again choppy. We're seeing about a mid-single-digit negative comp right now, but again, it's early on and it's been choppy the last month and a half. On the second question, the market -- oh, the long-range targets -- well, keep in mind on the market share, we'll come back at the end of this year and update that. On the units one, yes, you're right, it is a wide range. We're going to come back and provide more visibility into that once we just get a better idea of the market recovery. Keep in mind, I think COGS latest numbers had this year finishing up about 35.5 million units, where traditionally we're at 40 million. And so I think their expectation to ours going to be fairly flat, maybe up a little bit in total used units in the zero to 10, it might be flat to even up a little bit less. So I think you're expecting when it comes to total used units, there's probably more growth in the over 10-year-old vehicles in the zero to 10. And so that's something of -- we want to get some visibility into that, especially when it comes to the units. The volatility also plays into it, though, because it also impacts -- vehicle volatility plays into it because it impacts your buy rate, which ultimately can impact your wholesale. So as we get more visibility into this market recovery, we'll come back and narrow that time frame for you.
Bill Nash: Yes. I think the zero -- again, I think the zero to 10, what the estimates are out there is it's going to be flat to up a little bit. So we'll see where that actually pans out. I mean the -- keep in mind, there is a new car dynamic here where less cars were sold a couple of years ago. But again, I would also look back to -- we saw bigger declines back in the great financial crisis. So we'll see estimates are that it's going to be flat to up a little bit.
Bill Nash: Yes. I think we've hit on a couple of the major issues. The affordability has to continue to move down. I was encouraged, I mean this quarter was the first time we've been under a $26,000 average selling price in like two years. So that's a step in the right direction. I think there's a lot of positives out there you referred to like interest -- hopefully interest rates at least stable. And once they start coming down, I think that's certainly a good guide as well. I think building on some of the stuff that we've been working on, the efficiencies that we're working on that we've talked about is the fact that we've got sequential improvement. Jon talked about CAF becoming more of a full credit spectrum lender. There's opportunity there. I think there's opportunity in omni. I mean we've got a lot of good things that are positive, but we do need a little help on the affordability. And I think we also -- just that volatility, don't underestimate. I mean, when you have a year where you see depreciation of $6,000, keep in mind, we saw some appreciation at the beginning so it offset some of that. But $6,000 really in two different time periods. We just haven't seen that. And we had another of those last year, I would call them, their price corrections. And I think having some visibility into that and stabilizing that. If you get a -- we've shown like continued market share growth over the years, whether it's been appreciation, whether it's been normal depreciation, keep in mind, normally in the end of the year, there is depreciation. It's probably $1,500, $1,600 a year. We've been able to take market share in all those environments. So I think those are the two big factors for us.
Bill Nash: Yes. But Brian, it's definitely a headwind. I mean we're tightening. We've got great partners and picking up some of that, but they don't pick it all up. And then it goes down to Tier 3, and you've seen where our Tier 3 volume just is in general. So there's no doubt that the tightening in general of the industry is having an impact.
Bill Nash: Yes. Thanks for the question, Craig. On the -- from consumers, again, I think it's more -- I think when you're talking about the decline, it's more of a year-over-year dynamic. Buy rate this year was down a little bit versus last year. But keep in mind, last year, I think in the fourth quarter, we saw about $2,000 of appreciation. We didn't see that this quarter. It was much, much less than that by the end of the quarter. That has an impact because consumers always think their cars are worth more money. When you can put more on it, that helps buy. On the Max offer, the increase there is really -- well, we've increased the overall number of deals. The way we think about it, how many active dealers do you have. And of the deals we have, we saw about a 50% increase in active dealers actually using the tools. So we're encouraged by that. We haven't expanded to other areas. We think there's a lot of opportunity to continue to move this along, which is what I said earlier in my prepared remarks. It's going to be a focus for us.
Bill Nash: Yes. I mean, look, you could -- if you lowered your prices, you could absolutely sell some more cars. But I'll go back to what I said earlier. I mean we're focused on profitable market share. And look, you can see it with the publicly traded auto retailers, they're swapping it off, sometimes units for GPU. And when you look at total comp GPU, it just -- it hasn't been necessarily a good decision. So we'll continue to test the elasticity. Our goal, obviously, every year is to gain market share. I am hopeful just looking at kind of depreciation trends, I'm hoping that this year will be a more normal depreciation and depreciation cycles, but we'll see. And I think that's going to be a factor. And again, I always couch it with we'll always test the elasticity to see if it makes sense to lower margins in order to get more units and more total gross profit.
Bill Nash: Yes. I'm optimistic with CAF. And I know the Fed is -- there's a decision on when they're going to cut rates. I mean it stabilizes and doesn't sound like it's going to go up. I'm going to knock on wood right now. But as that comes down, that's a tailwind for us for sure on a couple of different fronts from a CAF standpoint, margin standpoint but also from a sales standpoint.
Bill Nash: Well -- and I think also just given that they think that the market is overall going to be fairly flat.
Bill Nash: Yes. Thank you for the questions. On the wholesale margin, yes, I was especially pleased with the wholesale margin. Just given some of the year-over-year dynamics, the team did a phenomenal job. And I think it speaks to just some of the improvements we made in our overall auction process with technology, that kind of thing. I think you're thinking about it the right way. If you look at it on a yearly basis, I think a good target, give or take a little bit, is similar to what we ran for the year this year on wholesale margins. So I think you're thinking about that the right way. And I think it speaks to a lot of the improvements that we've made in the business. As far as the standalone auction facility, it is -- it's interesting because we actually have a couple of standalone auction facilities that we've built over time, just that are generally located right close to one of the stores from a extra capacity. But this -- you're right, this will be the first time that we've gone out and really kind of built the facility with the intention of it having to be an auction facility. I think going forward, you're going to see some of the standalone auction/production. The one that we're talking about for next year is just an auction facility. We may run some logistics hub out there. But right now, it's an auction facility. And it's really going to help us in a couple of different ways. The facility will be close to existing stores. And we'll be able to take wholesale vehicles out of existing stores, allow them to leverage the lots more from a service standpoint, more from a sales standpoint. We're ending up moving a lot of cars anyway from satellite and XF stores. And now taking them to this location will just help us continue to make benefits or improvements at standalone facilities, and I think they'll pan out well for us going forward. So our intention as we go forward is to build more of these things, get more of some of the wholesale sales out of the stores to free up space, free up capacity that we think will have other benefits to the business, whether it's, hey, you can do a little bit more MaxCare retail service. There's a lot of benefits to that, plus just the standardization of having these bigger locations in closed proximity to stores will also help us to innovate even quicker than what we've been able to do.
Bill Nash: Well, when you say disruptive periods, I mean, the three periods, and I think Great Recession, if I think about COVID, I think what we're doing -- what's going on a little bit different. I mean here more recently, it's this vehicle volatility that I talked about earlier. And when there are shocks to the system of large depreciation over a short amount of time, you know how we run the model. We're like, okay, should we lower our prices? And is it overall better from a profitability standpoint? And what we've seen is it just doesn't pan out that way, which is why we hold the margins steady. Now there's lots of competitors don't do that. And they do what's right for their business. They've got different demands. They've got credit lines, things like that. So they have to do what's right for their business, and we have to do what's right for our business. So you will see -- we've seen this year when we hold the prices and others are liquidating inventory for various reasons. We -- trying to give up market share.
Bill Nash: Yes. No, I mean, it's a good question. And obviously, we think philosophically, look, the buying cycle is every five years. And who -- if you had asked me at the beginning of this year, do you think there might be a price correction? I would say maybe, yes, probably another price correction coming out of last year. I didn't expect there to be two price corrections. I don't see this type of environment being able to replicate itself year after year. I think these are very unusual circumstances. So I do think that here in the short term, it is the right thing to do. It's not like this is going to be continuing to repeat. If it was, then we would look at the business model. But I think we believe that this is the right move.
Bill Nash: Yes. So what you're referring to is the 30-day money back guarantee. And we're modifying it to 10 days money back, which is still industry-leading. And that's really due to really some experiential headwind, both for customers and associates, which also add increased expenses when you're talking about most of our customers -- a lot of our customers take advantage of it well before the 30-days. You get past the 10, some people are just working the system. Others, what we run into is some headwinds with DMVs and municipalities getting title work squared away, checks back, taxes back, that kind of thing. So I think that's what you're referring to.
Bill Nash: Yes. Chris, I'm not necessarily seeing what you're calling excessive depreciation. I'm really seeing more depreciation that's more in line with kind of what you would see between 2015 and 2019. It's actually, if look at it, appreciate a little bit more. But again, your average sales price is up higher. Just recently have we started to see some depreciation. So I haven't seen what you're referring to as far as excessive depreciation. And I think we may see more of a historical type of appreciation, depreciation throughout the year, but we'll see.
Bill Nash: Well, I'm just going off of what I've seen so far kind of calendar year-to-date and comparing it to historical averages. The last 2, 3 years, it's kind of been all over the board from an appreciation standpoint and a depreciation standpoint. If you kind of take those years out and look more historical like 2015 to 2019, what does the depreciation curve look like? What does the NAAA data look like? I would say this year, calendar year-to-date is falling more in line with kind of what those cycles look like. So that's what I'm referring to.
Bill Nash: Yes. So I think looking at the quarter, if I look at zero to four versus, let's call it five plus, we were similar to last year. We were a little bit older than the third quarter. So I think our mix is -- it's interesting. It's almost 50-50 when you look at zero to four and the five plus. When I look at zero to six maybe versus the seven plus, it's -- for last year, it's very similar. Let's call it a 70-30 split, zero to six-year-old 70%, seven-plus 30% for us. Last quarter was a little bit -- and I made the remark last quarter that we had a little bit shift in some newer cars. So last quarter was a little bit more in the zero to six than this quarter. And I think, look, as we move forward, and I mentioned this earlier, you're right, as far as new cars, a year or two year ago, weren't as many new cars sold. But again, I would just point to you're still in the ballpark of 15-plus million SAAR run rate, which is much higher than what we saw coming out of the great financial crisis. And the other thing I would point to is that our self-sufficiency now for a couple of years on a yearly basis continues to be over 70%, which we didn't have prior, and we think that's a great tailwind. So for us, the supply hasn't really been the issue, it's the price. Now you could say, well, supply of just overall vehicles out there is causing price to go up, but our ability to acquire inventory has not been the issue. It's more the price.
Bill Nash: Yes. Look, I'm pleased with the max offer. I mean we're continuing to buy more vehicles to that. We think it's a great product that's really resonating with dealers. And when you look at the mix of vehicles we're buying, it's actually skewed more retail than wholesale, which is a huge benefit. I think it's a very competitive product. And like I said, we've got a lot of dealers that are actively using it, and we plan to continue to push that. And when we talked about -- we've historically talked about self-sufficiency. We've always talked about it from a standpoint of just the consumers. Well, it really should start adding in this bucket as well, which, again, just helps keep our self-sufficiency very high.
Bill Nash: Yes. Actually, from a -- I was encouraged because this quarter, if you look at our sales are less than 20% -- or less than $20,000 vehicles, while year-over-year, it was similar. It actually was better than the third quarter. So we had more less than $20,000 cars. I think as far as what do the vehicles look like for consumers, buying vehicles from consumers is just a huge benefit. I mean you're buying vehicles that people in that area generally like. And the reason why it's important is to self-sufficiency is because those are more profitable than having to go off-site. And if you're having to go and secure all your vehicles off-site, that's an expensive channel to go through. And we have the luxury of having such a high self-sufficiency that we have to really kind of go out and obtain vehicles off-site on a limited basis.
Bill Nash: Yes. I think it just -- it's probably more just speaks to consumer. I think the consumer is still in a tough spot. The tax season -- I think overall, the tax season this year has been a little softer, although refunds are higher, the actual -- the refund dollar amounts are higher, the actual number of refunds is behind where it was last year. And while prices have gone down, obviously, interest rates are higher than a year ago. I think you still have the pressure of the consumers on everything else that they're basically buying food and housing, get inflationary pressure there. So I think it speaks more to the consumer mindset at this point. And like I said, it's been choppy. I mean there's been a -- we've had some weather things going on. It's just -- there's been a lot going on. So we'll continue to monitor and make adjustments as we can as we go through.
Bill Nash: It's interesting. If you look at the numbers for the quarter, from a class standpoint, we actually sold more like from a mix standpoint, more larger SUVs, more expensive type of cars. Now the average age, both of our wholesale and retail is up on what you've sold. But it's not like they're choosing to go compact versus larger SUV types, at least not for the quarter.
Bill Nash: Yes. Look, leased vehicles have never been a big piece of our inventory strategy. I mean -- and we've been through cycles before where there's been leased cars, and we've been through cycles where there haven't been leased cars. I think we've been in a cycle where there really haven't been leased cars because a lot of the manufacturers are requiring lease customers to take it back to the franchise dealer. We have customers wanting to sell it to lease vehicle, and we can't buy them because of those restrictions. And quite honestly, it's -- I think it's been a nice benefit for the franchise dealers, because they're able to get these things at a good rate base off of leases that were basically done a while ago. That will play out and not become such a benefit as we go into the future. But it just hasn't been a big source of inventory for us historically.
Bill Nash: Great. Well, listen, I want to thank everybody for joining the call today. Obviously, we've got lots going on. And we appreciate your questions and your support. Before I close, again, I just want to congratulate all of our associates for being named as a Great Place to Work for the 20th year in a row. We're all very proud of that and really speaks to our folks and the culture that they've really enhanced here and implemented here at CarMax. So thanks for your time today, and we'll talk again next quarter.
