Bill Nash: Thank you Katharine, and good morning everyone. In the second quarter, we were pleased to return to positive comps. Used unit comps grew by 2.1% compared to 5.3% in the prior year quarter and were driven by better conversion, partially offset by lower traffic. Total used units grew by 5.8%.  Our industry continues to experience an unusual depreciation environment. In this quarter, our mix-adjusted vehicle acquisition costs remained high and were only somewhat lower than what we experienced in the first quarter. This contrasts with the prior year second quarter when our mix-adjusted vehicle acquisition costs were significantly lower year over year.  Our website traffic grew in the second quarter by 19%, up from 17% in the previous year’s second quarter and 16% in the first quarter. On average, we saw volume of more than 20 million visits per month. Our retail gross profit per used unit remained stable at $2,179 compared to $2,178 last year. We had a strong wholesale quarter with units up almost 15% year-over-year in the second quarter. This was a result of higher appraisal traffic, the growth in our store base, and an increase in our buy rate. Our gross profit per wholesale unit decreased by about $30 to $919 in the second quarter compared to $950 in the prior year period.  Other gross profit increased by over 12%, driven by higher EPP revenue and improvement in third party finance fees. Like last quarter, EPP revenue grew with sales and benefited from provider cost decreases and approximately $4 million related to the acceleration of revenue recognition under the new accounting standard adopted at the beginning of this fiscal year. These were partially offset by lower service profits.  Before I turn the call over to Tom, let me cover our sales mix and SG&A expense. As a percentage of our sales, zero to four-year-old vehicles decreased to about 77% versus 80% in the second quarter of last year, but similar to the first quarter. Large and medium SUV and truck sales were about 27%, almost exactly the same as a year ago and down slightly since the first quarter.  On SG&A, expenses for the quarter increased about 12% to $454 million, or a year-over-year increase of $126 per unit. Several factors impacted SG&A expense, including the opening of 18 stores since the beginning of the second quarter of last year, which represents a 10% growth in our base, a $7 million or 18% year-over-year increase in advertising expense which is largely due to timing, an increase of $6.5 million or $28 per unit related to share-based compensation expense, and our continuing investment in technology platforms and digital initiatives. Now I’ll turn the call over to Tom.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Tom. During the second quarter, we opened three stores: two in existing markets, including Santa Fe, which we include in the Albuquerque market, and Oklahoma City, and one in a new market Macon, Georgia. In the third quarter of fiscal 2019, we plan to open another four stores, all in new markets for us. They include Wilmington, North Carolina, which will actually open today; Lafayette, Louisiana; Corpus Christi, Texas; and Shreveport, Louisiana.  As I’ve done before, let me update you with some of our individual product initiatives. We recently rolled out our alternative vehicle delivery options to a second market. These options will allow customers to complete most of the vehicle shopping and purchase process from their homes after which they can decide how they want to receive the car. In addition to the Charlotte market, this is now available in all three stores in the Raleigh market. It includes our expedited or express pickup service, which kicked off in Raleigh in August, and our home delivery service, which launched in early September. In addition, we began testing an online appraisal estimator in 10 stores in August. After answering just a few questions, the online estimator provides customers with the opportunity to quickly receive an approximate offer on their vehicle. While the offer is an estimate, it is based on actual CarMax appraisal data. Also, we now have a customer experience center. This call center provides customers and test markets with support at any point along the way throughout the progression of their shopping and purchase journey. These consultants can work with the customers until they are ready to either go to the store for pickup or schedule home delivery.  Last quarter, I talked about how we are working to combine all of our online products together into one comprehensive offer. We are building a full omni-channel experience that enables customers to seamlessly move across the online and in-store experience with ease. Customers want the flexibility and independence to do much of their shopping and buying online. Given the complexity of a vehicle purchase, they also often want the help and assistance of our expert store associates at various points along the journey. We believe our ability to provide this integrated experience across both online and in-store is unique in the automotive industry. Because of our skilled and knowledgeable associates, our national footprint, brand strength, infrastructure, inventory scale, and continued investment in technology and digital capabilities, we believe we will have a clear competitive advantage to lead the industry in delivering this experience to our customers.  Later this year, we will bring this integrated omni-channel experience to a major market. This will help us learn how to best operationalize all of our offerings and scale them across the entire organization. We will provide you more information on this in the future. Now we’ll be happy to take your questions.
Bill Nash: Well Scot, it really goes back to this experience that I’m talking about, this omni-channel experience. We want to make sure that we can connect all the different pieces, and so for example, the alternative delivery, whether it is home delivery or the express pick-up, that’s only one small piece of the whole equation. We want to be able to combine that with all the other tests that we’re doing. The other thing that we want to do is we want to make sure that our sales consultants are trained on how to continue to progress the customers in a different way than they do today.  So, I’m actually pleased with the progress that we’ve made over the last couple years. It’s a big change for the organization, there’s a lot of technology involved, and I think we’re on the right track. So, I’m excited about it. 
Bill Nash: We’ll wait and see on that, Scot. I mean the plan would be once we get it into market, we’ll obviously want to iterate quickly on that, and so that’s what our focus will be. Our first focus is to get in the market, and the second one will be to iterate it quickly from there, because I think what you’ll see is the first version of it will not be the end state. 
Bill Nash: Okay, on the first question, Sharon, it is a little early to talk about the cost profile and the structure. We’re still learning. As I’ve talked about, we’ve got a call center there opening up. I think there’s opportunity and we’re testing different opportunity on compensation structure, so I think there’s a lot of things that we’re continuing to work through, so I can’t really give you any guidance on that at this point.  As far as the number of customers, you’re correct - we haven’t talked about that, but the majority of customers by far still want to interact with our expert sales consultants and still want to come into the store at some point. The key is that we want to make sure that we individualize each customer’s journey and help them at the points that they need help so that it’s not one size fits all.
Bill Nash: Yes Brian, I’ve been here a long time and it’s a very unusual market right now. As I’ve said in my opening remarks, acquisition costs are still, when you look at a year-over-year basis, much higher than they were a year ago, and we had a little bit of an offset on acquisition prices because our inventory that we sold skewed to be a little bit older, but it wasn’t enough to offset the increase in acquisition prices. At the end of the first quarter, we were starting to see--although your starting point of prices was higher, at the end of the first quarter we were starting to see depreciation trends more normalized. It really stopped after the end of the first quarter. Second quarter, we’ve seen unusual depreciation curves - in other words, normally you’d see continued depreciation during this time of year, and we just really didn’t see that. It’s very different than in past years - it’s been very flat. I think there’s probably, and this is just my belief, some of what’s driving that may be anticipation of tariffs on new cars and people speculating and trying to buy up used cars; but to be honest with you, I don’t really know why that is. New car prices are obviously still as high as ever and they continue to go up, so as far as the outlook going forward, I would think at some point we would start to see depreciation trends more normalize, even if your cost is at a higher starting price. I would think that we’d start to see it more normalize, especially as continued inventory comes in off of the lease increases that we’ve seen over the last few years.
Bill Nash: It’s hard to tell. I think the industry so far is saying that this is not from a destruction of automobiles, this is not to the magnitude of, say, Harvey was. I think I saw some estimates of maybe 20,000 vehicles or so, so I don’t think we’re going to see to the magnitude that we did a year ago.
Bill Nash: Yes, so as far as the hurricanes last year, you’re right - it really impacted us only the last week of the quarter, so the real impact is next quarter. As far as Flo goes, we’ll talk more about that because it happened in the third quarter, but I will tell you we did have a period of time where we had several stores shut down, but we as an organization fared very well from a property standpoint. The stores and the inventory, we did not see some of the impacts that we saw last year. Keep in mind, when we have these weather events, generally it’s the timing and then we’ll get the sales back afterwards.
Bill Nash: Actually, we delayed the Wilmington because it was supposed to open up pretty much right in the mix of the hurricane prep, so we delayed it, which is why it’s opening today.
Bill Nash: I don’t know, I mean, we’re focused on making sure that we deliver this omni-channel. We understand that customers want to do more online, and like I said earlier, the complexity that’s involved with used cars, we feel like there is points in that process where the customer wants assistance, so that’s our focus. Our focus is on right now delivering the omni-channel, and we’ll see how the market responds after that.
Bill Nash: We don’t speak specifically to individual competitors. We view our competitive set as much broader than, say, digital type players, and again we’re focused on all competitors. Just like we don’t talk about geographic differences, we won’t speak to competitor differences.
Bill Nash: Actually Craig, let me clarify a little bit. What I talked about in the opening remarks was the estimator - that’s a different tool than what we’re testing. We have several tests going on. One is the estimator, which is the new one, which is just a series of simple questions a customer can fill out, we give them an estimate. In the markets where we’re doing online appraisals, we have several different versions of that, that we’re testing as well. What we’ve found is that we can be very accurate on the online appraisal offers. What we’re really trying to figure out is what’s the best delivery mechanism for those, what’s the best process for individual customers, and how we communicate those offers. With some customers, depending on the vehicles, there may be different solutions, so that’s why we’ve been testing several different things and continue to test several different things.
Bill Nash: Sure. The estimate is just what I said - it’s an estimate offer that still has to be brought to the store or leveraged through our online appraisal offer. The online appraisal offer is one that we will back, assuming that the customer didn’t oversee some type of condition that impacts the vehicle.
Bill Nash: I think we’ll have to wait and see, but obviously the tariffs on new cars would certainly cause the new car prices to go up, and then you’d have to look at what that did to the gap between new cars and late model used cars. I would think that that would widen, which I think would be helpful for our business. The other thing that we’d have to stay tuned on is really the parts and things that we use in our reconditioning process, so we’re staying close to it and we’ll continue to monitor it as it progresses.
Bill Nash: Yes John, you’re right - the competition is robust from a lot of different angles, whether it’s digital players, whether it’s brick and mortar players, standalone players, that kind of thing, and we’re focused on all of them. I’m not going to talk specifically about any particular markets because I can tell you, it’s a very complicated analysis when you try to dial into an individual market, looking at all the different competitive sets that are there, what are those competitors doing, what are we doing differently, you have to take into consideration age of our stores. There’s a whole bunch of things that you have to look at.  What I would just tell you is that we’re really positioning ourselves to be that solution for the customer, allowing the customer to really drive the transaction on their terms, individualize every single customer interaction. That’s what our focus is on and less so about, okay, what’s this one player doing. We think that this omni-channel solution is going to be the future of where customers want to go.
Bill Nash: Yes, the way I think about it, John, is look - I feel very good about our pricing and the competitiveness of our pricing. As you know, we look at it all the time, we test it all the time. I think what happens is because there is a focus from a lot of different areas, there is in any given market probably some confusion out there because a lot of different competitors are advertising, so I think there’s some confusion there. But I’m less worried about the pricing at this point because there’s a lot of different things that we can do to improve our price without, say, changing what our gross profit per unit is. I think more right now, there’s just a lot of awareness out there, or confusion out there of a bunch of different competitors.
Bill Nash: Okay, so on your first question, do they want to see the car? Absolutely, the majority of our customers want to see the car. On your second question, the value of delivery - listen, what you described is what we’re talking about when we say expedited or express delivery. That’s our first attempt into that foray, where the customer can do most everything online and then they come into the store just to test drive it, if they want to test drive it, understand what the options are. Again, the customer will determine how much time they want to be in the store. If they want to be in and out in 15 minutes, they can be out in 15 minutes. If they want to take it for a test drive, obviously it will be a little bit longer than that. But most of what we see on the customer side is that they still want to see and, in a lot of cases, test drive the vehicle.
Bill Nash: Yes, so if you’re talking specifically, let’s say EVs, obviously I think the industry as a whole would have thought that EV sales would have been a bigger percentage as compared to where it is today. That being said, we do get EVs through the appraisal lane, we buy them offsite Because of our data set, because we look at so many cars both in the appraisal lane and offsite, we’ve honed that muscle as well, just like with the traditional cars. So far, even though it’s a small subset, we feel very comfortable in being able to price that type of vehicle, and again because of the data that we have and the number of vehicles that we look at on a weekly basis, we learn very quickly and then we can react to those learnings.
Bill Nash: I think from a regulatory standpoint, there’s a couple different things. Some states still require that vehicle sales occur at the dealership’s physical location and that the customer has to actually visit the dealership - we call that darkening the door. Other states, you have to have a physical location but you don’t necessarily have to have the customer come in and do the transaction in the store, and then other states obviously are more liberal and you don’t have to have either one of those requirements. As we continue to work through this, we’ll obviously make sure that we follow any applicable laws, and again our goal is to meet the customer on their terms and we’ll do that in a legal way.
Bill Nash: Yes, I think the appraisal traffic is probably a combination of things, whether it’s some of the stuff that we’re doing - marketing online. I also think it’s a very favorable pricing environment where, as I talked about earlier, acquisition prices are higher, we can put more money on people’s vehicles, and when you can do that, that certainly helps your buy rate. On the opposite side, if there’s a depreciating market, that generally hurts your buy rate a little bit. So I think a lot of it is based off the environment that we’re in, in addition to a lot of other things that we’re working on.
Bill Nash: Sure. Self-sufficiency, we’ve typically talked about the range, 40 to 50%, and right now we’re in the lower end of that range.
Bill Nash: Okay, you’re going to be disappointed, Sharon, on both of your questions. The first one on the market share, to your point, when you look at it in the short term, it’s not as valid, which is why we look at it on an annual basis. As you probably recall, last time we reported on it, it was last year’s calendar year which we saw one of our biggest comp market share gains that we’ve seen in a while. I don’t have any updates on that front at this point. The other thing as far as disruption in a specific market, again I really don’t want to get into talking about any individual markets or, for that fact, any individual competitor. Our competitive set is huge, and that’s what we’re focused on. We’re focused on overall competition. I know neither of those answers are satisfying to you, but that’s what I’ve got for you.
Bill Nash: Michael, what I’d say is, look - I think that this is an exciting time to be in the automotive industry just outright because of so many different things that are changing. I think there’s lots of opportunities for CarMax, and I would tell you, I wouldn’t take anything off the plate at this point. We’re constantly looking at the business and how we can continue to improve, as well as make sure that we plan for the future as the business changes.  I would just tell you, we’re pretty much open to a lot of different options, and we’re working with some different strategic partners trying to do different things. When we have something material to talk about, we’ll talk about it at that point.
Bill Nash: Yes, if you mix-adjust the wholesale, our prices--because it is a stronger market, our prices actually went up, but we did have a mix shift where we had more older cars which generally will bring the price down as well as the mix, we had some more compacts come through which will change the pricing as well. You have different factors going in different directions. Then on the used side, again acquisition price was higher and it was partially offset by the shift into older vehicles.
Bill Nash: Well, keep in mind a couple things. The total SG&A was up. Part of that was because of the advertising and the timing of the advertising. In the other category, where we do have some investments in our strategic initiatives, I’ve said all along this year that we’re continuing to invest and put back into the business, and I think some of the increase that you saw there - there’s some consulting, there’s some contracting, there’s software as a service - some of those things will stick around, some of those things will go away as certain projects come to completion, that kind of thing. So I think there is some timing in there, but again this is a year that I’ve said all along that we’re going to continue to invest in the organization. 
Bill Nash: Thank you, Jamie, and thank you all for joining the call today. As Katharine mentioned when she first started out, it was our 25th anniversary as a company last week, and that truly is a testament to our associates. I’m once again reminded why our associates are a differentiator for CarMax, and it’s because of the way they live our values with each other, our customers, and the communities. I want to thank them all for everything they do. They have absolutely been the key to our success in the past, and they will continue to be the key to our success in the future.  Thanks for your time and interest in CarMax, and we will talk to you again next quarter.
Tom Reedy: Thanks, Bill. Good morning everyone. Unlike the last two quarters where we saw modest declines in the volume of credit applications, we experienced growth in applications across the credit spectrum in the second quarter. During the quarter, we continued to see strong lender performance in Tier 2 which accounted for 17% of sales compared with 16% last year, but we saw weaker performance in the third party Tier 3 space which represented 8.8% of used unit sales compared to 9.6% last year.  CAF penetration net of three-day payoffs was modestly higher than last year’s second quarter at 43.9% compared to 43.5%. Our net loans originated in the quarter grew by 8.8% to $1.7 billion due to our sales growth, an increase in the average amount financed, and the slight increase in CAF penetration rate. CAF income increased 1.6% to $110 million. This was a result of the 8.6% growth in average managed receivables partially offset by an increase in the provision for loan losses and the continued slight compression in portfolio interest margin. Total portfolio interest margin was 5.7% of average managed receivables compared to 5.8% in the second quarter of last year, but flat compared to the first quarter. For loans originated during the quarter, the weighted average contract rate charged to customers increased to 8.5% compared to 7.6% a year ago and 8.4% in the first quarter.  The loan loss provision for Q2 was $40 million compared to $33 million in the prior year period. This arose from the growth in the managed receivables as well as fluctuations that are often experienced with quarterly loss provisioning. The ending allowance for loan losses was 1.13% of average managed receivables, flat sequentially from the first quarter and down from 1.15% in the second quarter of last year. Moving to capital structure, during the second quarter we continued to return capital to shareholders and repurchased 2.3 million shares for $171 million.  Now, I’ll turn the call back to Bill.
Tom Reedy: Matt, it’s stabilized quarter over quarter, but it’s still a little bit down versus last year. In general, as I’ve talked about, we in reaction to interest rate increases immediately start testing, so you’re naturally going to see a little bit of a lag, I think, in our ability to increase rates in response to benchmarks rising. But if I look back at what benchmarks have done over the last year, they’re up a little over 100 basis points, and if you look at what we’re charging customers in this quarter versus a year ago, it’s up a little under 100 basis points, so I think we’ve been successful in migrating rates up. We’ve kept an eye on the three-day payoffs, which have been very stable this year. When we first starting increasing rates, we saw a little bit of a tick up in that, but I think it’s normalized now. You know, the reality is it just takes some time to respond to rate increases. We’re not going to preemptively increase rates on a prediction that rates are going to go up, so I think we’ve done a pretty good job of moving things up, but in an increasing rate environment, you’re naturally going to see a little bit of lag there.
Tom Reedy: Jamie, we’ve seen pretty darn consistent EPP attach rates over the years, and that was part of the reason we were able to take a little bit more margin with the cost reductions from our competitors in lieu of passing it onto customers in the form of lower prices earlier this year, because we’ve seen that elasticity and it’s come through. We haven’t seen a reduction in our attach rate at all. With regard to the accounting standard, that’s something that we have to look at every quarter now. We have to put a receivable on the books for those retro payments that we’re entitled to based on the contracts, and every quarter we’ll look at it and we’ll make an estimation of what we believe has changed and what we expect to collect on some of those plans.  One thing that I think might be helpful to point out, though, is the methodology that we use to predict that receivable includes some seasoning of the plans before they’re going to get put into the consideration set, so that every quarter we’ll be looking at additional plans that have seasoned to the point where they’re worth looking at and making assessments based on that. The thing could move either direction, but one dynamic I think it’s important to know is there are new plans being put into the consideration set every quarter, and in recent years, as I talked about last quarter, we’ve seen over-performance for the vendors in those plans and we’ve been expecting to get a payback.
Tom Reedy: I mean, I don’t have the data in front of me, but I would think the opposite would be, off the top of my head, true. The newer vehicles still have some of their manufacturer’s warranty left on them, and frankly the older vehicles, the EFP is a better value proposition for the customer because it’s going to protect them when they don’t have a warranty. 
Tom Reedy: No, I guess I wasn’t clear enough. As I mentioned in my prepared comments, we saw application volume up pretty much across the spectrum in all credit grades. It may have been a little more robust in the middle space where the Tier 2 is, but it was up across the board. The degradation in Tier 3 resulted--you know, it was a combination of increased volume but a decrease in the performance by the lender, so we’ve seen conversion in the Tier 3 space over the course of the quarter actually deteriorate, and that’s--
Tom Reedy: Well, we’ll see how that progresses. We’ve talked about--we’ve got a number of lenders in there, it’s one in particular. We’re looking at our alternatives and as third quarter materializes, we’ll tell you how it went. But obviously we’re looking at it carefully.
Tom Reedy: I’ll start with your second question, Seth. We’re not seeing anything in our Tier 3 lending that is surprising us, so--obviously it’s a different animal than what we do in the prime space and a different customer relationship, different expected losses, but we haven’t seen anything there that has given us any pause. As I mentioned, it’s really performance by one lender, so I can’t speculate on whether it’s something that could be global in the future. That’s why we have multiple partners, because different institutions have different credit committees, they get different leadership at different points in their evolution, and they can change their mind about how they want to behave.
