Thomas J. Folliard: Thank you, Tom. As I mentioned, we estimated that we grew market share this year in the 0- to 6-year old vehicle market by approximately 3%. Given the strength and unique quality of our consumer offer, we're confident we'll continue to expand our market share, especially as we continue to grow our store base and as late-model vehicles begin to increase again as a percentage of the overall used vehicle inventory. Also remember that currently about 15% of our sales are vehicles that are outside of 1 to 6 years old older than 6. We're also very excited about our store opening plans over the next several years. As you know, during the fourth quarter, we opened our fifth store for fiscal 2012 in Chattanooga, Tennessee. In today's press release, we included the complete list of our currently projected store openings for fiscal 2013, including our expected opening of a second store opening in Jacksonville, Florida in the fourth quarter. All right, at this time, we're happy to take your questions.
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, we -- in the quarter, our traffic was up. And I think we talked about this some on the last call that because of our really high volume of appraisals recently and particularly appraisal-only customers, over the last couple of years, we've kind of gone back and looked at our conversion and tried to segment out customers who are really and specifically just coming to buy a car from us. And when we do that, we're really comfortable and confident that our conversion continues to increase, and that we did once again in the quarter and it also went up some for the year. Our traffic was up about 6% in the quarter, but that includes -- that's total traffic, which also includes appraisal traffic. So I think the customer flow that we're getting is solid; good, quality customer flow that wants to buy cars and we're converting them at a pretty good clip. We still would like to see a higher flow of customers overall, but we're pretty pleased with how the quarter came out.
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, we don't talk about any movement during the quarter. The last 2 quarters were a little disappointing from a sales and customer flow standpoint with -- I think we were a negative 2 and negative 3 on comps in the second and third quarters. So clearly, this was a better quarter with a plus 4, and I'd say that's the biggest difference. We were down the last 2 quarters, we're up this 1.
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, we're going to have some more expenses around store growth because we're either opening or preparing to open more stores in this year than we did last year. And we talked about coming out of the recession having a kind of a controlled build of store growth. We opened up 3 stores 2 years ago, 5 stores last year. We said we're going to open 10 this year and 10 to 15 in the next. So there are some spend that goes along with that on pre-opening expense, on staffing up to be prepared to open up those stores, relocation, all those kind of things. So we expect SG&A to go up and hopefully, we can get some comp sales to offset it.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. I think that for the quarter, that was just -- we did not -- we didn't do Super Bowl this year and we did last year. That's a pretty, pretty overpriced thing to do.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. We try to think about advertising on a per unit sold basis. If we get the sales we expect, we would expect to spend more money on advertising. And then we're going to have some pre-opening advertising that will be larger than it was last year because we'll open more stores.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. We talked about -- I mentioned that in the -- in my opening remarks. Our SUV mix was down 4 points sequentially year-over-year. But it's not -- it's in the sub -- I mean, I'm sorry, midsize and small cars were up about the same to offset that. So we have seen it, but just from a how does it feel, it doesn't feel anything like it did back in May of '08 when gas hit $4, and we saw a dramatic shift in consumer behavior. I'd say this has been a little bit more gradual, and people seem a little more settled into the high $3s on gas prices. But I think one of the best things about the CarMax consumer offer is we're pretty nimble, and we can adjust our inventory to whatever the consumer is looking to buy. And it doesn't make any difference to us. We're happy to sell smaller cars. We're happy to sell SUVs. And as we've talked about before, our margin is more on a per unit basis, and it's not really driven off of ASP. The only place where ASP really has an impact is on average amount financed in CAF. So -- and I also think that ASPs over the last couple of years have been driven far more by the changes in the wholesale market than they have been by anything to do with our mix.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. The overall size -- the 0- to 6-year-old market shrunk again during the year. A few points to remember about the way we report market share: One, we only report market share in the market that we're in. We're only in half of the U.S. markets. We're talking about our share of 1- to 6-year-old cars. We do it on an annual basis because the data that we buy and we get -- although it's been very consistent for a long period of time, it's actually very inconsistent if you look at it over shorter periods of time. We feel pretty comfortable reporting it annually. And we feel very comfortable that we grew our share of 1- to 6-year-old cars. And then remember that 15% of our retail sales are older than 6 years old, so they're not even included in the number. And that makes it a little bit challenging. But if we said well, we sell all the way out to 10-year-old cars, so let's look at our share of 1- to 10-year-old cars. That chunk of the market is so big that if we said our retail share that will drop down to just a miniscule number. So that's the reason we keep reporting on the consistent basis. Additionally, we sell very high quality cars at retail, and we wholesale stuff that is older. So you've seen our wholesale business grow pretty dramatically over the years. When you look at those 2 numbers combined, we sold over 300,000 wholesale cars during the year. Lots of those cars are in that older segment, the 6- to 10-year old. So we try to look at our total business. We run our business a little different than some of the other retailers. Most others don't have such a big wholesale business. So we kind of look at our participation in -- in the total used car market, we sold 400,000 retail cars. We also sold 300,000 wholesale cars. And we really like our positioning there. But we're going to keep reporting share the way we do. We think it's important. We think it's an important measure for our business. But again, there's a lot of caveats there because of the lack of data that's available.
Thomas J. Folliard: That's 3%, not 3 percentage points. So it's 3%. It's a small change. And again, it's of 1- to 6-year-old cars, remembering that 15% of our sales are not even in that segment. And we still grew share and a couple of other pieces I didn't mention. As our store base ages, we have slower growth in our bigger older stores as you would imagine. We're now starting to put newer stores back into the base, which should help. We'll also be adding stores into existing markets, which help share -- doesn't necessarily help comps right away but helps share. So you have those factors as well. And then historically, we have -- our performance has been stronger in 1- to 3-year old than it has been in, say, 4 to 6. And 1- to 3-year old has shrunk even more than 1 to 6 because of the lack of new car sales. So when that starts to come back and we've seen the SAAR start to come back some, then that 1- to 6-year-old share number also should benefit a little bit from that.
Thomas J. Folliard: We have no idea. Hopefully, we already saw it. But it's hard to judge. But -- and if you look at the supply chain and you look at what's been sold over the last couple of years, we're still a year or 2 away from seeing the supply come back in 1- to 3-year-old cars. And it's one of the things I'm really proud of that we've been able to do is move our business model around with the changing conditions in the marketplace. And our business is really a diversified profit model between retail and wholesale and finance, and I think we take advantage of whatever is available to us at the time.
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, one, Matt, you've been asking questions long enough to know we don't talk about trends during the year. It was 3% up for the year. All the reasons I just mentioned, I think, are contributing factors to a share gain that isn't as strong as the last 2 years. Last year, I think it was around 7 and the year before, we were in the double digits. But I'm pretty happy with our share growing every year. I'll take share gains every year.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. So we feel really good about the 250 that we've gotten so far, and that is sustainable. I've said all along that if there was any left, it was going to be the more difficult part to get. I think we originally talked about 300, and we've said the last 50 would be a lot harder than the first 250. I mean, it's really tough to say what will happen during the year and whether or not we'll get it. But that's about all I can say there. We're really pleased with the progress that we've made so far. One benefit that we've had over the last couple of years that we're now not having is we really didn't see a lot of inflation in parts and things like that a couple of years ago. And over the last year, we started to see inflation a little bit more, so we got to think about inflation adjusting, how we talk about reconditioning cost. But that's just been something -- clearly, we don't expect it to be true going forward that we really don't see any inflation in cost.
Thomas J. Folliard: So one, we don't have a projection. We've always felt really good about our ability to react and adjust to whatever happens. That wouldn't -- our view is that if SAAR went up a bunch, that traffic would benefit and potentially, sales would benefit, and we would move our inventory accordingly. So it's not like because SAAR goes up that, that's going to change our inventory level. We'll move our inventory along with sales. Inventory year-over-year was roughly flat, probably up just for the new store difference. Our inventory turns for the quarter were a little over 8 compared to 7.5 last year. So turns were -- in the quarter, so turns were up.
Thomas J. Folliard: Elasticity. Yes, it's still not like it was before. And as you know, we're constantly adjusting and moving our prices and our margins to try to capture what we think is the optimal amount of both sales and margin. But in terms of moving price down a couple of hundred bucks and seeing it -- getting it all back in sales, we still don't see it.
Thomas J. Folliard: And then, remember too, Sharon, it's not like the old accounting where if we got an 8% or 10% comp during any given year in the past, because of the way accounting worked, CAF would kind of grow along with it. And now that's going to get dampened because of the -- because of how you recognize earnings.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, I talked about this last quarter and I mentioned in the script, our percentage of inventory that we retail that was between 5 and 10 years old. Now I'm going to go back to June of last year, roughly, our percentage of inventory was about 15% of what we retailed was between 5 and 10 years old. And then at the end of the third quarter, that number was up closer to 30%, north of 25%. So clearly, in a short period of time, about 6 months, we responded to consumer demand, and we shifted our inventory to that older mix. The reason it gets a little confusing is because we report 1 to 6. I just gave you 5 to 10, so that includes 5 and 6. And then in this last quarter, the one that just ended, that mix of sales was similar. So if you said what's your mix of 5- to 10-year-old sales this year compared to last year, it's up pretty significantly. So we absolutely have shifted towards older stuff, and because that's what the consumer is looking for.
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, it's a really good-looking store. We have a bunch of technology in there that we're excited about, and it's all working. So that's a plus. And it was a pretty enthusiastic store opening because of all the kind of exciting uses of technology and social media and some of the other stuff that we're using in the store. But in terms of result, it's just way too early to even talk about.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, we didn't really -- there's nothing there especially not this early. One thing to remember is this is -- it's an evolutionary change for us. It's a product of 18 years of history and adjusting our model accordingly. But we didn't reinvent the consumer offer in that store. We changed somewhat the way we deliver it. But we're still doing the same high-quality cars. We're still doing the 30-day warranty. We're still doing the 5-day money-back guarantee, still paying flat commissions to all of our sales people, so that our incentives are lined up in the consumers' best interest. We're still making a cash offer on every car. We're trying to do a better job delivering on the store. But the basics of the CarMax customer offer are all still there. And a lot of the components that we have designed into the store are pre-modular, and we can roll them back into the existing stores if we see them working. But again, it's just -- it's awfully early to be talking about sales in one store.
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, the mix of subprime has nothing to do with CAF loss rate because those are done by a different lender.
Thomas J. Folliard: And the change in loss rate in total was absolutely just the change in the mix and taking back the stuff that we were doing -- that we used to do and didn't do and now do again.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. I think we've historically set it. It's in the kind of mid-single digits, which -- and it's probably in the current environment since we're adding incremental stores vis-à-vis last year Remington. This year versus 5 last year, I'd look to the higher end of that kind of range.
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, I don't know that any of that stuff has had an impact as much as just the economy and people's unwillingness to get involved in a loan or higher priced car. I think that's why we've seen the 0- to 6-year-old market decline for a few years in a row now. And new car sales, although they're up and everybody's happy about it, they're nowhere near where they used to be. It's 15, the SAAR was 15 in February. It was a little over 14 in March. We went 8, 9 years in a row with that number around $17 million. So I still think the customer is sitting back and waiting a little bit. I still don't think it’s back to where it was before. Despite all the things that you talked about with technology and changes in new cars that I think are all positive, the consumer is still not all the way back.
Thomas J. Folliard: No, not really. It was relatively flat compared to last year. Our turns are up a little bit. That always helps but nothing really unusual on the quarter.
Thomas J. Folliard: It's hard to really quantify that's why I think the number of factors that I talked about earlier as it relates to market share. And we're hopeful that the games go back up, but it's nice to be explaining gains, so.
Thomas J. Folliard: We haven't looked at that in a while. That's a good question. But the spreads, as our average retail has gone up since kind of the depth of the recession, our average retail went up $2,500 to $3,000. Over that same time period, we saw new cars, average new car price go up about $4,000. So probably it would have widened the spread a little bit more recently here. I actually don't -- I don't know the answer, but we haven't seen a move enough that we thought we should talk about it.
Thomas J. Folliard: I'm not sure we see a pricing benefit in supply constraint. That generally in the past has led to higher prices. But we don't know what's going to happen with SAAR and the supply chain. I'm not really sure what your question was.
Thomas J. Folliard: No. I'm not sure. We manage it on a pretty short window of time. We're managing our inventory and pricing pretty much every day. So we're going to do whatever the market allows us to do.
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, in my opinion, I don't think there is a single one. I think it's a combination of all of the factors together that differentiate us from the competition. And I think one of the reasons we showed the iceberg like we did is to just give a visual understanding of how complex the behind-the-scenes stuff is in this business to do and do well. And I think that we're continuing to learn every year, and we're continuing to make strides every year in those areas. But the whole idea behind that slide was that what you see, what the consumer sees, what the competitors see, what investors see from the look and feel of the building, from walking in, from shopping in our store is only a small piece of actually delivering the consumer offer. So to me, there is no one thing.
Thomas J. Folliard: That's a really good point. If we redid our iceberg, we have to put wholesale and CarMax Auto Finance under the waterline and make the bottom bigger.
Thomas J. Folliard: I think we don't look at it as what we're doing against the competition. It's a business segment for us that has customers. And we market to those customers. We provide great customer service. Our dealers are loyal, they're consistent. We have -- I think we have the highest dealer attendance ratios in all of the -- in auctioning. We're now the third largest auction chain in the United States. Again, we have really consistent attendance. We have phenomenal ratios. And we're pretty upfront with those customers. They know what they're buying from us. We stand but for the most part, stand behind what we sell. We make announcements on the condition of those cars, and I think it's allowed our business to continue to grow. We just -- we run that business as a separate business, and we run it differently than what the competition does so...
Thomas J. Folliard: All right. Thank you again for joining us. And as we close the year and start a new one, I just want to once again thank all of our associates for all your hard work, all your dedication. And I'd also like to express our thanks for the support and confidence of our customers and our investors. We'll talk to you again next quarter. Thanks.
Thomas W. Reedy: It came as comp, Tom. I think a great amount of it was incremental. If you see the step-up, it was 9% last year, 15% this year. As I've mentioned, we did see credit quality through the door down but our partners, because they've gotten more experienced with the origination channel and how their portfolio has performed, have been delivering offers to our customers. They are offers that the customers are more likely to accept, and mainly that means better down payments. So we've seen a definite step-up in that, and it was impactful for the quarter.
Thomas W. Reedy: Sharon, I don't think that's an unreasonable assumption. As we mentioned, during the course of fiscal 2012, we were taking back volume that we used to be selling off to our partners, which means our penetration was increasing during the year. And as I mentioned, we are back to the full spectrum of what we bought historically. So as far as opportunity, you take additional sales and support them with CAF without doing something different. From a credit perspective, we pretty much moved to where we were historically.
Thomas W. Reedy: Sharon, one other thing, if you remember at the beginning of the year, we mentioned that we had significant favorability and losses, and we saw some of that this quarter as well. So obviously, we have baked into our loss provision everything we think we're going to see over the next 12 months from a loss perspective. So one thing to keep in mind is FY '12 was helped by a favorability in losses. And obviously, we're not projecting that or it would be into our reserve.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, and we're texting other partners in both the Tier 2 space and the subprime space. And as soon as we have one that's enough of a critical mass, we'll talk about it.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, I can't give any visibility on what we expect in trends. But as far as during the quarter, we did see some favorability in our loan loss experience. Our wholesale recovery rate is still high, around 60% like it's been going. But what we've seen this quarter is a higher frequency of people paying to get current. It wasn't enough to be material about the number, but we did see some favorability in the quarter on losses. And as far as the APR. As I mentioned, in addition to taking back the higher risk and higher APR paper, we've also been pricing more aggressively with our higher FICO customers, so there's some offset there on the -- from the top line.
Thomas W. Reedy: I think when you look at the adjusted numbers, you can get a good picture for that. It's in the cash book.
Thomas W. Reedy: Well, obviously, we're going to be adding new stores, which have probably planned equipment to get appreciated. But as far as the adjustment, it should be...
Thomas W. Reedy: No, I think you're right that the lion's share of that is new stores and new land, et cetera, for future development. If you look back to what we were talking about in 2006, 2007, it's not out of line with the amount of spend we were projecting and spending at that point. There's always a certain amount of maintenance CapEx but for the most part, the increase is new stores.
Thomas W. Reedy: I was going to say, that is -- there is a -- there's a number of things that are going to drive that. And all else equal, the interest margin stays the same. Over time, you would see that portfolio grow similar with sales and which makes sense. But in a period of escalating growth, it might lag a bit because remember, we recognize the profit on these transactions over the life of the loan, not upfront. It's a portfolio. And our penetration average selling prices interest margin, those things all impact income. But all else equal, over the long term, it should go with the business unless we change our approach.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, I guess I would echo that. But I would add that over time, I think the competitive advantage that Tom mentioned is we've evolved into 3 real strong businesses that are complementary and deliver. We've got the retail business with all of the add-ons that go with that, the wholesale business and a very strong finance business. And the iceberg really doesn't capture that. It's more our competitive advantage from an operating perspective. But I think, that's the key that over time we've grown into a pretty diversified set of revenue streams.
