Enrique Mayor-Mora: Thanks Bill and good morning everyone.  Total gross profit was $815 million, up 8% over last year’s second quarter. This was driven by wholesale vehicle margin of $189 million, which was up 31%, and used vehicle margin of $507 million, which was up 5% from last year’s second quarter. Other gross profit was $120 million, down $7 million from last year’s second quarter. Favorability in the quarter included $22 million of margin contribution from Edmunds since our June 1, 2021 acquisition. This was on revenues of $34.5 million, which is noted as advertising and subscription revenues in the earnings release. Other gross profit also benefited from an $18 million improvement in third party finance fees with income of $3 million compared with $15 million in costs last year. This was driven by lower Tier 3 volume compared with last year and our renegotiated third party finance fees.  Offsetting this favorability, service was down $40 million, primarily the result of rolling over of favorable items from the prior year’s quarter and short term headwinds during this year’s quarter. Specifically, we comped over last year’s COVID-related cost reductions. Additionally, we experienced higher 90-day warranty cost timing stemming from the significant increase in sales during the first quarter of fiscal year ’22 compared to last year’s first quarter. We also realized lower retail service margin as production capacity was focused on reconditioning retail cars. Also impacting other gross profit, EPP was down $6 million or 5.4%. While penetration was stable at above 60%, last year’s second quarter included a benefit of approximately $8 million in profit sharing revenues that was not recognized this year due to a timing shift in the performance period for one of our providers. On the S&GA front, expenses for the second quarter increased to $574 million, up 30% from our COVID impacted quarter a year ago and as we continued to invest in our strategic initiatives and growth. As a reminder, last year during the pandemic, we took aggressive cost containment actions particularly during the first half of the year. SG&A as a percent of gross profit was 70.4% compared to 58.8% during the prior year second quarter.  The increase in SG&A dollars over last year was primarily driven by three main factors: first, a $55 million increase in total compensation and benefits driven by staffing and sales growth and by the inclusion of Edmunds payroll this quarter; second, a $41 million increase in other overhead due to investments to advance our technology platforms and strategic initiatives; third, a $35 million increase in advertising expense as previously communicated to amplify the CarMax brand, build awareness of our omnichannel offerings, and drive customer acquisition. We estimate that the COVID-related cost savings in SG&A in the prior year quarter was between $25 million to $30 million. For the first six months of FY22, SG&A as a percent of gross profit was 64.8%, leveraging five points over last year’s first half rate of 69.3%.  We remain committed to ensuring we are efficient in our spend and we expect that targeted areas of focus will continue to deliver improvements over time. We achieved an additional reduction year-over-year from our core CDC cost structure during the second quarter. Additionally, our omnichannel capabilities will unlock new opportunities as we leverage automation to reduce expenses and streamline operations. For example, our online instant offer program in resulting in more efficient buying organization as we continue to leverage the power of automation, AI and data science. On capital allocation, our ongoing focus is to deploy capital in our business to grow market share and deliver long-term shareholder value. That includes investing in digital capabilities to enhance all aspects of our omnichannel experience, such as online vehicle acquisition which is already generating a strong ROI. We also continue to invest in the strategic expansion of our store footprint and look for additional paths to create incremental value.  In regard to our share repurchase program, we remain committed to returning excess capital to shareholders and repurchased approximately 1.8 million shares in the quarter for approximately $220 million. Now I’d like to turn the call over to John.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Hey Rajat. With regard to SG&A, we firmly believe that now is the right time to invest in growing our business. We’re very bullish about our future, given the strength and trajectory of our business, and we’re going to continue to invest in our growth, we’re going to continue to invest in the omni and ecommerce functionality as we move forward. But we are on track by the end of this year to offer up to all of our retail customers 100% self sufficiency online, our self service online. We’re going to continue to invest in the acquisition of customers by marketing.  The investment in marketing is something that we had communicated last year, that we were going to step up our marketing advertising and other channels as well. Again, we believe we have a superior platform and we want to make sure that we’re communicating that in an effective way to our consumers, but at the same time there’s also a very targeted ROI opportunity in advertising as well that we’re investing in, and then lastly we’re going to continue to invest in the acquisition of vehicles. The instant offer program that we launched that has had tremendous success is just an example of one of those investments that just provides an outstanding ROI, so we’re going to continue to invest. Now that being said, we do expect to lever over the longer term because at the same time that we’re investing, we also have cost efficiency plays, whether it’s the CECs or whether it’s the buying organization or whether it’s other channels as well. We have opportunities to get more efficient in how we work, and so we’ll continue to do that. But I think it is important to remember that we’re on track with our investments, we’re on track with our performance at this point.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, so two questions. On advertising, we had communicated earlier this year that our expectation for advertising on a per-unit basis for this year was going to be similar to what we spent in the back half of last year, so somewhere in the mid-300s per unit, and we’re on track so far this year and our expectation is that we’re going to meet that for the full year. In regards to comping over COVID and the $25 million to $30 million that we estimate that last year was kind of one-time savings, that was really focused on the front half of the year. There still are some of those that will carry over into Q3, but not to the same level of materiality as what we saw certainly in the first two quarters of the year.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Like you said, we generate--we’re blessed with an operating model and a business model that generates a significant amount of cash, and we’re making the investments we think are the right investments at the right time, can generate our growth, and we still--still with that in mind, we believe we have excess cash to buy back stock and return it back to shareholders. We’re not holding back on our level of investments, and you can see that in our spend and in our capex, that we are investing aggressively. We’ll continue to do so and even in that scenario, we have enough cash to buy back shares. We are not holding back on our investments.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, we certainly are in investment mode, as we’ve made clear, and you can go back to our analyst day. We’re really focused on driving our top line. We are focused on driving market share and meeting and exceeding our target that we laid out there, which is greater than 5% market share by FY26, and that does require investments like we’ve been talking about, the investments in the different areas that we mentioned, certainly.  Will it be harder to leverage? Well, in that kind of environment it is a little harder to leverage, right, and our expectation is that our gross profit will continue to grow, it will grow robustly, and on the back of that gross profit growth, there are opportunities to leverage specifically for this year for the entire year. Our expectation continues to be that we should be able to leverage for this year. It’s hard to look quarter to quarter. You just can’t look in quarter to quarter just because there’s so many things that pop in and out of a quarter; but for the full year, we feel pretty good about that. Then moving forward, again we are in growth mode and we’re investing accordingly, and at the same time and as I speak to every quarter, we do look at opportunities to get more efficient. There are investments we’re making to drive the top line, there are investments we’re making to help pull out cost as well, and we always have a sharp eye to that, so we’ll continue to do our best on that. At the same time, we are focused on market share growth and the opportunities that lay ahead of us, and we’re really excited about them.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: If you look at it on a per-unit basis, it’s going to be skewed, artificially skewed as a percent of revenue just because retail prices are just up, like, 30% since the beginning of the year, so it’s hard to look at as a percent of revenue. We really look at the business on a per-unit basis.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, service this quarter, we were upside down $40 million year-over-year on the quarter, and we estimate that a material amount of that were headwinds we faced in the quarter, that were really shorter term in nature. The two largest ones I’d tell you, number one was the 90-day warranty that you mentioned, and when you think about it, right, our comps this year in the first quarter were 99%. Last year in the first quarter, they were negative 42%, and so you’re looking at a lot more volume from a 90-day perspective warranty work that carries over into the subsequent quarter, so that very much is a timing play right there.  Then the second piece is, similar to SG&A, we just had prior year one-time COVID-related savings in support pay and the employee retention credit plan as well, that are more shorter term in nature. The material amount of that is really shorter term. What I’d say is historically we’ve run service as a positive margin contributor. The exception was last year - certainly during COVID it was not, but prior years it had been a positive margin contributor, and as we move forward on an annual basis, we do expect that to continue to be a positive margin contributor as well. But this quarter, certainly those two headwinds made it a little bit harder.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, as regards to Edmunds, I spoke in my prepared remarks that from a gross profit standpoint, Edmunds contributed about $20 million. You’re going to see that in the 10-Q tomorrow when we file. Overall, so it’s an operating segment, Edmunds is-we’re going to be reporting on it as an operating segment, not a reporting segment, so we’re going to be reporting moving forward on their revenues, on their gross profit, but that’s the extent to which we’re going to report on them. What I could tell you, though Rajat, is that overall, they were slightly accretive to CarMax, so you can kind of back into their SG&A using that kind of approach.
Bill Nash: Thank you for the questions, Brian. On the first question, look - we’re really pleased with the roughly 6% comps, and I say that because you also have to put a little context around the environment. We had several headwinds that we also faced during the quarter. First of all, inventory - inventory is lower than where we want to be. It’s probably about 30% off of--at the end of the quarter, probably about 30% off of where we would normally target. In addition to the inventory headwind, we were understaffed and we still are understaffed, but not to the degree. We were understaffed pretty much across the board, and that’s important not only because it hinders our ability to hit our SLAs, but in some cases we just weren’t able to get back with customers, which is never a good thing, and so we’re working on that. Then I think also just a broader macro thing is just the used car valuations. I mean, year-over-year the acquisition prices are up about $6,000, and I think Enrique talked about in his opening remarks--or Jon talked about in his opening remarks about how that may push some used car customers just out of the market. I think when you take the comp in that light with those headwinds, those headwinds when you add them all together are material headwinds, so we feel great about the comps for the quarter and we also feel great about the overall progress. On your second question, how we talk about used and wholesale, yes - we do talk a little bit differently about that, but I think that really goes back to a little bit of what I talked about on analyst day, which is--you know, people always think about us as this used car retailer, and that is in fact great, but we’re much more than that. We’re a great retailer, a great wholesaler, a greater financier. We’ve added Edmunds, we’ve got dealer services, and it really goes to this broader used auto ecosystem, so that’s really kind of the change as to why we talk about both.
Bill Nash: Yes I’ll tell you, Brian, it’s hard, and I’ll give you one example. The inventory being that down, that substantially down inventory would be just in itself a significant headwind. Now, I will tell you, I don’t think the normal elasticity applies right now because a lot of folks are under-inventoried; but what I will tell you is we feel like when you take all three of those things and add them up, they’re material headwinds, so again we’re pleased with how the quarter came out from a comp perspective and just overall.
Bill Nash: Thank you Sharon. Well first of all, it’s not acquiring the vehicles. I talked in my opening remarks just about the fact that we’re approximately 70% self sufficient, so it’s definitely not the sourcing. As I talked about with Brian’s question, it certainly has been a headwind and it really all relates back to what happened in the fourth and the first quarter. The fourth quarter is typically a time when we build our inventory up - we weren’t able to do that because of COVID and some winter disruption production, then we had record sales in the first quarter, so we’re still digging out of that hole. Like I told Brian, we’re about 30% light to target, we’re about 15% year-over-year. If you look at last year’s second quarter to where we’re this second quarter, we’re about 15% light. We did make great progress sequentially every month. We grew our inventory, and look - we plan to continue to build inventory over the rest of the year, and I think the timing is really going to be--when we get back to where we want to be will really depend somewhat on the demand. As far as staffing, yes - during the quarter, although we were able to build inventory, we did have some headwinds even on the staffing side; but again, I think staffing in general, we’re making great progress. We made great progress staffing across the board throughout the quarter and we continue to make great progress in this quarter as well.
Bill Nash: Yes, I think conversion was down a little bit. We look at conversion a couple different ways, both conversion from when they start top of funnel, but then also in the store. The store was fairly strong, but up top of the funnel we saw conversion go down, which we think is a great opportunity because we’ve always said--you know, one of the main reasons people don’t buy from us is because we don’t have the vehicle they’re looking for, and that certainly is magnified when your inventory is down.
Bill Nash: Yes, and Rick, the only thing I would add to that, whether it’s Tier 3 or Tier 2 for that matter, it really is about balancing the sustainability of the program, the profitability, and then the customer experience, so we take all that into consideration.
Bill Nash: Craig, I think--look, we’re pleased with the online. I think we’re getting a lot of incremental units there, because even our traditional appraisal lane is still very strong. I’m not sure where they would have gone, but we absolutely feel there’s a tremendous incremental value there by the fact that we are offering this service, so maybe they would have gone and sold in other channels, I don’t know which channels, but we feel good about the incrementality.
Bill Nash: Yes, so our buy rate--you know, traditionally how we’ve talked about the buy rate is through our appraisal and our trade--appraisal lane buy rate is still--I mean, it’s very high, it’s in the low 30s. On the online offers, the way we really look at this at this point is if you get an online offer, because think about it, we’re putting millions of online offers out there each quarter. The way we think about it is, okay, once we’ve put an offer, of those customers how many show up at the store, and of those customers that show up at the store, how many of them actually sell? As you can imagine, that buy rate--the customers that show up with an online offer that actually sell is actually much higher than the traditional A-lane. 
Bill Nash: Yes, and Rajat, the only thing I would add to that is on the--like, the advertising for example, we’re really pleased with the performance of that. We saw about a 19% increase in web traffic. Our average flow to our website was about--it’s a little more than 34 million a month, so that’s another example where you feel like the investment’s paying off. As far as the second part of your question, the GPU, it’s a great question. I kind of think about--we’re in a very similar situation today that we were last quarter when we talked about this. We’re constantly testing. A couple quarters ago we talked about doing some broader scale testing just because of some of the other factors, some of the other profit channels that were coming through the organization, and while those still exist, just like last quarter, we really wanted to make sure--you’ve got to monitor the macro factors and does it make sense. You’ve got to look at your inventory levels, you’ve got to understand the elasticity which, again, we’re still getting the read on elasticity with the tests that we always have going, you want to see what competitors are doing, and it just didn’t make sense to deviate more from that historical trend that we have on margins. At the end of the day, we want to have very, very competitive--competitively priced inventory. I think with the self sufficiency, that certainly helps.  I think going forward, how you should think about the third quarter is probably GPUs more in line with historical averages, just like the second quarter was.
Bill Nash: Yes, good morning Michael. Obviously I’ve already said we’re pleased with overall comps for the quarter. We had positive comps every single month and we really continue to trend. It started since March. March was not only a record, all-time high record, but it was a record for the month. April-May-June-July-August have all in their respective been a record month for us, so we feel great about that. To your point, we’re also very pleased with the start of the third quarter. Now, obviously we’ll talk more in detail about that at the end of the third quarter.
Bill Nash: Okay, yes. On the margins, look - we’re always looking at our margins, and I know we probably have some competitors where the big spike up in average selling prices, they’ll take more margin. You’ve followed us long enough to know that ASPs don’t really drive our margins. We feel very comfortable about where our margins are. For us, it’s about making sure we get a great margin but also having great prices, so again to the question I answered earlier, I think the third quarter, you can think about margins more in the historical trend. Could you have taken more margin? Yes, but again, we’re in this for the long haul and we want to make sure our prices are super competitive all the time, and we feel great about that.  I’ll let Enrique speak to the advertising.
Bill Nash: Yes, so obviously retail, if I look at it from a mix adjustment standpoint, retail pricing was up about--from an acquisition standpoint, was up about $6,000. Wholesale was up probably around $3,000, so both are--actually as long as I’ve been doing this, those are the biggest jumps I can remember ever seeing. Now, I think the fact that self sufficiency is so high for us, I think that provides us a lot of opportunities as we go forward because that comes into play on not only a margin but your pricing structure. I think during the quarter, what we saw was--you know, we came out of the first quarter very high elevated prices. It hung in there for a little while. We then actually saw a little bit of depreciation take place, but surprisingly it started to appreciate again, so when we went back, I think we finished the quarter probably at the high that we finished the first quarter. It’s a very interesting dynamic. I can only speculate - you know, maybe because of the chip shortages, it looks like it’s going to be longer than I think what people originally thought of for new cars. I think maybe there’s some folks out there buying more used cars to replenish their lots since they’re not going to have new cars, but it is an interesting dynamic that we’re seeing.
Bill Nash: No, I would just think that pretty much--you know the way we manage our GPU really doesn’t--it doesn’t take into consideration the average selling prices. There’s other factors that go into that, so I would think it’s fairly consistent throughout the quarter is the way you should think about it.
Bill Nash: Yes, I think whatever I tell you on the chip situation, probably the only thing I can guarantee is I’ll be wrong; but I do agree with you, I think it’s going to persist throughout this year, which could keep used cars at an elevated--you know, it will persist through this year and, I think, pretty much through next year or a good part of next year, which will keep prices elevated. But it’s also the reason why I’m so excited about the investments we’ve made in vehicle acquisition and things like our instant offer, because that really helps to offset some of those headwinds and really gives us a lot of opportunity. Like I said earlier, we’re making strides, continuing to get our inventory up, so we feel good about that. On the staffing, look - we’ve always invested in our associates. They’re the reason of our success, and during this time period, you know every employer is out there looking for staffing, and we’re no different. We’ve continued to invest more in this quarter in our associates, we’ve made pay changes that we feel really great about. We also--look, for 17 years in a row, we’ve been one of the best places to work, which is a great thing from an employer brand standpoint, so again even on the staffing side, we feel great about the trajectory that we’re going on. So yes, there are some headwinds there, but we’re progressing both on the inventory side and both on the staffing, and feel great about some of the opportunities that we have that things like self sufficiency and IO give you.
Bill Nash: Yes, well first of all, we feel really good about our pricing position, and we’ve been looking at this for a very long time, so we feel very good about where we are from a pricing standpoint. Look, this is one quarter. Some things have a longer tail, but I would also go back to the fact that, look, we had some major headwinds, and when you add them all up together, they were hard to overcome, which I’ve already talked about - you know, the inventory, just the pricing, the staffing. Those are headwinds over the self sufficiency. I think what we’re most excited about is this self sufficiency and the opportunity that that gives us as we continue to move forward.
Bill Nash: Well David, just so we’re clear, the GPU, if you look at it--like, last year, second quarter was a record GPU and we’re only a little bit off of that, so I would say if you look at our historical average, we’re on the higher end of GPU. I think there might be a little disconnect there. Could we raise GPUs? Absolutely, and look - we’re going to continue to monitor the macro factors to see what makes sense. Self sufficiency gives us a lot of opportunities as we go forward, but I think at the same time, we are in this for the long term and we want to make sure customers are getting great value every day, and so we’re going to continue to weigh all factors as we go forward. 
Bill Nash: Oh, I’m sorry. You were talking more as it relates to ASP? Yes, and again, I’d just throw that out--
Bill Nash: Great, thank you Kevin. Well listen, thanks for joining us today, for your questions and your continued support. We’re confident in our ability to seamlessly merge our world-class in-person and online experiences, add to that our diversified business model and we’ll be able to continue to drive growth and market share gains as we move forward.  As always, I want to thank our more than 27,000 associates for your continued dedication, to living our values each day, taking care of each other, the customers and our communities. You all are the reason that we remain a positive disruptive force within the used car industry.  Again, thanks for everyone’s time today, and we will talk again next quarter.
