Tom Folliard: Thank you. SG&A for the quarter increased approximately 8% to $313 million. On a per unit basis, SG&A declined $39 to $2,047 per unit compared to $2,086 in the first quarter of fiscal ‘14. SG&A on a per unit basis benefited from a decrease in stock-based compensation expense of $56. During the first quarter, we opened up four new stores, three in new markets for CarMax in Rochester, Dothan, Alabama and Spokane, Washington, our first store in the Pacific North West and one in our Harrisburg, Pennsylvania market. After the first quarter ended, we also opened a store in Madison, Wisconsin, another new market for CarMax. It’s the first of four stores we plan to open in the second quarter of this year. Our comps for the quarter were driven by our growth in store traffic. Our web traffic also continued to expand significantly for the quarter. Average monthly web visits grew to over 14 million, up 25% compared to the same period last year. Visits to our mobile site represented approximately 30% of total visits while visit utilizing our mobile app represented another 13% of the total. And with that, operator, we will open it up for questions.
Tom Folliard: First off, Brian, we didn’t do anything different in the quarter. We’re just trying to run a great business and execute better every day and control cost and provide a great customer experience. And I apologize that our business isn’t that predictable and it’s a little difficult to model because we have what I think is a terrific source of profit that are quite diversified. And you see our comps are only up three, four points but over two year, they are up 20. Our wholesale has been a little behind retail for a while but that was up 10 in the quarter. CAF continues to deliver good results but there is nothing structurally different in what we did. Our stores continue to provide a great experience for our customers and they continue to grow. And then we’re opening up stores at a pace that is the fastest pace we’ve ever done before, opening 13 stores this year, another 13 -- I mean 13 last year and another 13 scheduled for this year. So I’d say we’re just doing the things that we said we’re going to do.
Tom Folliard: We don’t have to think about going forward. It’s largely the result of the credit flow through our stores. We’ve always talked about the fact that we want to make sure our customers have access to credit at all kinds of different scales of credit. And if you look at our applicant flow, we’re still at 90% of our applicants are getting approval of some kind. We told you last year at this time that our subprime providers had got a little more aggressive. We told you in the third quarter that they had pulled back a little bit. And so it makes sense. It was 21% last year when we thought people would be a little bit more aggressive and we saw a little pull back. We were flat in the fourth quarter. We’re slightly down in this quarter. It’s not that surprising based on what we have told everybody. But in terms of where it comes out long term, it’s not really within our control.
Tom Folliard: I think that there has been, there is some -- if you look at all of the external data on appreciation, there was some slightly higher appreciation during the quarter. That’s always going to benefit our buy rate a little bit and it always going to benefit our margin. So that’s the one that -- I think it’s only the second time, we’ve been over $1000. I didn’t think it was sustainable before and I don’t think it is now.
Tom Folliard: No, not a thing. You know, what I’ve been saying and I’m glad I’m finally right is that I believe over time wholesale and retail will grow at a similar pace. I don’t think there -- they seem to almost never be connected in a quarter. They happen to be this quarter. Both group total sales were -- total retail sales grew at 10%, total wholesale grew at 10%. But if you remember just two or three years ago, we had wholesales sales grow 30% in the first quarter on top of 50% in the first quarter prior. So there is a lot of volatility in that business as well but I still believe over time that retail and wholesale will grow similarly over a long period of time. This quarter they happened to match up.
Tom Folliard: We’ve always had a piece of our advertising around we’ll buy your car, it wasn’t -- we did not change it in the quarter. So there was nothing different about the way we advertised or approached the business this quarter.
Tom Folliard: Well, $56 of the $39 came from stock-based compensation expense. So that’s not necessarily a good guy. And I think a 3-ish percent comps we wouldn’t expect to get leverage like this. So if not for stock-based compensation expense change, I mean, reduction of $56, we would not have leveraged.
Tom Folliard: We need mid-to-high single digits if we’re in a growth phase to leverage. And we still believe that.
Tom Folliard: Well, in the spring, if this was what we would say a normal year, we would see some appreciation in the spring and then kind of a steady decline throughout the rest of the year. And this year, we saw more appreciation in the spring than we are used to. And lots of people attributed to weather and pent-up demand for inventory. So we will go with that.
Tom Folliard: That’s a measure of traffic, that’s continued to grow kind of around that pace for several years now. I think there’s a number of different factors. First and foremost, I think we have a great website. I think we have a great search engine. I think we’ve done a really nice job of making sure that when customers are on our site, whether it’s through mobile or desktop or touchscreen that they have a good experience. So I think there is that. Clearly, the Internet is becoming bigger and bigger every single year as a source of information. So I think customers just naturally are going to go to the web first. We continue to expand our geographic footprint. So we are in more markets. So we are going to get some growth there as well. Remember, that’s not comp, that’s just total traffic. So as we grow the company and we add more stores and we sell more cars and we get more -- kind of more CarMax sports people on the road, I would expect that number to continue to rise as well. So I don’t know if any one thing, I think it’s a number of different things.
Tom Folliard: Well, it hasn’t, I mean at this point we think the CarMax consumer offer works in just about any market in the U.S. and we are very excited to go to the places that we’re not, but we are also very excited to continue to add stores in the places where we are. And we haven’t seen that web traffic by a particular locale is an indicative of where we should build the next store. We really want to go build our stores where people are, because then they need cars and then they are buying from us.
Tom Folliard: Like I said, earlier, Matt, I think that wholesale volumes and retail volumes over a very long period of time will grow about the same. They seem to never be connected. They happen to be connected this time. If you think about the variables that go into that deliver a wholesale volume for us as how many customers show up at the store? Of those customers, how many get their car praised? Of the ones who get their car praised, who many sales a car? If all of those things were flat year-over-year, we should have gone up 10% because our sales went up 10%, so -- but they are never always flat. There is always movement in some of those variables. We had a strong buyer rate, a little over 30%, slightly up compared to the year prior and with total sales being up 10% and that been driven by foot traffic. It’s time to come out the way you would think it would come out. But as I said, it’s just on a quarter by quarter basis, these two things are never exactly connected.
Tom Folliard: It’s just something we are going to adjust on a regular basis based on the stock price. Street, it’s pretty much street, Matt.
Tom Folliard: We’ve seen a few movements in our percent of sales in the first quarter by a few points over to 0 to 4 from 5 to 10 but only by 2 or 3 points, so wasn’t significant. I have been saying all along I expect that supply to come back. We have historically done really well in that segment of inventory and I expect us to do well again. But overall, there wasn’t a ton of movement.
Tom Folliard: Yeah, two or three points, yeah, I think over the last several quarters it’s been pretty flat, so yes.
Tom Folliard: No, I don’t recall talking about one lender specific in the past. And I will say that we’ve observed across the board in our portfolio, a bit of a tightening in terms from our lenders. We look at the sales applications rate of ourselves of all of our partners and we’ve seen that dial back a little bit for the quarter.
Tom Folliard: Well, wholesale is all stuff that doesn’t meet our retail standard. So the mix of that product has been pretty much the same and the mix of retail, I talked about earlier, couple of points of movement but not really too much.
Tom Folliard: No. And remember the cars we buy in the appraisal lane, a whole bunch of them we sell at retail and then the rest go to wholesale so.
Tom Folliard: No. And I never like prices going up. I rather have prices go down, although I don’t think they will. So it’s a first time we have been over $20,000 average retail, since we started the business. But our margins per car were flat. So it was clearly a reflection of what the market was doing. And we talked about wholesale pricing being up during the quarter and it was simply that. And really, the only benefit from higher ASP is we get a little more on the spread when we do a CAF loan but other than that I rather see us provide lower prices to customers.
Tom Folliard: So we have three small formats stores open, only one has been open for than a year, so there’s very little of anything to report. Other than we have some processes that needed to take place in order for those stores to work just from an operational standpoint and they’re working very well. They have very small inventory. We have to move cars a little bit quicker. We have cross train lots of our employees in those stores to be able to do multiple tasks and that stuffs all working really great. We don’t really have any results to report, because we just don’t have enough time under our belt with only three stores open. In this year’s growth plan, we have two more those planned, one in Lynchburg, Virginia and one in Tupelo, Mississippi. We’ve said we’re going to get five of these open and read the results for a little while. So that’s kind of where we stand. I think there will be some learnings over time with some of the stuff I just mentioned, cross-training of people and maybe the ability to run a store little bit more efficiently, but we’re long ways away from that.
Tom Folliard: We don’t fully transact online. There isn’t really a preclusion. If we wanted to really press down that path, we could. We found that customers want to test drive cars. They want to -- particularly, our average cars is almost four years old, with almost 40,000 miles on it. We’ve been adding more and more capabilities for customers to do from home and they’ve been taking advantage of that and we’re very pleased with that so far. But in the last six months we now allow our customers to put cars on hold and make appointments online without speaking to anybody. We still have the capability in the number of stores for customers to transfer cars, even a pay transfer by giving their credit card online without speaking to anybody and having that car delivered. They can actually start their paper work online, making appointment for the sales consultant and show up a lot of the work already done. But in terms of fully consummating the deal online, we’re not doing that yet.
Tom Folliard: Well, we said our comps were due to store traffic. Our comps were a little over three. I think of traffic and conversion, like I’ve mentioned wholesale earlier. I think over time that our comps will be driven partly by traffic and partly by execution increases or conversion increases. What happened over the last several years is we’ve had few quarters where all of our sales increase was driven by conversion and we’ve had sometimes where all of it has been driven by traffic. There were times when it was about a 50-50 split and I think over a long period of time, that’s kind of what we expect. It’s just so happened this quarter that our conversion was relatively flat and our comps were driven by traffic.
Tom Folliard: That’s a really difficult thing for us to measure. We’ve never really made a big deal out of weather. I think because we are an in infrequent purchase that we don’t view that we lose. We’re not like a grocery business where if you don’t sell milk, then you never get to sell that milk. We sell a car. People buy it once every five years and what we’ve seen in our history is, if we miss some sales then we kind of get them back overtime. But it’s really hard to measure. So, I wouldn’t attribute anything. We didn’t attribute anything in the fourth quarter to it and we don’t attribute anything in this quarter to it.
Tom Folliard: I mean, we are just running the business and trying to get more and more efficient each and everyday. I think, we learned a lot during the last recession. We significantly improved our profitability and our execution and because of those learnings, we have been hyper focused on not losing that momentum. So I think, our store teams are doing a fantastic job of controlling cost and trying to be more and more efficient with the customer, where we have proven to be pretty good at managing inventory across a very short timeframe and I feel very confident that we were not just sitting still in that regard, we are actually better at it than we were couple a year ago. So I feel like working on what we do everyday and trying to get better at each of those things is the best defense against the recession.
Tom Folliard: Sure. We feel pretty good about where we are right now. We are, as I mentioned, although, our pace of store growth, 13 stores last year and 13 stores this year, is the most number of stores we have opened. As a percentage of our total store base, we have been much more aggressive at two different periods in the past. And I think we learned that those were little bit too fast in terms of being able to higher train, develop and have people ready to not just open new stores but to replace people in stores that they vacated. So at this pace right now we are very analytical about how we do it. We look at each position in the store. We factor in turnover levels. We try to hire people in advance. We try to hire people regionally, if we know we have store openings coming for example in California, we are going to try to staff up in stores that are closed and I feel like we have a great group of people working on that and a pretty good training program. But again, it’s something we are not satisfied with and we want to get better at everyday and we are focused on that. But right now we feel in very good shape to open up the stores that we have planned.
Tom Folliard: Yeah. We are always, depending on what the lease rate was, two years ago and three years ago, we have very high lease rate right now, then you see those cars back at the auction. The truth is, you always see those cars back at the auction in shape or form, but if they were leased then they come back in more of an organized lane. But it is largely driven by consumer behavior not just people who lease cars, but people who buy cars and how quickly do they then trade those cars in and we have seen this -- we have kind of seen this act before with leases as a percent of total retail sales. I would say being as low as 12% or 13% and as high as 30%. But that’s a cycle, that happen, that goes up and down over the last 20 years multiple times and we have never had a problem accessing inventory.
Tom Folliard: No. Nothing really, we mentioned last quarter that our partners were making some pricing adjustments. We make pricing adjustments on that product all the time based on the performance of their portfolio. Remember that’s two different third parties that do our extended service plans and they manage their business to be profitable. So we had some price changes. We saw a little decline in penetration.
Tom Folliard: Nobody is more transparent than us with pricing and we have never really had to use the third-party to show customers what a great offer we have at CarMax.
Tom Folliard: All right. Thank you very much. Thanks everyone for joining us and most of all thanks to all of our associates for all you do everyday and we will see you again next quarter. Thank you.
Tom Reedy: No, I think it’s -- we need to take step back and think about it, subprime penetration is going to be a combination of factors driving it. One is the credit coming through the door and then another is the behavior of the other lenders in the system. And over time we worked to try to build, as Tom mentioned, a broad spectrum of lenders so that customers have access to credit and I think we are very happy with the partners we have today. We’ve got nothing but praise for them. You look at cash penetration, it was flat. Subprime was down a little bit. We did see a lift in sales that were funded by sources outside of our system. We did see a lift in sales funded by our Tier 2 partners which means they stepped up and took some customers that they may have declined in the past. So Tier 3 behavior is going to be a combination of what’s coming through the door and what makes it down to them, and finally their behavior and their credit appetite.
Tom Reedy: And then our stores ability to convert ones we have approvals to work with and the higher, the better the quality of approval, in other words lower the down payment, the better chance we have a conversion. So I would expect over time those things are going to be constantly moving as lenders continue to tweak their scorecard and make adjustments based on the performance of the portfolio that they have originated. Just like it’s been going on for the last the whole time we’ve got in business.
Tom Reedy: No, Scot, we’ve historically said 20% to 25% of our business is going to get done outside of the system. That typically means credit unions or customers who have good access to financing elsewhere or cash. And then, we’ve said that cash is going to run somewhere in the low-40s and the remainder it would be split between our Tier 2 and Tier 3 partners. That’s moved around. This year Tier 2 -- this quarter Tier 2 was a bit higher than Tier 3. Last year Tier 3 was higher, but the year before Tier 2 was high. So it just depends what’s come through the door and what’s going on with the individual lenders and their credit appetite at the time.
Tom Reedy: Not, at this point, Scot. I mean, it’s early into that deal, so I think you need to let it incubate for a little while, but we can follow up with you afterwards on if you want more - need to dig in more detail.
Tom Reedy: Matt, it’s really going to be driven of stock price. So last year in Q1, we saw stock price appreciate, this year and do so well. There is a -- we have outstanding equity grants to folks that we have to account for based on changes in stock prices and that’s really who is going to drive it.
Tom Reedy: Yes. Matt, we called it out mostly because it was a little distortive of our ability to leverage SG&A.
Tom Reedy: We really want to talk that. We want to get credit for leverage on SG&A on something that’s not really under our control.
Tom Reedy: I say it’s on track. We said we’ve done about $30 million to date and really nothing specific to report yet. Yes, it is going to take us getting a critical mass of receivables and watching those incubate for a while before we have anything to start reporting on it. But I wouldn’t read anything into the volume today.
Tom Reedy: Not on the results. I mean, at this point it’s little early in the process with the subprime and the expected losses are still high. It’s actually a little bit of a drag on CAF earnings but it’s nothing material. We have to reserve 12 months of losses out the gate as we originate those loans. And with those loans having a higher expected loss rate than our regular portfolio until we start building up a critical mass, it’s actually going to be a little bit of a drag on our earnings but it’s very minimal and nothing to report. And as we go forward, it may have some impact on the loss provision, our average contract rate and the overall allowance. And to the extent, it does become something that merits calling out. We’ll give you that color.
Tom Reedy: We are not -- I don’t think we are going to talk about it in dollar terms as a percent of revenue. But we look at it more as minimum amount of liquidity to make sure that we have ample liquidity to keep inventory in our stores to keep CAF funded in the short-term period between securitization, et cetera. We are very comfortable with our levels today.
Tom Reedy: And obviously to build stores and I don’t think there is anything we can really talk about as far as minimum. I would say that we are comfortable moving to a position of more leverage than we have today in the current capital structure. When you see we are doing stock buyback program and I want to extrapolate from there, but that, you have seen us before having significantly more depth than we have today and we are not uncomfortable with the level that’s higher than today.
Tom Reedy: Yeah. I never think about mix of inventory based on levels of credit. I think mix of inventory based on the actual cars that we sold and there was, I mentioned, there was a slight movement towards, we said, zero to four-year old cars for a while now have been 70% of sales and five to 10-year old cars have been 30% of sales, and remember that number of, I am sorry, of five to 10-year old cars used to be 15% a long time ago and it doubled. And then we have seen that stay relatively flat for a number of years and then this quarter we saw couple of points movement. So I would say that had a little impact on the ASP but I am not sure to what extent. And I don’t know what our ASP was the quarter before, was it 19.5, somebody know.
