Tom Folliard: Thank you. I'll mention just a couple of other points before we open it up for questions. With the growing trend among consumers are doing more shopping on handheld devices. We have recently enhanced our website by launching a new mobile version. It's a streamline version at carmax.com. It allows customers to search for and view cars on their phones, as well as easily find and contact our nearest store. We are very excited about this next step forward and making it easier for our CarMax customers to find the perfect vehicle. Let me note, that in addition to the three store openings for fiscal 2012 that we announced last quarter, we have this quarter reported on our planned opening for the third quarter of next year in North Attleborough, Massachusetts, which will be our first store in the Providence market. Lastly, I'd like to highlight an important milestone we recently achieved. For the first time ever we have recorded over $1 billion in annual wholesales vehicle sales. This is a team effort across all of our stores and all of our corporate functions. And I'd like to congratulate all of our associates, who've helped us built such a successful wholesale business. And with that, we'll open it up for questions.
Tom Folliard: Well, really when we look at credit availability, that's different than what we consider a traffic drop. That's something that helps the conversion of the traffic that we get. So we've seen nice trends here over the last few quarters, increased traffic and increased sales, and credit availability is just a piece of what helped the sales for the quarter. And we talked about advertising going up at the beginning of the year commensurate with sales, and we've done that.
Tom Folliard: Not exactly. You kind of said it when you started. It's followed a little bit more of a normal seasonality turn for us. And as you said, the last couple of years, we really haven't seen that. So we are really pleased with the margins that we made for the quarter. Although sequentially they are down from the second quarter, they are up pretty substantially over the last year's third quarter. Again, we are really pleased with the margins that we made, but it is following a little more of a more normal seasonal pattern. If you look at the five years prior to the recession, it's kind of in line with that move.
Tom Folliard: It's actually the same answer as the last question. Our sales are up 18% in total; comps 16% and sales up 18%. So if our inventory just moved with that we'd be up 18%. All of the rest is another normal seasonal build for us, which if you recall on the last couple of conference calls at this time of year we have been reluctant to go out and buy up heavily in kind of the holiday months, November and December, when historically that's what we would really do. We'd get out there and really build inventories, partly because there is a lack of availability of options being open, because they have more closures around the holidays. There is a lower sell-through rate at the auctions, so it's a little more difficult to build. And we expect our sales in a normal seasonal year to pick up in January and February, so we actually have to start building our inventories now. And if you look at 4 or 5 years prior to the recession, you could see that pattern in our inventory, and that's what that reflects. It's again a combination of the sales increase and then our normal seasonal build that we feel better about doing this year than we have the last two.
Tom Folliard: It's hard to attribute, but our traffic and conversion were both up for the quarter. I couldn't tell you this because we have more cars, because we have more credit availability, because the market's coming back, because we did more advertising; the answer is, it's probably a combination of all those things. But again, this is a normal inventory build for us, just different than the last couple of years. It'd be really difficult to say how much of our sales increase you could attribute to the inventory build. I would say not very much, because we wouldn't have thought so in the years past when we built inventories.
Tom Folliard: Yes, it is actually way too early. And when I talked about it at the end of the last quarter, that was probably a little earlier than we normally talk about tests. It's only going to be in two stores, and we really haven't gotten up and running yet. I mean, we are optimistic about adding that functionality for the consumer because we think it's in line with what the consumers want, but right now it's a little too early to comment.
Tom Folliard: It's not really a controllable for us. It's not something that we don't specifically advertise to a certain credit level. And the traffic flow that we get is not as controllable for us internally. And when we book now a subprime deal, it's after that customer has been through every other possible avenue of credit availability for us. Although it's a less profitable transaction for us, we'll take all we can get, because we know that going through to the entire suite of other credit availability that we have.
Tom Folliard: I think relative to the past, we've seen it consistently getting better over the last couple of years. And when we talk about credit availability, it's hard to pin down exactly what it is. For instance, you can have an approval rate where you're approving the account of customers that come through the door. But if you knock in them and offer that they're willing to accept that's not to anything to support sales. And what we're seeing now the combination of factors, year-over-year we're seeing more customers apply for credit. We're seeing more approvals for customer in our system and we're also seeing more favorable terms offered to those customers. And we think all of that's coming together to help sales a bit.
Tom Folliard: All I could say there is we're going to do the best we can with managing our margin in conjunction with all the other pieces that go into it, each and every quarter, and try to do what we think is in the best long-term interest of our shareholders. So we're not going to give any forward looking view into margin.
Tom Folliard: Almost all of it. I mean, almost of the difference that you're referring to compared to the percentages that you saw on the first and second quarter, since this is biggest comp number we've had out of those three quarters as well. It's mostly variable SG&A, combination of variable selling expenses in the stores, advertising. We are continuing to spend on initiatives as we have talked about in the past. But we feel like the SG&A number is right in line with our sales increase and still show some leverage.
Tom Folliard: That's just another area. We're not going to comment much on the relationship going forward. Again, as I mentioned with the last question, we're just going to do the best job we can with managing all of the components and delivering the best results.
Tom Folliard: Actually the answer is yes to both. We've mentioned that we had achieved $200 of what we considered sustainable cost reduction without hampering quality and in fact completing it. And we've said that at the end of last fiscal year, we've been able to sustain that through the year, despite our sales improvement. And at the same time, we still see opportunities to get more. We talked about a couple of two or three years ago, getting as much as $300 a car to reconditioning and we still think that's doable.
Tom Folliard: I mean, we don't see it. We haven't seen it yet. We feel like it's a pretty efficient marketplace and there's always a relationship between new and used that allows the market to clear. There's a report out there that the average new car is now over $28,000. So if you look at our average retail around 18, and just look at pure straight averages, there's still a pretty significant spread there between our average car and the average new car. And as you think that spread may have widened during this time, because I think everybody focuses on the piece you're talking about which is used, but new car prices have gone up significantly as well.
Tom Folliard: That was a little over 40%, similar to the second quarter. We continue to make progress in the appraisal lane with both traffic and buy rate, and it was slightly up compared to the second quarter. Several years ago we were as high as 50%; we're not back there yet. In the depth of the recession, we dropped down to around a third.
Tom Folliard: Well, the only thing I would tell you is that we are always tinkering and we are always running tests. And we ran tests in the second quarter and ran tests in the third quarter, but if I look at our overall margin across the chain, I would say there was no impact.
Tom Folliard: When we report our foot traffic, it is only benched against ourselves. So we are actually counting customers in all of our stores. And when we say, traffic's up, that is the only comparison we report as compared to ourselves. In terms of what competitors are doing, you know we had pretty strong comps for the quarter. We are pretty pleased with our overall consumer offer and its strength, and that when a consumer is out there shopping, they would choose us more often than they would the competition. Everybody, as you said that they are focusing more on used cars, when the SAR goes from $17.5 million down to $12 million, that doesn't really impact us because we sell hardly any new cars but it sure impacts you if the majority of business is new. And it makes sense that people would shift some focus over to used. But in terms of impacting our results, it's very difficult to tell. And the reports that you get are from the public new car dealers, and we are not in every market that they operate in. It's not a consistent, competitive front for us from one market to the other. So again, it's not surprising that people would move their efforts towards used cars. But it's difficult for us to see any impact to us.
Tom Folliard: We can move quickly. And we consider our rates for the consumer to be extremely competitive with what's available out there by market. And the spread that we are achieving are a result of the offers that consumers can get, not only from us but from everybody else.
Tom Folliard: Well, we are pretty comfortable with the stores we've announced so far, five next year, five to 10 the year after. From a capital perspective, we could probably go a little faster. We've talked about opportunistically looking for land. But that, maybe we are not quite ready to build the store but we may go ahead and do some land banking. In terms of getting stores open, when we stopped a year-and-a-half or two years ago with our growth, we really cut back as everybody saw. And we cut a lot of the functions that were in place to allow us to build that 15% a year for six years. And it takes a while to build that infrastructure back up, not the least of which is building back the management bench in the stores to deliver a great consumer experience each and every time we open a store. And then on top of that we've made a lot of efficiency improvements in our business, and we really have a lot of momentum in that area. And if we were to aggressively jump back into growth, we would be worried about losing that momentum because that's very powerful for the strength of the company going forward. So I am not going to comment much fast on what we have already announced, other than, briefly, some land opportunities. We'll get out there and do it, and when we have more to say about growth, you'll be the first ones to know.
Tom Folliard: Well, they haven't change dramatically quite honestly. We are still paying our sub-prime providers as we always have. And then in the tiers above, we have a fixed fee. We consciously make a decision not to change that even though spreads come and go, just because what we don't want to do is have a demotivation for our third parties to originate with us and the fact that if we get greedy and when periods are higher, conversely, we don't want them asking for less when spreads get narrower. And so what we are trying to do is just optimize the relationship there. And then in the space where we have the CAF loan (behalf) so to speak, where Santander and Wells Fargo are, that is basically a dynamic spread enhancement that actually does fluctuate with the current cost of funds and the APR, and then the risk associated with the loans that they are actually buying using our scorecard. So that one's generally about the same amount that they are paying us in their non-prime space. The fee is far less important to us than the sales.
Tom Folliard: It really hasn't yet, very much. I think some of what everybody keeps talking about with sourcing is still a little further out. I mean, our mix has not moved very much. It all is going to depend on how quickly SAR comes back and what people start trading in because older cars don't necessarily mean lower margin for us; a lot of it's driven by how many miles around those cars, but if people would keep it a little longer then we might get a higher mileage car, which we wouldn't do as well with. So it's really difficult to say right now what it's going to look like going forward, because if the SAR came back very, very quickly, to Keith's point, I think we'd get a lot more trades.
Tom Folliard: Whenever we talk about comps we always try to at least give a little color around it and give you an idea of how much is foot traffic and how much is doing better with the traffic that we get. It's nice to see in this quarter that it's a combination of those two things, traffic just a little bit more than conversion. And then the reason we mentioned the other part is because there has been a lot of movement in the finance world. There has been a lot of movement in credit availability, a lot of changes in what we have been able to offer and the relationships that we've built with our third party vendors and credit availability. So its not a direct convert to sales. But we've always talked about, of 100 applications, approximately 75% of those would get an approval of some kind. And at this time we see that number north of 80%. Is at about an all-time high for us just in terms of how many customers apply for a loan and how many of those got approved. And we thought that was worth noting.
Tom Folliard: There are so many other variables that would depend on what's happening with those. If the reason ASPs were declining is because SAR was accelerating, then there'd be lots of other factors that we have to use in order to figure out what our margins ultimately would end up at. What I would tell you is, if you look back at our history, ASPs went from almost 18 grand to 15.5s, and we kept our margins above two grand through that whole time. So I think we are pretty decent at managing it through movement in ASP, but that's about the most dramatic movement we have ever seen, and we were able to manage our margins pretty flat through it.
Tom Folliard: In the reported number on that line, you got to remember that GAAP insurance is in there as well. So that provided some of the increase. Our ESP penetrations, we've said, have always been above 50%, we are running a little bit higher right now. And some of the refinements we talked about are largely as how its presented to the customers and the amount of options that a consumer has at the point of purchase. They can vary the deductible, they can vary the length of time that they can buy a warranty. So we've created a lot more flexibility for the consumers and it's going pretty well. We've also had to provide some training for our sales force to be able to effectively deliver the new program. So we've really started that in the second part of this year and its going pretty well. We talked about in the second quarter and we had another strong quarter in that area as well.
Tom Folliard: No, that's all applications that we get. How many get an approval from one of the lenders that we provide.
Tom Folliard: It was approximately 75%. So just remember we use to talk about and say of the applications that we get, about half of those get what we would consider a prime approval. About half of what's left, would get an approval from one of the other lenders that we provide and about 25% would get no approval of any kind. And that total number is the one that's now above 80%.
Tom Folliard: Most of the SG&A difference would be in variable selling expenses related to the 18%, or the 16% comp. So in terms of the bill for future stores with only five for next year, and five to 10 year after there's not going to be a meaning number in there in that line.
Tom Folliard: But it's going to be in line with the growth plan, and the growth plan we've announced for this five next year, five to 10 and the year after. Yes, but just in line with that level of growth.
Tom Folliard: We talked about cash for clunkers last year being a spike in the second quarter. But we also said that by the end of the year, we didn't think that hardly any impact at all, so there maybe a little of that in there. Another way to look at our comps for this quarter is look at it over a three-year period, going back to prerecession, and we're still negative five compared to that number. And if you go first quarter, second quarter, third quarter of this year, we would have been and on a three-year number negative 9, negative 7, negative 5. So when you look at it like that, it looks a lot smother and it looks like it's more of a steady improvement.
Tom Folliard: I think that's a part of it. We always see the depreciation curve is pretty consistently down the most during that time period. And that's just usually the way our margins have flowed. It had gone to the point where it was so consistent for us we really didn't talk about it very much, and didn't get asked about it very much. We're getting asked about it a lot today, obviously, and I think it's because the last couple of years we haven't seen it.
Tom Folliard: We have to look at the results before we can tell you. Now that's one where I think you can make a strong arguments that the cash for clunkers, after August of last year, we had no inventory. So it's a really easy comp for the quarter for us. That's not a broad statement on everybody else, but we only have a few new car stores. We have a big Toyota stock in Laurel where we did the majority of our cash for clunker deals. We did the majority of those in the second quarter. And I am not looking back in last year, but I am guessing that that's the main reason.
Tom Folliard: All new stores going forward will be on the flow format, which is an evolving format as it is. So we expect to be able to continue to improve there. But more than 80% of the cars that we retail are still produced in our traditional stores where we have also achieved the level of savings that we've announced. So we think we can make improvements in both formats. We think the new flow format going forward is the right way to go for lots of different reasons, but it doesn't mean that we don't think we can get improvements in our traditional stores that in fact we have.
Tom Folliard: The strong wholesale prices absolutely have an impact on our recovery rate, but I am not sure how meaningful it is.
Tom Folliard: Right. So we're financed in a higher average dollar amount. In terms of approval, I think it's more related to the customer than it is to CAF.
Tom Folliard: With no further questions, I want to thank all of you for joining us today. As always, I'd like to express my thanks to all of our CarMax associates for their commitment. Thank you for all you do every day. Happy holidays everyone. Thanks.
Tom Reedy: So as we have talked about over the last several quarters, we haven't seen elasticity the way it was pre-recession. And although things are slowly getting better, we really haven't seen a big movement there.
Tom Reedy: Yes, the Wells Fargo arrangement, Sharon, is similar to the Santander deal where they are using the CarMax Scorecard for originations. The difference is that Wells Fargo, as we discussed, is buying a segment of a business that represents kind of a full scale of what CAF is approving versus just the bottom half. So you could think of it as like a vertical slice of credit tier as opposed to horizontal.
Tom Reedy: Let me just kind of walk through what we are doing in the stores. I guess the way to think about it is really kind of threefold. First off, we have CAF, which as you know gives the first look. And the originations represent about 35% of sales today. Next we have Santandar, Wells Fargo and Cap One, who participates in originations that they approve themselves. And then with regard to Wells Fargo and Santandar, also participate in the program where they are originating or buying loans that CAF has approved through their Scorecard. That represents just under 30% of sales. And then the remainder is going to go either to sub-prime, which we said is about 8%, a vast majority of that being Santandar or Other, which is 25% plus in general. And that's getting done with financing arrangements today that we've kept outside of our system, so there's some more besides our stores.
Tom Reedy: Usually we'd see it increase in the next quarter, because we've got tax returns in it and some seasonality to credit. But as far as where we see it going beyond that, that's going to be dependant on what's coming through the door and the credit quality of customers coming through the door, which is actually down year-over-year, and we've seen that happen. And that's one of the reasons that we are up year-over-year from a sub-prime perspective.
Tom Reedy: If you compare it to the second quarter. Because if you compare it to the third quarter last year, it's up.
Tom Reedy: We are hoping it would be all of that. I mean, obviously we can't look forward and predict that's going to happen, but I mean, if you look back at our public deals, you can see how much higher they are at today and have been over the last 12 months than they have been historically. If you'd kind of take out the recession and the times when the capital markets were in disruption, we typically realized about a 4.5% to 5.5% spread between APR and the cost of funds. And since late 2009 that's been running north of 7% consistently. But as far as going forward we're going to be at market with our offer to customers and competitive and in the business.
Tom Reedy: Yes, one of the things do consistently is look at our (three-day) payout ratios, how often customers take us up on that equity and actually go secure other financing outside of CarMax. We monitor that very closely. That's an indication of how competitive our offer is and we look what's going on in the third party, and we can react quickly if we need to.
Tom Reedy: I was just going to say, our fee structure is already favorable to market. And it's really because they have the benefit of CarMax's unique origination channel where we have the high integrity and the quality of the cars that we have been able to actually have a product that makes our sub-prime provider happy and helps us sell more cars.
Tom Reedy: We're still experiencing record recovery rates at CAF, and that's basically because the wholesale market remains strong. So it does help us.
Simeon Gutman: Just a quick question on the gross profit per (user). I know you have been asked this Tom and in few different ways. The $2100 of per vehicle gross profit, I guess it's safe to assume that doesn't embed any more aggressiveness on the part of CarMax in trying to simulate the sale.
Simeon Gutman: Right. But seasonally it looks like it acted like it should, but within that I was just curious if there was any of that tinkering with the elasticity.
Simeon Gutman: And then second, how do you benchmark your actual foot traffic, and is it just relative to yourself or are there other metrics you are looking at? And then, connected to that can you just talk about the competitive front a little bit? I guess some of the new car dealers have been increasing their efforts - they always are, but even a couple more than usual in the last couple of quarters.
