Keith Browning: Thanks, Tom. Good morning. As you are aware, this quarter was our first quarter after adopting the new accounting rules for CAF, which require us to account for term securitizations as secured borrowings as opposed to accounting for these transactions using gain on sale accounting. As expected, our quarter was strong due to the historically high spreads between rates charged to consumers and our funding costs, but it was also positively impacted by better than expected trends in net charge-offs. Lower charge-offs along with record high recovery rate of nearly 56% caused actual losses to be approximately 30% below our projections and significantly below the trends we’ve been seeing over the last 12 to 18 months. All of the reasons for these loss trends can’t be known but we don’t believe they were unique to CarMax. We believe other companies are seeing improved loss performance as well as better recovery rates due to the high wholesale vehicle prices. This strong performance led us to lower our loss reserves for future periods. The combination of better loss performance and lower reserves positively impacted net earnings by approximately $0.03 per share this quarter versus our expectations. As you know, we provided one-time CAF guidance at the beginning of the fiscal year to assist investor with the transition in the securitization accounting rules. However, we will neither be providing nor updating that guidance on a going forward basis, as is consistent with our current earnings guidance practices. At CAF we continue to test rate sensitivity and as a result we did reduce rates to some customer segments later in the quarter where our tests indicated it made sense. Our 90-day agreement with Santander was renewed at the end of May with more favorable terms, consistent with the current industry profitability. It will now be automatically renewed for 90-day periods unless terminated in advance by either party. During the quarter we entered into a second warehouse facility that renews in February of 2011. Our total capacity remains $1.2 billion, but we believe staggered renewal dates help spread risk and provide greater flexibility. Overall, third-party finance fees were lower, reflecting subprime penetration that was almost 8% of sales, compared to approximately 4% in last year’s first quarter. We believe this is partially a result of lending standards on our non-prime lenders that are still tighter than pre-recessionary levels. However, we also believe that the continuation of Santander’s positive experience with CarMax and our unique origination channel have resulted in an increase in both the quality and the volume of their approvals. Now, I’ll turn the conversation back to Tom.
Keith Browning: Well, the lower charge-offs as I said were 30%, which is significantly lower than our expectations. So quite honestly, that is something that’s difficult to predict as well. And our forecasting ability obviously takes into consideration the more recent performance, but it doesn’t project that level of outperformance going forward. And if we knew all the specific reasons why it was significantly ahead of our expectations, we would obviously be able to do a better job of forecasting the future. But it’s really just very difficult to measure that. And so I can’t tell you quite honestly whether they’ll continue -- what level they’ll continue going forward and I think there’s just a lot of volatility in the economy that could cause them to go the opposite way, just as quickly as they came back.
Keith Browning: Okay. Our loss rates that were baked into the forecast obviously baked into and included the tightening that we’ve done over the last year. So as you look at the entire pull of receivables, we’ve done significant tightening at CAF and therefore expected much lower loss rates on the more recent pulls of securitizations. This is really the combination of all of the pulls and how they’re performing, and we saw both a shift downward in delinquencies and losses that were unprecedented based on normal seasonal factors.
Keith Browning: I think we’ll revisit rates with them whether how much they pay us depending on what the current market yield provides. So I don’t expect that to be a permanent number. And that’s why it’s favorable now is obviously we’re all experiencing very favorable spreads between consumer rates and our cost of funds and they stepped up and recognized that, and when it goes the other way then I would expect that they’re going to try to negotiate that in the other direction.
Keith Browning: Yeah. The ending allowance was just over $50 million and it really is a look forward for all loans on our books for the next 12 months, which is the standard industry convention.
Keith Browning: Well, the way to think about it is, is that, if you looked at the beginning balance which we had in our K, we obviously were looking at 12 months and then at the end of the quarter for those loans, we have to then look at the next 12 months. In addition, you have to take the originations that we had during the period and say that we have to then accrue a loan allowance for all new originations as well. So to really come -- you have to factor that in order to really come up with and that’s how we came up with our $0.03. So it’s basically that if you factor those in and you would have expected an increase in loan allowance by some amount and then when you look at the ending balance, seeing that it went down and declined, that gets you into the magnitude that we were talking about.
Keith Browning: Well, it traditionally it’s been very seasonal and peaks in the fourth quarter related to tax returns and some of that actually then carries over into the first quarter. So look, what we would hope is that our tier 2, our non-prime players will actually get back and get more aggressive and that number will come down as they get more confident about the economic circumstances going forward. But the good news is that Santander is there for us, they’ve been a believer. I think that they really do appreciate the unique origination model and we’re happy to have them as a partner because those are sales we wouldn’t get otherwise.
Keith Browning: You’ll see it in the third party finance fees. And so it will be in the other income on the financial statement.
Keith Browning: Well, you’ll recall, we went from zero when we initially tested with this, basically they didn’t pay us anything and then we went up to a modest fee. Now, they’re going to be paying us at the same level as or similar level as our third party finance companies, which is in the 300-ish area. And so it really depends on how much penetration they do and seasonally that adjusts. So it’s not going to be real material but it’s certainly important.
Keith Browning: I would say it’s, first the delinquencies and defaults were probably the larger portion. I couldn’t actually quantify that in a percentage basis. But even a year ago we were still seeing pretty strong recovery rates at around 50%. So while 56% is record levels, it’s not the driver of the overall adjustment. It’s just a contributor.
Keith Browning: As far as your overall retail gross profit per vehicle, you site wholesale price appreciation, that clearly is raising your cost of vehicles acquired but is the offset in the fact that you can, number one, charge more at retail; number two, that it’s been -- it’s enabled you to increase your appraisal -- appraised cars purchased as a percentage of total cars purchased.
Keith Browning: No. We didn’t. CAF was -- gross presentation was 36%, which is just modestly down slightly from a year ago but nothing much to talk about. And Katharine will be able to give you the net penetration after 30 day payoffs later.
Tom Folliard: Thank you, Keith. I’ll talk about SG&A for a minute. After adjusting for the favorable litigation settlement in last year’s first quarter, SG&A this quarter increased by approximately $13 million, a 6% increase over last year, despite the 9% increase in used vehicle comps. The majority of the increase in spending was related to variable selling expenses, advertising and costs linked to this year’s store opening, such as pre-opening and relocation. As we previously stated and assuming no economic deterioration, we will continue to invest in some key initiatives related to carmax.com, as well as, several other IT projects and additional training for our associates. Also, as you know, our plan during the first half of this year was to open three stores that we previously completed construction on, but had refrained from opening during the recession. I’m pleased to report we opened our Augusta store in May, which would have opened in the first quarter and just last week we opened up both Dayton and Cincinnati, to complete our opening plan for this fiscal year. At this time, Keith and I would be happy to take your questions.
Tom Folliard: Probably not very much at all, because you remember part of Keith’s comments on the subprime increase was that some of the third-party lenders had tightened up some, so I think it’s probably a little more of a shift than it is an increment. So I don’t think very much of the 9% has anything to do with credit…
Tom Folliard: Yeah. You were right. We don’t comment month-to-month and I’d just tell you that for the quarter, from the beginning to end, it was mostly customer traffic increase that delivered the 9%.
Tom Folliard: Well, there’s a number of different things that go into our gross margin. Clearly, the wholesale appreciation is a big factor, although it’s not been nearly as pronounced this year as it was last year. So it did help some this year but not nearly as much as last year. I mentioned self-sufficiency. We’ve talked before where we make a little more money when we buy the car. When we sell a car that we source through the appraisal lane and that number went up for us and that’s a combination of traffic and our buy rate being strong for the quarter. So that helped in the quarter. And then, we talked about reconditioning cost savings in the past. We said at the beginning of this year we now achieved a $200 cost savings, while at the same time raising our quality. So really that’s $200 of margin availability where we don’t actually have to raise our price to achieve additional margin. We believe now with our price perception studies that we have very positive price perception from our consumers and in fact, our price perception today is stronger than it was pre-recession. So we feel, okay, about where the margins are, but as I’ve always said, we’re going to manage it quarter-to-quarter and we’re going to try to optimize both sales and profitability. But there are a number of different factors that go into our ability to achieve strong margins.
Tom Folliard: We’re still of the view that we have, that there’s so much volatility and so many different factors out there, that we really can’t say, what we, we really don’t know what’s going to happen going forward. But what I can say is, we feel very confident in our ability to manage and try to optimize both our sales and profitability. And I do think, we’ve been in a unique circumstance, although it’s been extended longer than we thought it would go, in our ability to achieve strong margins. So I really can’t say, but I just feel very confident in our ability to manage through it.
Tom Folliard: Yeah. You know, for a good stretch of years, going back several, we were over 50%, to come to the appraisal and then we had stretch of a couple years, where we saw that number decline, which we talked about frequently on the call. We probably reached our all-time low down around a third and we’ve come back from there, but we’re still below 50%. But we’ve made a comeback from somewhere down around 30%, closer to 40% now, but we are still not back to a half of 50%.
Tom Folliard: You know, it’s hard to quantify some of the other factors particularly appreciation is really difficult to quantify. But, that one we have a little better handle on analytically and it was a big factor.
Tom Folliard: Yeah. That’s another really tough thing to measure that I think we may never understand completely. But as I said, our goal is to kind of, is to optimize sales and profitability. We feel like we did that pretty well in the quarter when you factor our inventory turns as well. The faster we turn our inventory, particularly once it gets out front, the less markdowns we make, and so there’s a number of different factors there. But we’ll continue to test going forward. So, I mean, we ended up where we did. We’re pretty happy with it. I mentioned the reconditioning cost is a really big number, that $200 a car is a lot of margin availability for us to work with. And as I said, our price perception data with our consumers is that we have better price perception today than we did before the recession, so all indications are that we feel pretty good about our pricing.
Tom Folliard: Yeah. When we -- when I covered SG&A, I talked about it kind of in the order of magnitude. And so with a 9% increase in used vehicle comps, if you adjust for the -- if you adjust for the litigation settlement last year, our SG&A was only up 6% and our sales were up 9%. And in the order of magnitude, variable selling expenses, which is commissions and all the other things that go along with delivering a 9% comp and then advertising would have been second and pre-opening and relocation. So some of the spending as it relates to the IT initiatives was kind of at the bottom of the list in terms of order of magnitude…
Tom Folliard: But really, once you adjust for litigation, it’s a less of an increase than what our sales increase was and you throw variable selling expenses and advertising in there and explains most of it.
Tom Folliard: Well, it’s really difficult to talk about the timing of that, when -- really when we say at the beginning of the year we’re going to spend money on infrastructure on technology, we’re really talking about over a longer period of time and really in comparison to the year prior when we really stopped lots of our investment spending due to the recession. So it’s just difficult to comment on the timing. We didn’t spend that much this quarter but I look at it over the next couple of years as opposed to the next couple of quarters.
Tom Folliard: No. We didn’t accelerate those at all. We said we would open all three stores in the first half of the year and we did. Remember, those stores were built and ready to go. So we kind of couldn’t open them fast enough because we were already paying the rent.
Tom Folliard: You know, I don’t know how many quarters we can say it’s going to fall and it doesn’t and still keep saying it, but there’s just too much volatility out there in a lot of those other factors for us to really say. The wholesale appreciation has been such a big factor over the last two years and it’s so unpredictable, it’s impossible to say what’s going to happen there. The reconditioning dollars are real. We know we’re getting those savings and the shifting in -- that we mentioned in self-sufficiency is also very difficult to predict for us, although clearly year-over-year we had a benefit from that. So we’re not really in a position to try to predict too much going forward other than to continue to say we’re going to do our best to optimize both sales and profitability. And we’ll continue to test elasticity by running pricing tests. We’ll do it in different markets. We’ll do it in different stores. We’ll test different margin levels and if we think we get the sales back then we lower our prices to get those sales.Himanshu Patel – J. P. Morgan: Thank you.
Tom Folliard: As I said, they’re fairly conservative at this point. And having gone through what they’ve gone through, it’s understandable to some extent.John Murphy – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then lastly, Tom, just it seems like the used car market is incredibly strong when we look at pricing, wholesale seems to be going very well for you yet volume’s only up 9%. That’s a good number but given the maths improvement we see in pricing in Manheim, it doesn’t really seems year-over-year. It seems like there’s some place in the used car market where demand is very, very strong. Are you seeing that someplace lower in the spectrum where you guys aren’t playing or is it just that supply is so tight in the used car market that that’s driving up pricing? Just trying to understand the dynamics of the real strength that appears to be in the market that’s not showing up in volumes.
Tom Folliard: Yeah. I mean, my opinion is it’s still that there’s still a lot of uncertainty out there. I mean, there are some parts of the economy that are improving but I think there’s still a lot of nervousness. And when you’re in the market that we’re in, which is fairly high end used cars, again, which almost always requires somebody signing up for a three to five year loan, I think there’s some nervousness out there. The two factors we always looking at are, what are new car sales, what’s the new car sales rate and as you can see, that number really hasn’t moved very much this year. It’s been in the $11 million range, down from a peak of $16 million to $17 million and unemployment is still around 10%. I think until we see those two numbers move, I don’t think it’s going to translate down to the higher end of used car sales.John Murphy – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you very much.
Tom Folliard: Right. It’s another thing that we always look at. But remember, if we were going to buy 100 cars and we wanted to buy another -- move our buy rate up another 2%, we don’t know which two to offer more on so you have to offer more across the whole pool. So if our buy rate is at 30%, we wanted to move it to 32% and we wanted to move our offers up by 100 bucks. It would cost us $100 across the 30, we were going to buy anyway to buy the two extra. But again, it’s just like testing pricing, we test -- we’re constantly looking at movement in appraisal volumes. We have various analytical models we run across markets and stores and we feel like we have a pretty good handle on it.Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: Thanks and congratulations.
Tom Folliard: Yeah. I don’t have those numbers handy but our traffic was up. Then our appraisals per customer were up and then our buy rate was up so it’s a combination of those four things that delivered the higher volume and the higher self sufficiency. And although our appraisal traffic is up, we measure that as appraisals per customer, it’s not up that dramatically. So it’s kind of a waterfall. How many customers do we get and then of those customers how many do an appraisal. We got more customers, more of those customers, who did an appraisal and of the ones who did appraisal, we bought more of those and that delivered that number. It’s not like this big dramatic difference between appraisals per customer and customers.
Tom Folliard: You know, it’s hard to look at a lower priced car and used percentages because some of it was -- I think it was around 4700, around four grand last year and this might -- I thought it will make sense but $700 isn’t as big a move on four grand. When you say 20% on an average retail of 18 grand it’s a much bigger move. A few hundred bucks on a lower price point is, I think, a little easier to achieve with some changes in demand and change in wholesale appreciation. So it’s hard to look at that number in percentages and say it so outpaced retail because it’s only a few hundred bucks.
Tom Folliard: I don’t remember there being much seasonality. We haven’t really looked at it like that before. So I don’t -- like you said, I don’t remember there being much seasonality. I would say all the change is driven by the market and by wholesale appreciation externally.
Tom Folliard: So I don’t think it’s seasonality. I think it’s all driven by the appreciation curves we’ve seen over the last couple of years.
Tom Folliard: But also depends what happens with subprime. And we’ve seen subprime a lot higher than we would have expected. And we don’t know what’s going to happen next quarter. That number can tend to offset some of what we would expect on the positive side.
Tom Folliard: Yeah. One thing I haven’t mentioned in the appraisal volume numbers is there’s a huge miss in historical volumes that comes from the churn created by a higher SAR. If new cars were selling at 14, 15, 16 million annually, a lot of those customers who buy those new cars need to cycle out of the car that they’re driving and we’ve tended to play a strong role in helping them. And there’s just a huge chunk of customers missing from the marketplace, taking used cars out of it completely and just looking at new car volumes that just aren’t there right now. And I think until we see new cars rebound, at least part of the way back to where they were at their peak, we’re going to see our appraisal volumes be suppressed.
Tom Folliard: We historically don’t talk about regional differences and we’ll -- what we said before, particularly during the recession, was when our volumes drop, they dropped everywhere. And as our sales have come back, they’ve come back everywhere. Clearly, there is going to be a different magnitude in different markets but we’re not going to talk about regional differences.
Tom Folliard: Well, if you ask our marketing guys, it’s a huge lever. It’s the biggest lever we have. And we clearly said we would spend up some but we’re still going to continue to manage advertising on a dollars per car sold basis and then do our best by doing it market by market. Obviously, there is significantly different marketing costs in LA than there is in Louisville, for example. So it was -- I would say modest increase in the first quarter, but we’re going to continue to track it and we’ll push it when we think it’s appropriate.
Tom Folliard: We pushed some of that in the fourth quarter. If you remember, we spent up a little around the Olympics and around the Super Bowl where we hadn’t done that in the past. So it’s kind of as we turn the corner on the calendar new year. We got a little more comfortable with pushing some advertising and we’ve kind of just continued that into the first quarter.
Tom Folliard: When we talk about our advertising, it’s our advertising in total. And as we mentioned we’ve gone almost completely out of the newspaper, if you look at about a five year span, we’ve gone from as high as 35% or 40% of our total spending being newspaper down to pretty much zero. But we haven’t spent less on a dollars per car basis and we’ve talked about it before, but we shifted almost all that money into different various forms of Internet advertising. Whether we have all of our cars on cars.com, all of our cars are on autotrader.com, we test about any site that will list our cars. And then we do lot of search engine advertising, on Google, on Yahoo and anywhere else. So it’s pretty clear to us that that’s where the trend is and it’s pretty clear that that’s where we’ll be spending, continue to spend advertising dollars as well as a strong presence on TV.
Tom Folliard: Yeah. There’s always that chance if we see something that would indicate that and when we decide that we wanted to accelerate, we would make sure to go ahead and tell everybody. At this time, we don’t have any plans to change the opening plan that we’ve laid out.Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: Got it. Thanks a lot, guys.
Tom Folliard: Well, one thing to remember is more than 80% of the cars that we reconditioned, are reconditioned. What we call are traditional stores that we never could have achieved the savings if we didn’t achieve it across the board. So our reconditioning savings, I’m proud to report we’ve achieved across the board in both formats. We do believe that from our go-forward basis when we open up new stores that the flow model is a better way for us to manage those costs and a better way for us to find the efficiencies and then take advantage of them. But it doesn’t mean that we haven’t been able to find those efficiencies and take advantage of them in our traditional stores. As I mentioned, more than 80% of the cars that we retail are still reconditioned in our traditional format. And we’ve made great progress there and we’re very proud of that.
Tom Folliard: That’s really hard to say because I’m not exactly sure how the next couple years will lay out. But every store that we open that is a full reconditioning store will be in the flow format. But at our size right now with opening plan that we’ve laid out from a percentage basis, it’s probably not going to have much of an impact.
Tom Folliard: Yeah. We would. But it’s a balance. For example, if we could get 20% more traffic and lower our buy rate by a few percentage points but net-net by more cars, we would take that in a second. There’s always a waterfall of customer flow and their appraisal traffic and their appraisal buy rate and the more customers we get the better. I would take a reduction in buy rate if we could get a huge increase in our customer flow but I think that’s somewhat out of our hands.Bill Armstrong – CL King & Associates: Right.
Tom Folliard: Well, I couldn’t give you -- I couldn’t tell you that exactly. But I could reference back to is my confidence and our confidence in our ability to manage through just about any wholesale environment. And if you go back to the fall of ‘08, in a three-month span, we had the worst depreciation and the largest dollar amount of depreciation we had ever seen, yet we were able to both improve our turns and improve our margins on a year-over-year basis. So I couldn’t tell you exactly what’s going to happen with margins but I feel really good about our ability to manage through any wholesale environment, up or down.Bill Armstrong – CL King & Associates: You have certainly done a good job of that. Okay. Thank you.
Tom Folliard: I’d say probably one thing we’ve learned is that we’re on top of all of those issues but in terms of commenting on the impact on our business, until we actually have something that’s passed. It’s just pure speculation and I don’t think it’s -- I don’t think there’s much we can really say until we understand what we’re up against.Tricia Gill – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Thanks.
Tom Folliard: All right. I want to thank everybody for joining us today. As always, I want to express my thanks to all of our CarMax associates and their commitment for all they do every day and we’ll see you next quarter. Thanks.
