Tom Reedy: Thanks Bill, good morning everybody. In the fourth quarter, we saw the same trends in customer flow that we've been discussing all year. We continue to experience increases in credit applications from customers at the higher end of the credit spectrum and less applications at the lower end. We believe that Tier 3 volume in the fourth quarter was also impacted by a delay in tax refunds, which as you may have seen from IRS data was about 10% lower year-over-year, in late February. This move continued to drive opportunities for cash and growth in sales where customers paid cash or brought their own financing to the table. Cash net penetration increased to 43% compared to 42% in last year's fourth quarter. Net loans originated in the quarter rose 13.2% year-over-year to $1.4 billion. This was due to a combination of both CarMax sales growth and despite some tightening of credit standards versus last year, higher penetration driven by the better credit mix. These were partially offset by a lower average amounts financed. As you saw in today's press release, we've included information on financing penetration by channel, including CAF, Tier 2, Tier 3 and other. Penetration is shown prior to three-day payoffs in order to highlight the mix of financing utilized at the point-of-sale and we hope this will be a useful information for you. We again saw a strong performance by our Tier 2 partners despite lighter application volumes. Penetration grew slightly to 18.2% versus 17.9% in last year's fourth quarter. Third-party Tier 3 sales mix was 9.4% of used unit sales compared to 14.5% for the same period last year. Consistent with last year, CAF Tier 3 activity remained at less than 1% of sales. The decrease in Tier 3 penetration resulted from the factors we have been discussing, lower application volume and credit tightening as well as the delay in tax refunds. Despite the headwinds from Tier 3, we had comps at 8.7% and 5.4% in the past two quarters. This means we have more than offset the missing sales to Tier 3 customers with sales at the higher end of the credit spectrum, which were more profitable for CarMax. CAF income fell 10% to approximately $83 million compared to the Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2016. While average managed receivables grew by 11.5% to $10.5 billion, the provision for loan losses increased and the portfolio interest margin decreased modestly. For loans originated during the quarter, the weighted average contract rate charges customers at 7.4% compared to 7.5% a year ago, and 7.3% in the third quarter. Total portfolio interest margin was 5.7% of average managed receivables. This compared to 5.9% in the fourth quarter of last year and 5.8% in the third quarter. As can see from our last year's [ph] securitization, the cost of funds has grown due to increasing benchmark rates. We have tested and implemented increased APRs to preserve our interest margin to the extent the market will let us and as always we will continue to test rates and origination strategy to optimize income for CAF and for CarMax overall. The ending allowance for loan losses at $124 million was 1.16% of ending managed receivables compared to 1.10% last quarter and 0.99% in last year's fourth quarter. Most of the sequential increase from 1.0% to 1.16% was driven by an update in the assumptions we used to construct our loss allowance. In the fourth quarter, our loss experience was largely as expected when we booked the allowance at the end of Q3. However, each year-end, we review the assumptions we used to project future losses. Our loss production methodology is based on historical experience and this year we have incorporated heavier weighting on more recent data points, which resulted in an approximately $5 million being added to the allowance. Couple of things to remember here. In the years leading up to fiscal 2017 our loss experience has been quite favorable and approximately 10% of the loss allowance relates to our Tier 3 program, as is expected. This as you know is funded separately from our core securitization program. As we have consistently demonstrated in other areas of our business, we believe that CAF is also nimble in reacting to changes in market conditions. We believe we are originating a highly financeable, profitable portfolio and that the current level of loss allowance remains consistent with our range of expectations given our origination strategy and our portfolio mix. Turning to our capital structure. During the fourth quarter we repurchased 1.5 million shares for $101 million and for the full year, we repurchased 10.3 million shares at cost of $558 million. At the end of the year, we had 1.6 billion remaining in our authorization. And now, I’ll turn the call back over to Bill.
Tom Reedy: Okay, Sharon. So on your first question, the stock-based comp, what do we think, where do we think that's going. We don't know where it's going. If it did go up another $40 million, that will probably be a good thing for us. But we have no idea to where that's going to go. And as far as the leverage on SG&A, we've said we need mid-single digits to comp. I would still hold to that. I would say we would probably need to be at the higher end because of the investments that we're putting into the business, but we still would stand by that range.
Tom Reedy: Yes, exactly, Scot. I guess I wasn't clear enough in my remarks. We wanted to give you a flavor for what financing channels we're enabling sales at point-of-sale, we're all going to continue to disclose CAF net penetration and the difference it represents as payoff.
Tom Reedy: Yes, I think the data available is public. But if you look at the spread on 2017-1, I think you'll see that benchmarks were up about 56 basis points, and spreads were virtually spread across over benchmark were virtually the same as in prior years. So we have seen and I’ll hit on this because it's probably your next question, Scott, is we did -- we have seen some escalation in benchmark rates, so that effort just meant some increase in the cost of funds for the securitization market. And as I mentioned during the quarter, we did cast and then rollout rate increases, which were pretty much 50 basis points across the board for CAF.
Tom Reedy: That’s exactly right, Scot. It's a balancing act between preserving that spread and preserving the best overall income for CarMax. So as I’ve said many times before we can only do if the markets going to allow us. So one thing that we are very good at CAF is testing things quickly, and we have the ability to do that by kind of running different champion challengers strategy. And so if when we see rates increase, we can test rates, we'll look to see how many people stick with CAF versus 3-day pass, but we’ll also look to see how that impacts our conversion at CarMax. As we’ve got to bear in mind that we don’t want to upset people over a finance offer for charging more than what the market would bear. Also, the guy that comes in on Saturday afternoon and buy the car from CarMax utilizing CAF and then pays off is better than the guy that comes in then goes to credit union on Monday and might end up somewhere else, so there is a lot of factors that we have to look at to ensure that we’re optimizing both CAF and CarMax.
Tom Reedy: Yeah, it’s actually, it improved 2% and again this is comp market share growth. And the comp markets, we’re still in the range of total share about 4% to 5%, which is similar to where we were last year.
Tom Reedy: There’s a lot of things that will go into impacting EPP revenues in the quarters ahead. So I can’t state how it will affect. But as you saw, we’re up about $13.6 million in EPP revenue and margin, because it’s the same thing. The majority of it was due to the combination of kind of sales growth, pricing changes and our penetration. We saw penetration dropped a little bit, but that's mainly expected due to the higher credit quality mix of customers. Those folks that bring their own financing, which you saw growth from 20% to 24% this quarter, are less likely to attach on those extended products. The remainder of it, which is about 5 million was due to year-over-year changes in the return reserve activity.
Tom Reedy: We don't have visibility to that actual data. But my hunch would be majority of them are doing finance -- are financing in some way, shape or form. But it represents both people who come to the table with cash or their own money, and people who close the transaction with CarMax or one of the partners and then we do it later.
Tom Reedy: Sure, I can talk to the first one. As we've been talking about through the year we did experience some tightening with our third-party Tier 3 lenders and if you remember, that was in the middle of the first quarter of this year. Since then, their behavior has been relatively consistent. I can't speak to how they behave and what their appetite is going forward. But since middle of the first quarter of last year, it's been relatively consistent behavior from those partners. As I mentioned, our Tier 2 partners have been very successful and very -- and more aggressive. They're doing more with less and we're very happy with their performance. As far as normalization, that's going to be based on whatever the marketplace will bear. From the perspective of a loss ratio, or expected allowance, remember at 1.16, that includes our Tier 3 activity, which is as we've talked about before in our releases and our disclosure, is about 10% of the overall allowance, and it only represents 1% of the portfolio. So I mean, if you kind of -- doubling the reserve as a proxy for expected [indiscernible] net loss, we're still very comfortable that we're generating a portfolio that's within the range of expectation, that we target in order to be able to access the securitization market. Now there is no hard and fast rules. This is a range that we target and there have been times when it's been at the high end and low end, and I think we'll keep an eye on how things are performing. We maintain close dialogues with the rating agencies and we'll continue to originate a portfolio that we can fund. From a spread perspective, normal is going to be whatever the market will bear. We're still looking pretty good relative to kind of the decade of the 2000s as far as spread even given some increases in interest rates. But as I've said before, when we see interest rates move, we're going to attempt to preserve that spread. But if we -- if by testing, looking at 3-day pass, looking at conversion that we determine that the market won’t bear it, then we’re going to be a market lender. So I can’t really tell you where that the market for finance is going to go through. We dependent on the appetite of our competitors.
Tom Reedy: No, I don’t think, we have, because we’ve only been provisioning since accounting change in 2010. We’ve give a range of where we expect cumulative net losses to run, and that’s kind of in the 2% to 2.5% range. And as I said, you can kind of -- the provision is a one year look forward.
Tom Reedy: Yeah, let me answer your second question first, and that is, there’s not nearly that much precision around recoveries. As I mentioned I think a couple questions ago, we originate loans based on the knowledge that in the future we won’t know what recoveries are and we have a range of recoveries that we’ve experienced over time. And so we go into the equation contemplating a range of recoveries and hopefully it falls within that range. So there is really not much to be specific on that front. As far as the credit profile or the CAF customer versus Tier 2 versus Tier 3, in general they’re going to -- CAF is going to be at the very highest level, because we take the first look and nothing goes down to Tier 2 or 3 until after we’ve either declined them or asked for conditions on their financing. But CAF does if you look at our securitizations and we do lend across a pretty broad spectrum, our average FICO this quarter is 707 for the portfolio, but we do a lot of stuff higher than that and some stuff lower than that as well. So you -- I mean, you can get a flavor for that, but we do to a relatively broad spectrum of credit, but we’re not looking only at FICO scores as the measure for whether we’ll approve a person and what we’ll charge them as far as rate. And so in Tier 2 and Tier 3, I guess, Tier 3 is what you would call deeper sub-prime. In general, that’s going to be 550 and below. And then Tier 2 is kind of a gap in between, but it’s very hard to give any specifics on that because everybody has got their own methodology that’s why we have multiple lenders and various space to maximize the sales for CarMax.
Tom Reedy: Sure. I'll start with the first one. As I mentioned when I described the allowance, it was a result of a change in the assumptions we used behind the scenes, I'm not going to go into detail on it, but it was -- we're using more recent data and weighting that heavier in the historical portion of what we utilized to build the allowance. Recovery rates, as I've said when we originate loans, we go into them knowing that there can be a range in the future when the loss may indeed happen, so we don't have any prescription what they're going to be. And your second question is on the Tier 3 test. I think it's steady as it goes. We're comfortable with the portfolio. It's not doing anything unexpected as far as its performance. And again, we're originating roughly 5% of the Tier 3 volume that CarMax does. So as the customer applicant flow increases and decreases, our volume of the Tier 3 will increase and decrease with it. We're not changing the way we approach it. And we're comfortable participating in this manner for the foreseeable future. We like, as we said it originally, we really are interested in learning more about the space. And even if it's just to have better information to manage our partners, I think it's helpful for us to have a toe in the water with this.
Tom Reedy: Yes, we mentioned earlier in the year that we put a private securitizing structure in place to fund this business. If it were something that we decided to expand and continue for a longer period of time, we would also consider permanent funding, but as far as the public market at this point, I don't know.
Tom Reedy: What I can tell you is, it's a much higher APR and it's a much higher expected loss. I mean, you can kind of extrapolate from the data that we've given regarding the size of the allowance that this comprised of Tier 3 that we're expecting -- you expect roughly 10 times the losses in Tier 3 that you do it in CAF.
Tom Reedy: Yes. So, obviously, the retail GPUs are important thing for us to focus on. We’ve been focused on and we’ll continue to focus on them. I think in my opening comments, I talked about the fact that we’ve been able to maintain these $2,100 to $2,200 range for the last 24 consecutive quarters. During that time period, there have been lots of fluctuations in price. I would even go back to, if you think about the recession, when our average selling price went down by about 20%, we were still able to maintain GPUs during that time. So it’s hard for me to say, I think of a situation we can’t maintain the GPUs. Now that being said, we do constantly test to see if giving up GPU will drive more sales and does it make sense for the overall business. If we saw a scenario where that elasticity was different and benefited CarMax, we would certainly do that. We have not seen that, and we will continue to focus on hitting that target.
Tom Reedy: As I said, it depends, it probably depends on a lot of factors. If you put that in isolation, the answer is yes, but you also expect some lower losses on that from that set of customers.
Tom Reedy: Yeah, I don’t want to give any forward-looking, but you can hypothesize that as we get more and more high credit customers in there with lower loss expectations, we would see that all else equal, forgetting the changing environment, you would see the portfolio expected losses start to drift down, which means we might be leaving something on the table at the other end and we’re constantly looking for pockets, as I said, for pockets where we can expand and contract as it makes sense. So we still do that to the greatest extent possible.
Tom Reedy: Let me clarify that too, the increase vis-à-vis Q3 from 1.10 to 1.16, not year-over-year. Obviously, we’ve had negative loss experience during the course of the year that’s incorporated that has already been built into that over the first three quarters.
Tom Reedy: I think the fact that the inventory -- I think we had -- I think industry estimates are saying about 3 million cars -- incremental cars came off lease this past year. They're estimating another 3 million to 4 million next year. I think that availability of inventory certainly plays into or is a component as I said earlier, in our comp sales. There are a lot of things that I think play into the reason our comp sales are where they're today. Our average selling price this quarter was down, but it's a little bit of two-sided story. One, it was driven up by the fact that our mix in trucks, large SUVs, that went up a little bit, caused it to go up. But then, the overall acquisition price went down. So that offset any increase in that -- increase in the truck inventory. I think, as we go forward, I think it'll continue to be a positive for CarMax as far as whether a change is up the mix. I think the leasing date I think -- a lot of leases on trucks and large SUVs, so over time I would expect that to further back into the marketplace, and that could be some push to make average selling prices higher, but it remains to be seen.
Tom Reedy: Yes, Bill, I would just tell you we haven't seen anything that's worth mentioning. It just hasn't played out to any type of meaningful impact for us at this point.
Tom Reedy: I would be speculating. Like I said, I think overall for us, we haven't seen -- it just hadn't been an issue for us. So I can't really say if it's a little bit more impactful on the lower end or the higher end. It's just overall hasn't been meaningful number for us at all.
Tom Reedy: Yes, I am glad you asked that. There's a couple of things to comment on there and probably the go forward one is the bigger issue. At any given period, state tax items can cause the rate to move in, particularly year-end when you're truing up. And this year, we had a number of things fall favorably from that perspective on the true ups. We also as required reserve for uncertain tax positions, and from time to time these positions become certain whether it's because of their resolved or their statue limitations goes away, and this year we had a number of items that timed out from that perspective as well. So there are some favorability on state side that caused the change in rate. On a go forward basis, I think because of the [indiscernible] guidance regarding stock-based compensation, which I'm sure many of you are familiar with, that new treatment is likely to cause significant volatility in effective tax rate and then consequently net income versus pretax income. And then you can go look at the guidance yourself. In effect with it on a go forward basis, tax benefits or deficiencies from option exercises will now flow through the income statement in the tax line rather than flowing through the balance sheet in equity. What that means is in any given year, changes in stock price, changes in option exercise behavior will have an impact on your tax rate and just insert other potentially significant level of volatility in that tax rate and then like I said consequently net income. So good stuff happened. This year going forward it's very hard to give you any kind of guidance what the tax rate would be.
Tom Reedy: Not at all. Yeah, this is just the kind of reflection of where that tax shield or cost runs through. But it definitely will impact reported net income and EPS, so you may want to consider that if you think about things.
Tom Reedy: Yes, I’ll just add a little bit of color there with regard to Tier 2 and Tier 3 phenomenon. There’s clearly, as we’ve said, a decline in the number of applicants in that at that very low end. But I think our Tier 2 partners are doing a great job in their approach to credit and a small portion or some portion of the decline in Tier 3 may have been picked up by Tier 2. But it’s impossible to say what.
Tom Reedy: Last year we [Multiple Speakers] Yes, there's a little disconnect there. So it is not quite consistent with the 15 reported last year. We have some other programs that are higher credit, referral type programs that are not CAF. Definitely trying to cue [ph] on our CAF. We've now bucketed them with Tier 2, that represented about 1.5%, so that's the disconnect.
Tom Reedy: I think in general, people with higher credit and more wherewithal to get funding migrate more to others. So people -- that's credit unions and that’s also people with cash. So as we -- it's not surprising, as we've seen double-digit growth at the very highest end of the credit spectrum, kind of the 700, 750 and above, and shrinkage at the very lowest end to assume that some of that's just flow that higher credit people who have access to other funding are buying more cars.
Tom Reedy: That's some really old data that I don't -- I can't put my fingers on. If you go -- you can get an idea for it. But what I can say is the spectrum of credits that we lend to has not changed dramatically over time, and there's fine-tuning here and there. During the recession and into kind of 2010 time period, we significantly dialed back on what we're doing to ensure that we have a highly finance of portfolio, and we were successful at having our partner step up and taking more volume. From 2011 kind of forward, we've been moving back to what we've historically done. I can give you that color, but as far as details, not really.
Tom Reedy: That's going to depend on the environment. We're always fine-tuning. We don't talk about that kind of detail.
Bill Nash: Hi, Matt. I will start with your last question. The adjustment in the allowance for loan losses does not include any prognostication or reaction to recoveries in specific. We base our loss allowance on -- with real experience and on some historical data, so the adjustment that we made was really refinement in the assumptions that we used around that relating to the part that is based on historical data and we have elected to wait, recent experience a little bit heavier than longer-term experience. So that I think that’s question one. I think with regard to wholesale recovery rates, all else equal, weaker rate does put some pressure on loss experience, but I think as we've said in the past, there are several factors that come into play and the customer's willingness and/or ability to pay is a much more powerful driver than what we’re recovering on the losses. Anecdotally, if you’re looking at a $15,000 car loan, this difference between recovering 50% and getting $7,500 and flipping three percentage points and only getting $7,050 is very de minimis relative to being able to keep that customer in the car and not lose the entire deal altogether. And since no one can predict the future, we’re making our credit decisions with the knowledge that we have and the knowledge that recoveries can fall within a range in the future.
Bill Nash: Sure, sure. I’ll hit your questions in order there, Brian. As far as looking forward into provision, by definition, the provision is what we believe losses to be over the next 12 months, and it is our best estimate at the time given the information we have, very difficult to speak to the future. Now, as I mentioned, we conducted an examination of how to construct the loan allowance, and our methodology relies on both what’s going on currently and historical experience because you can’t really predict the future. The fact that we've moved to a heavier weighting on recent experience is likely to result in the model being a little bit more reactive to changes in both directions. That’s on the things that's good or bad, but we’ve always got to be careful when we’re talking about the loan allowance because one period isn’t always telling on what’s going on in the marketplace over time. So it’s really a balance between kind of speed of reacting to what’s going on currently and the risk of selling back and forth by overreacting in the long run. I guess that's as much color as I can give you on that. And as far as CAF and our credit standards, we're always looking at pockets where we can expand, where we contract. We have taken some deliberate measures over the past year to tighten credit, to improve what we expect losses to come out at, and as we always do, the folks down at Atlanta will continue to look at that on an ongoing basis.
Bill Nash: There'll be some growth in headcount and pay at the company because we are going15-ish for of the year.
Bill Nash: Craig, it’s hard to pinpoint exact amounts that are driving. In my opening remarks I talked about several different factors. Some of this improvement on the customer experience. Some of the improvement that we’ve made for website and SEO. I would also add to that, we had and Tom talked about that in his remarks, we had a higher mix of high credit customers. And as you know, high credit customers convert better than lower credit customers. So that has an impact on it as well. I think inventory availability had an impact, so there’s a lot of different factors and it’s hard to quantify how much the web is driving it versus all these other factors, including just better execution at the store level.
Bill Nash: I think as I said, during the quarter, we increased rates pretty much 50 basis points across the board. If you look now you see that the best rate that you can get at CarMax is about 2.45 versus 1.95 several months ago. And to answer your question, it really depends on what’s coming through the door and what the market will bear. As I said, we’ve got to provide competitive offers to what people can achieved outside the CarMax system for our customers in order to keep them happy. And as rates move, we’re very cognizant down in Atlanta of the spread and maintaining profitability of CAF, and as we see things move, we’ll constantly look for opportunities to optimize it.
Bill Nash: Well, I think to Tom’s point also, it depends on what the competitive -- what the competition looks like as they move the rate for the higher tier customer as well.
Bill Nash: Yes, so on the first question, on when we lapped the Tier 3 headwind, that would be after the first quarter of this year. That's when we started seeing the tightening by the partners.
Bill Nash: It's really hard to quantify how much it impacted the quarter or the month. We do and I think Tom talked about in his introductory remarks that they are I said by the end of February, year-over-year there were probably about 10% less refunds. We think that it had an impact but it's really hard to quantify the degree. It's really not something over a longer period of time, it's really it all comes down in the wash.
Bill Nash: As we've mentioned Bill, the theme throughout the year has been really one of volume of credit apps at that lower end not showing up as much. Or at least not pulling the trigger on applying for credit so it's hard to define what's the driver of that. It could be that they do have more negative equity on a less comp and therefore not coming in the plan, but that would be a hypothesis.
Bill Nash: Yeah, it’s hard -- it will be hard to say for sure. But in an all-equal environment, I think if we had not seen such a decrease in the Tier 3, same-store sales could have been higher. But keep in mind as far as other people picking these up, what we’ve talked about even today and previous this year is a lot of that is driven by the fact that customers just aren’t coming in the door. So it’s not like they’re coming in the door and we’re not getting them and somebody else is getting. We’re just not seeing them. And the dynamics that Tom just spoke to a little bit, but really is the hypothesis on our side as far as why they’re not coming in. So whether that is not going to other people. I don’t think that’s necessarily the case. I think we’ve seen industry numbers that support that this is our phenomena that goes beyond CarMax.
Bill Nash: Yeah, let’s not forget, I mean, while we’re having at the Tier 3 sales, they’re also our least profitable sales. And the fact that our core business is growing at such a good rate, those are way more profitable sales for us, so we’re very pleased with that.
Bill Nash: Yeah, average selling prices. We don’t -- I mean, we target the GPU as average selling prices go down, we can still maintain GPUs and pass those savings along to customers. And as I spoke to earlier, we demonstrated this in multiple periods when there's been the high fluctuation in pricing. So, and then on top of that, we'll continue as an organization to look at opportunities to take cost out of the system, but through cost of goods sold and through SG&A. And when you take cost of goods sold down, you have the option of passing that along in the form of lower prices or you could take some of that to margin, and we will look at that as we continue to make progress.
Bill Nash: Yes, so non-brand, so searches that folks do that don't include CarMax, since June since we brought up the website, those searches are more than doubled. And that's important because we already do well on the CarMax brand when people search that, but it's important because a lot of folks will start their search with things like Honda Accord or Honda or Accord, which don't speak to CarMax. So making progress on that we feel is a very good thing because that's the way most people search and we feel like we've a lot of upside and a lot of work we can still to do to get better at that.
Bill Nash: Well, remember, what we're talking about is SEO, search engine optimization versus search engine marketing. Search engine marketing is what you pay for the ads. Search engine optimization, the way you -- it's not necessary that you're paying for ads. The way we do it is, through this year, we've done a couple different things. One, it started with the website. Since the new website, we've also redesigned how the search engines crawl our website and make it so it's more efficient for them to crawl. We focus on keywords, again keywords that aren't related to CarMax, and building up pages and so that when the search engines search your website, they see keywords and like, okay, CarMax must be an expert on that, so we're going to bring them into the organic search. Content, that's another way we've increased our SEO, building relevant content that again when the search engines look at your website, it's relevant to the questions that people are asking. So those are the levers that we pulled in and we will continue to pull to get the SEO or the organic search going for our customers.
Bill Nash: Yes, that is the view out there, and actually, that's what we've demonstrated of being able to do for many years now.
Bill Nash: Well, I can address that. I mean there -- we strive to have a credit offering for customers across the spectrum and as we've talked about many times before, CarMax Auto Finance participates at the higher end of that credit rate, and we take a look at everything. If we don’t approve, we pass it down and we have a pool of very strong, very savvy Tier 2 lenders that all take a look at those customers and compete for it. And we think having a portfolio of those lenders add sales and benefit to CarMax, and then we have a Tier 3 offering. So we attempt to have a finance offering in place for any customer that would come through the door so as to insulate ourselves from those kinds of changes. That said, as Bill mentioned earlier, higher credit quality customers tend to convert more readily than low credit quality customers perhaps just because by virtue of the fact that the offers they are getting a more attractive. The Tier 3 offers are typically less attractive. So it’s, like I said, it’s impossible to correlate these two things, but we think we do everything we can to manage in whatever environment we are at.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Victoria. Just a couple of things. One, if you didn’t get to ask the call, please feel free to call -- yes, if you didn’t get to ask a question during the call, please feel free to call IR, to call Kathryn, and we’ll talk to you off-line. I also just wanted to -- given the nature of the questions this whole session on Auto Finance, I just really want to reiterate Tom, one of Tom’s early statement, which is, like the rest of the business we've consistently demonstrated CAF can be nimble and react to different changes in market conditions. We feel good about the lifetime loss we’re shorting for at this point, and so we feel good about the CAF business. I want to thank all of you for joining the call and your interest in CarMax today. I also especially want to thank our associates nationwide who are continuing to work hard to deliver the incredible customer experience every day. We were recently honored as a Fortune 100 best companies to work for on that list for the 13th year in a year. That is absolutely a testament to our associates. They are out there driving what’s possible every day for each other, for the customers, for the communities. They are CarMax, they are a differentiator. I’m proud of their accomplishments. I'm proud to work beside them, and I look forward to a great new year. Talk to you next quarter.
