Keith Allman: Thank you, Irene, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 4. Consistent with our performance throughout the year, Masco delivered another quarter of revenue and margin growth. I'm pleased with this performance, particularly when you consider the tough comparisons we faced. Recall that in the third quarter of 2013, our topline increased by 12% and our operating profit margin expanded by 260 basis points. Despite this tough comparison, we increased our topline in this quarter by 4% and expanded our profit margin by 60 basis points. This represents the best third quarter we've had since 2007. As a result of this performance, we achieved 15% growth in EPS to $0.31 per common share. I would note that unfortunate higher medical costs and other expenses cost us $0.01 per share in the quarter. Our performance was primarily driven by Plumbing Products, Other Specialty, and Installation and Services segments. Similar to last quarter, our plumbing and windows businesses experienced strong sales and favorable mix primarily in the trade and showroom channel. In North America, the investments we've made in new products and programs continue to pay off. Delta achieved a record sales quarter in Q3. We are very pleased with our Delta toilet program, which has sold over 0.5 million units in less than two years. This is just one example of how our consumer-focused innovations and strong brands continue to drive growth. Despite a softening Eurozone, our international businesses fared well. Hansgrohe, for example, continued their strong execution and achieved yet another record sales quarter. In total, our international sales were up 5% in the quarter, 3% in local currency. I'm extremely proud of both teams and congratulate them on their exceptional execution. Our Installation business delivered another quarter of solid growth by capitalizing on new home construction trends and executing on their strategy to diversify their business into the commercial and retrofit channels. As we announced last month, our teams are working on the spin-off transaction of this business and it remains on track to be completed by mid-year 2015. As I previously communicated, our Cabinets segment's turnaround is the top priority. In the quarter, we took additional actions to improve the future performance of this business. Our industry-leading lead times are a hallmark of our Merillat brand and we have made the necessary investments to meet that brand promise. We also announced the closure of two idle facilities in the business as we're confident that we can meet our growth plans without this capacity. Despite our near-term challenges in cabinetry, our overall company performance reinforces that our strategies are working. We'll continue to execute and invest in innovation, customer-focused programs and brand to drive our business. Let me give you some examples of how we continue to lead the industry with innovation. The Home Depot awarded Behr its Innovation of the Year Award for Marquee interior. And the EPA named Delta its 2014 WaterSense Partner of the Year for the third time in four years. Before I turn the call over to John, I'd like to leave you with three key takeaways. Number one, we have taken important action at Cabinets to make the business more competitive in the long term. These actions have resulted in cost variances that were higher than expected, but necessary for the turnaround of the business. We have restored our lead times in Q3 and are positioning this business for growth in 2015. Number two, I'm pleased with the overall performance in the third quarter. We posted our strongest third quarter for the company since 2007 and I feel very good about that.  Number three, our focus on our strategic initiatives is paying off. We are being recognized as industry leaders in innovation by our customers and we are executing successfully despite fluid macroeconomic environments in both Europe and North America. Now I'd like to turn the call over to John who will take you through our segments from a financial and operational perspective.
Keith Allman: We continue to see our R&R growth fairly steady from what we've seen in the last quarter. And going forward, we look at it approximately GDP plus 2, in that range. With regards to the demand as it relates to smaller ticket versus bigger ticket, again very similar to last quarter. We're seeing good volume on the opening price points in our retail channel on the higher end. Bigger ticket items, we're seeing good wholesale and showroom volume. So I would characterize our R&R volume as being constant with what we saw last quarter.
Keith Allman: As we implement that, we expect our run rate post-spend to be in terms of corporate SG&A in the range of $100 million.
Keith Allman: A big determinant of that is our mix and where the growth in the global market comes. As we've seen higher growth in emerging markets, that mix tends to be a little bit more dilutive. Also a significant contributor would be the growth rate of our adjacent products as we expand into other areas of the bath in North America. That bath is also a lower margin play for us, but good return on our investments. So the key determiner on our sustainability, if you will, on those margins in that space is the growth rate around category expansion and the growth rate in emerging markets, both of which is our focus and both tend to be a little bit lower margin.
Keith Allman: We made a decision to more aggressively get back to our industry-leading lead times in the Merillat brand. Again, we're talking on the builder side of the business mainly. We put an extreme focus on that as we listened to our customer base and understood the value of that. And in doing so, we put mainly labor inefficiencies in play as we made those improvements.
Keith Allman: We think we'll see in the range of $5 million to $10 million of inefficiencies associated with this that bleed into next year and then after that will be clean.
Keith Allman: Mike, there's a number of ways to execute a share repurchase program and we're looking at a variety of options on how to do so.
Keith Allman: In October, we're seeing good steady growth. I'd characterize it as being consistent with what we've seen in this past quarter.
Keith Allman: I would say it's more of the former. It's our issue and we're working our way back to our more normalized level of efficiencies and productivities. We've put a bit of focus on getting our lead times back to our customer base. Our quality is good. We're by and large over the issues with the customer. And these are internal issues that we're now focused on currently and then certainly into 2015 with a solid work stream of issues that we're driving to get that productivity back.
Keith Allman: We're not perfect with the customer base, but I'd tell you we're back to our industry-leading lead time and significantly improved.
Keith Allman: We're committed to what we've disclosed, which is buying back 50 million shares over the next few years. In terms of our specific cadence, you'll see that as we report our Q.
Keith Allman: I think it'll be more significant and that we don't expect those costs and the inefficiencies associated with driving from five to two ERP systems and closing down the factories that we've had. So in the range of $20 million to $25 million, we don't expect that to re-occur.
Keith Allman: I think we look at that business consistently. And that is we still think that this business is generally high-teens margins. Absolutely we need to make investments in this business and we'll incur some expense in doing so, yes, but we still think the margin profile of this business is not significantly unchanged.
Keith Allman: As you know, we've had significant new product introductions and programs aimed at providing differentiation of better service and helping our dealers make more money, and that's paying off. So we're seeing some nice consistent growth and share gain in the dealer channel. On the builder side, we're keeping the business we want to keep. There's some business that didn't make sense for us from a profitability standpoint. There's some business that we moved to more efficiently serve through our dealer network. And we are enjoying the macroeconomics of some 10% gain and starts this year versus last year. On the retail side, we've got aggressive and made some moves with regards to our pricing and promotion strategies and we're working to find that sweet spot and the elasticity to be more effective.
Keith Allman: I think it's fair to put back that $30 million to $35 million of incremental inefficiency cost that we have incurred. And then when you look at our growth rate, you could see our drop-down margin in the range of 40%. We're focused on attaining share and growing with the market. So I think that's a good way to look at it.
Keith Allman: We feel good about paint and we are continuing to reinvest behind it, no question about it. We had a tough comp in the range of 9% last quarter. We had some inventory timing issues in the channel. We're seeing good replenishment orders coming back. So we continue to be positive on the growth prospects of paint.
Keith Allman: There were a couple of factors in deciding to take these plants completely offline. One is our efficiencies that we're seeing in our component plants. As you recall, we closed two component plants and moved that volume into one and we wanted to be sure of our capacity capability in that plant. What we're seeing is encouraging. So we have good capacity improvements versus our initial plan as we've ramped that factory. Secondly, as John alluded to, there was a whole lot of cost to keeping these plants online, and we chose to keep that for a while as a buffer to see if we were to going to see a significant spike in new home construction mainly as this is focused on the Merillat and our builder business. Good growth, we're seeing 10% uptick, but we wanted to make sure that we are prepared should we see something significantly greater. And we're not seeing that. So that's why we made the decision to take them completely offline.
Keith Allman: George, we don't have that number here in the early fourth quarter at this time. We haven't closed out the month of October just yet.
Keith Allman: Our objective is to take share. We're doing that with our products and our programs. We're going to do that with more consistent delivery on our lead times. It was a tough year for us in '14. We made some fundamental improvements to the business, taken our ERP systems from five to two, shutting down two significant component plants, taken these mothballed plants offline. We've reinvigorated our product development process and we're focused on the customer needs, and it's paying off. But it was a tough year with regards to our performance. We understand more about the elasticity in our pricing and program schemes in retail, which we'd like to continue to refine, which we think will drive share as well. So we plan on outperforming the market in '15.
Keith Allman: I'm upbeat on both sides for different reasons that we've talked about. Certainly the dealer segment in this industry is significantly bigger than the retail, and we intend to gain share in both segments.
Keith Allman: I think they're completely different initiatives when you're talking about information system that manages the complicated supply chain versus a corporate office staff reduction. I would not characterize our corporate office staff reduction as risky. We've worked with our business units. We understand the business processes that we need to change. We've made those changes and we're moving forward.
Keith Allman: I don't see any big difference in our Home Center partners' view on the Cabinet business. It's a good business for them. Certainly there's tweaks that different customers make to their plan and to their layouts as they work to optimize their model. But there's no question that Cabinets is an important part of the Home Center channel and that's going to continue to be that way from my perspective.
Keith Allman: Our share of multi-family and single-family is about equivalent as the overall market. Our Cabinet business, our installation business all participate in the multi-family segment of the builder channel. And our share there is consistent with our share in the single-family side.
Keith Allman: As you may be aware, we're going to be repositioning this business through the downturn. Prior to the financial crisis, this business was heavily focused on residential new construction. And through the course of about six to seven years, we have delivered strides to reposition the business to be a much repair/remodel oriented business. And we are seeing the benefits of that repositioning now over the last multiple quarters, as they deliver strong topline growth in each of the last six or seven quarters here largely from the remodeling efforts they put forth. So we feel really good about how that business is positioned in the marketplace.
Keith Allman: We saw some very nice double-digit operating margins in the segment in the quarter. This has experienced good drop-downs historically in the 30% range. And so as we continue to grow this business, we expect to continue to experience the 30% drop-downs on this segment as well.
Keith Allman: Pricing has done a good job of offsetting some of our input costs. The bigger benefit has been the mix shift. We have seen upgrading of our products to a higher price point products in both windows and doors. And so we're pleased with the consumers' reaction to our new products in the marketplace.
Keith Allman: It is pretty steady. I'm thinking from a month-to-month basis here in my head. It was pretty steady. We had some replenishment orders in paint where that volume, as we talked about, and our channel tends to fluctuate and we're seeing that coming back in October. So there is a little bit of timing there. But by and large from an overall demand perspective, it's been pretty smooth for the quarter.
Keith Allman: It's been nothing that really stands out. It's been pretty calm, pretty stable throughout the quarter.
Keith Allman: I think we're going to talk about that more in detail at the Investor Day. But I would characterize it more on the spooling upside.
Keith Allman: First of all, the lead time, we measure it just as at the time from when we receive the order until the time when that order is shipped. From a fill rate perspective, we hold ourselves high to a line item fill rate metrics. So it's extremely difficult versus looking at it from an order basis.
Keith Allman: We have the industry lead time in the Merillat side of the business. We've had that for a long time, and that's extremely important to our dealer base. And when you look at where we are with KraftMaid with our four-week lead time, that's very competitive in the dealer base overall.
Keith Allman: We are about 400 or 500 stores at the end of the second quarter. We completed the rollout by 1,800 stores in the third quarter. So we're still seeing some of the sell-through and it just gained some traction now. It is a slightly higher price point. This is in a $40 to $45 gallon range. And we do anticipate very good response. The initial reaction has been positive. We'll keep you updated as the quarters roll out, because we'll have more data here in 90 days, et cetera, et cetera.
Keith Allman: That was not all related to the ERP. If you look back to the beginning of the year, we had two significant component plants that we've taken offline. And there's efficiencies associated with that as we move business from one plant to another. As I said, one of the drivers of why we decided to take our mothballed plants offline was that we were seeing our performance in the remaining component plants. So it was a combination of plant closures as well as some significant ERP implementations.
John Sznewajs: Our general corporate expense has been running in the range of $30 million to $35 million a quarter. Maybe you saw here in the third quarter that on adjusted basis that came down to $22 million. It's probably a little light just given the rationalization charges and the severance charges that we incurred in the third quarter, because all the action was taken on September 30th. So as Keith mentioned just a minute ago, going forward, I think what you should expect to see from us is a general corporate expense number in the circa $100 million range on an annual basis with a little bit of ups and downs on an individual quarter basis. Now that said, we really won’t get to that run rate until this spin is executed. So between now and then, we will continue to experience some additional severance cost each quarter as we have some people staying through to help us with the spin. And secondly, we will be incurring $10 million a quarter in spin related costs that will be running through general corporate expense as well. So I think in the near term, it'll stay in that $30 million to $35 million. We'll see the benefits starting in the third quarter of next year.
John Sznewajs: As we have in the last several years, we've only generated about $150 million of profit improvements on a gross basis. And those profit improvements are driven by lean efficiencies, supply chain work, et cetera. And those are offset by things generally like wage inflation, medical benefit inflation and other things that we incur on a regular basis with our business. And typically, for the last five years, we've been about neutral on our net benefit on price commodity. This year we're anticipating a slight benefit. I think in the beginning of the year, we're hopeful if we could get $15 million to $20 million of a net benefit. That didn't materialize this year. We ran into some unanticipated inefficiencies at our Cabinet operation that we did not clearly expect at the beginning of the year. And so that quickly ate into our expected net benefit to bring that down to zero here. So as we look forward into 2015, while we haven't finished our budgeting process yet, I would be hopeful if we could generate some net benefit. Probably we'll give you a little bit more color on that benefit at the Analyst Day in February. And we can layer that number on top of that $30 million to $40 million benefit that we expect to get, and that's going to be a one-time benefit that we expect to get as a result of the headcount reductions that we announced on September 30th. Sorry, I can't give you a little bit more color at this point. We're still working through our budgeting process here.
John Sznewajs: With respect to Europe, I think we're seeing a little bit of two different stories in Europe. Our continental European businesses are seeing the slower growth, as evidenced by the 2% up that I mentioned in local currency in Plumbing. So relatively soft growth, a good growth compared to overall GDP that the Eurozone is putting up. That said, I'd tell you our UK businesses continue to benefit from the strength in housing in the UK. We saw very good strength in the UK both in our window, our plumbing business and our cabinet business from a topline perspective.
John Sznewajs: As I mentioned, we expect to incur $8 million to $10 million of transaction or spin related costs as we move forward for the next several quarters. That $30 million to $35 million drops to kind of circa $25 million on an adjusted basis absent the one-time spin related cost.
John Sznewajs: You factor out the $35 million, but you look at our normal drop-down margin on this business. We should be in the 30%, 35% range on growth. So you see that going forward. As we make our way back from housing starts of circa 1 million this year to 1.5 million, you can kind of factor that drop-down incremental margin into your model.
John Sznewajs: On the expense or the benefit side, we were not incurring significant cost to keep these facilities around. So we were simply continuing to secure them. So the benefit now by primarily closing those will be approximately $3 million per year.
John Sznewajs: Nothing in particular at this time, as you think about the commodity conflicts that impact our business. We have been experiencing from time to time installation inflation from the manufacturers and we'll see some more of that going forward into 2015. And then in terms of inputs, propylene has been running a little high. And so that has continued to have some cost pressures on our inputs. And actually wood and finishing materials have been elevated over the course of the year. And so we expect that will probably continue into 2015 as well.
