Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, Maria, and thank all of you for joining us today for Masco's fourth quarter 2013 earnings call. And if you would please move to Slide #4, we're very pleased with our fourth quarter and full year 2013 results. We had a great year. As we have for the last several quarters, Masco's fourth quarter results showed strong sales and profit growth compared to the prior year quarter. And you might remember that in the fourth quarter of 2012, we had a very strong quarter with sales up 11%. Our leadership position in the building products industry and our focused execution against the housing recovery benefited all of our segments this quarter with all 5 contributing to our sales and profit growth. In North America, we continue to benefit from increased new home construction activity and from improving repair and remodel activity as consumers invest in bigger ticket projects, like windows and cabinets. In addition, our international sales and profits continue to increase as a result of a solid performance by our international plumbing and window businesses in a slowly improving economic environment in the Eurozone. New products and new programs resulting from our emphasis on customer-driven innovation generated a vitality index for 2013 in excess of 30% and helped Behr, Delta and Hansgrohe achieve record annual sales. We're seeing the benefit of our strict focus on cost containment, as well as our ongoing commitments to total cost productivity as evidenced by our strong incremental margins for both the fourth quarter and the full year 2013. And importantly, our installation and cabinet segments were both profitable in 2013. As previously indicated, returning these segments to profitability has been a top priority for Masco. The fourth quarter was a solid close to a strong year. For both the fourth quarter and the full year 2013, our sales were up 9% and our operating leverage drove improved operating margins, which were up over 200 basis points. And again, that's for both the fourth quarter and the full year 2013. Those metrics helped drive EPS to more than double on a full year basis and free cash flow to exceed $500 million. In addition to improving the math related to our financial results, we also accomplished each of the priorities we identified at the beginning of 2013, which are included on Slide #5. We delivered on what we said we were going to do at the beginning of the year. We'll touch on these items as we work our way through the presentation. They represent areas of focus in support of our strategic initiatives, which are included on Slide #6. As we communicated in the past, our strategy is focused on 4 key elements to drive performance. Our commitment and investment to expand our market leadership positions was illustrated by Behr's PREMIUM PLUS ULTRA recently being recognized as the #1 rated interior paint by an independent third party. We're also excited to announce the launch of our new super premium BEHR MARQUEE interior paint and primer, which is being rolled out in select markets as we speak. In addition, our phased introduction of new products to support our Merillat cabinet brand and our redesign of our Hot Spring Spas have been extremely well received by their respective dealers. Our company-wide emphasis on cost control and sales increase is reflected by our improvement in gross and operating margins. John will discuss that in a couple of minutes, but we're really pleased with that outcome. Our installation segment is capitalizing on improved market dynamics that drove sales in all channels of their business. By remaining focused on profitability, they continued their trend of improving operating profit. North American cabinetry continues to benefit from positive trends in new home construction and repair/remodel activity. As I mentioned, consumers are taking on bigger-ticket remodel projects, which is helping our KraftMaid brand, particularly in the dealer channel. The team continues to execute on their strategic plan, positioning the business for future profitable growth. Combined, these segments, cabinets and installation, improved operating profit by $22 million in the fourth quarter and by $113 million for the full year 2013 compared to 2012. In addition, we remain committed to strengthening our balance sheet and increasing our financial flexibility. John will talk about our progress in 2013 in a couple of minutes. These strategic highlights demonstrate our continued focus on execution, which produced another strong quarter and a great year. And if you would please move to Slide #7, John Sznewajs, our CFO, will take you through our financial and operational review.
Timothy Wadhams: Back to Tim before Keith. Thanks, John. And if you would please move to Slide #16. As John mentioned and as I think all of you know, this is my last earnings call. And I want to thank all of you for your support and interest in Masco over the years. And I wish all of you continued success. I believe that Masco is in a great position to drive additional shareholder value as the recovery in housing continues. I'm very proud of our performance in 2013, and I want to thank our employees across the enterprise for their commitment and dedication. Keith has an outstanding team to lead, and I'm very excited about Masco's future. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Masco's new President and CEO, effective this Friday, Keith Allman.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. I want to thank everybody again for being with us today, and appreciate your questions, and have a good rest of the day. Take care.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. Stephen, it's John. I think we are starting to see some improvement in volumes in repair/remodel activity. I guess, the evidence I would point to is, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, sales to our dealer channel in cabinetry, which is largely a repair/remodel-oriented channel, were up mid-teens percent in the quarter. So I think that's strong evidence. And if you look across our other big-ticket item that we see is windows. We saw nice repair/remodel activity there in the fourth quarter as well. So that complemented with our plumbing business, which was up 8%. And that's largely repair/remodel-oriented products as well. All leads us to believe that volumes are continuing to pick up.
John G. Sznewajs: In terms of mix, we're not seeing a whole lot of mix at this point. If anything, mix in the cabinet segment was a little bit negative just because, as I mentioned, sales to production builders grew at a more accelerated rate than sales on the repair/remodel channels. We are starting to see a little bit higher average selling prices in some of our cabinetry products, which is indicative of consumers willing to trade up a little bit within the segment.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, you're right. Stephen, you're right. Incremental margins were strong in a couple of segments, both plumbing and cabinets. Cabinets -- just to refresh everyone's memory, we generally drop about 30% to 35% incremental margins across the company. Our manufacturing segment tend to be a little bit higher, closer to the 30%, 35% range. Our installation segment tends to be a little bit lower, closer to the 25% range. And so yes, indeed, we saw about a 62% incremental margin in cabinetry in the quarter. Some of that was driven by volume increases. And we saw a -- but also some of it has to do with the fact that we've seen some reduced promotional activity on the marketplace, and that helped supplement what we normally see in terms of drop down. On the plumbing side, again just good volume leverage across the board. On installation, you did reference something a little bit lighter in that segment. That, you may have heard, was impacted by $5 million of insurance-related expenses in the quarter which, if you factor that out, they would have there kind of a normal 28%, 30% incremental margin there. Our paint business, as I mentioned, was impacted by about $6 million of investments that we had related to advertising, promotions, international growth. But beyond that, I think we are in generally pretty good shape in that segment. So I feel pretty good about our incremental margins. Overall for the year, we were up 33%, incremental margins. So I think the company is performing as we expected.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. So Eric, December was up high single digits. We previously indicated that October, November were up high single digits and so December has continued that trend. As it relates to January, a couple things. We saw a little bit better business in Europe. They're not experiencing the harsh winter that we're experiencing here so that was some strength. And then the other area, just generally speaking, where we saw some strength is in those segments that serve the warmer climates in the United States. Obviously, the Midwest, the East Coast, Northeast, little bit more impacted by the more difficult weather conditions.
John G. Sznewajs: I think it's hard to say. Again, remember, Eric, we're up against a pretty tough comp. We were up low double digits in January of 2013. So feels like -- we were pretty happy with the results in January, just given what's going on in the environment today. Remember, January is our -- probably seasonally, our slowest quarter of the year.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. Eric, a couple of questions embedded in there. But in terms of the investment going forward for 2014, yes, we do expect to continue to invest in international growth in our Pro business. So I would expect some incremental investment, and we'll call those out as we make those investments every quarter. In terms of one of the things that we're focused on, we've always said that yes, gallon growth is a priority here that we're focused on, particularly with our channel partner. And so as a result, we're willing to make these investments because they'll lead to high -- they might not lead to improved operating margin, but they definitely lead to a higher ROA. And we're trying to grow absolute operating profit dollars in addition to that. So I think that's our goal for this segment. And so I think we are accomplishing that. So we might take a little bit lower margin to drive some of these other activities. And I would still expect those to always be a high teens margin business, though, Eric.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, so you hit on a couple of the highlights. The other thing that's impacted us from the quarter is that we did have a negative price/commodity relationship in the quarter.
John G. Sznewajs: As I referenced just in the last question, we do expect to continue to invest for the full year 2014 in some of these additional areas, such as advertising, promotions and international Pro growth, things like that. For the full year 2013, we were about $16 million, $17 million in spend. My guess is we'll be something less than that in 2014 but somewhere in the neighborhood of about $10 million or so.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, sure. A number of our installation manufacturers from time-to-time have passed through price increases, and we didn't take -- there was another price increase announced that was effective in the fourth quarter of last year. We did -- as you can see by the performance of the segment, they've had posted some pretty good operating results and incremental margins. And as a result, we are working hard on passing pricing through when it's required. At the same time, though, we don't just try to pass price through, we also always work on working with our suppliers, looking on productivity improvements in the segment to try to offset some of those price inflation as well.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. I think, Adam, one of the things that you have to focus on is the fact that we kind of led the pullback on promotional activity in the fourth quarter of last year. And so some of the benefits that we enjoyed last year anniversary-ed in the fourth quarter of this year.
John G. Sznewajs: So on a consolidated basis, it flows just generally through the P&L. And then we pushed those costs back down to our segment levels. It's in SG&A in the overall consolidated P&L, and then we pushed it down to several segments. One, the biggest one, obviously, was our installation segment, which we mentioned. And then we also had a little bit of expense in our decorative architectural segment as well.
John G. Sznewajs: No. Stephen, it's a little bit different than that. Every year, we talk about our profit improvement on a gross basis. And so in 2013, we realized about $165 million of profit improvements gross, and that netted down to the smaller number about $19 million or so. So in trying to foreshadow that same profit improvement on a gross basis would be for this year, I indicated that it would be approximately $150 million, about the same amount that we've averaged over the last 5 years.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Stephen, it's not just one factor that impacts us. So there's a number of things baked into it. So some of it is, to your point, could be things like higher volume. It could be things like some higher selling prices. We did -- we are realizing some higher average selling prices out there. We have picked up -- we do think we're doing well in terms of some of the new product launches that we came out with, the innovation that KraftMaid came out with in the first half of 2013 seems like it's really resonating in the dealer channel. And so it seems like it's driving more dealer traffic. So there's a number of factors that go into it, it's not just simply one factor that drives the top line growth there.
John G. Sznewajs: I would say that we saw growth each quarter during the year. So it was strongest in the fourth quarter, weakest in the first quarter of last year.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. I think there's a couple of things that are driving that comment, David. One, we're seeing increased square footage of homes right now. So that helps drive increased take per unit. We're also seeing, as I mentioned earlier, consumers upgrade some of their products. So they may be adding a second or third fireplace in their home. So it's not necessarily, to your point, always insulation that's driving that trade-up in the installation segment.
John G. Sznewajs: Good point. There are some code changes that are taking place that are driving it. Particularly on the Eastern Seaboard, we're seeing some code changes going to affect that are driving some higher insulation usage in homes.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, David, good point. As we think about capital allocation, we think about a couple of things. One, first and foremost, is to always invest in the business. And as you've observed, we're not a particularly capital-intense business. CapEx generally run about 2% of sales. And so we'll continue to make those investments in the business. After that, as you assessed, we'll probably pay down some debt here in the near term. But following those first 2 priorities, I think the next thing was that we'll be focused on are both small acquisitions, tuck-ins like we done at our U.K. window business earlier in 2013. But I think we also have to balance that with some shareholder-friendly activities, probably leaning more towards the dividend first rather than share repurchases. But we'll keep you informed as we refine our thinking around that.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. I think we've done a lot in the share gains in the Western U.S., Keith. One of the things that took place that we observed during the downturn is that we saw a fair number of competitors fall out of the marketplace in the Western U.S. in 2009, '10 and '11. As a result, if things are starting to pick up out there, the Milgard team has just done a fantastic job of understanding the market, delivering really good, relevant innovation to the marketplace. As a result, taking a lot of share out there. They also have expanded nicely into some new geographies, particularly Western Canada, as well as Texas. And they've come up with a couple of new products that we're pretty positive about. The Essence window, it is a fiberglass window, a higher-end window than their vinyl offering. And we think it has got a lot of opportunity out there.
John G. Sznewajs: To the extent that it extends our geography in the right direction, Keith, yes, we probably wouldn't go all the way across the country to the East Coast and look at a transaction. But something that was complementary to our existing footprint, that might make some sense for us.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, well, we're still seeing the lag in our business, the 90-day lag and depending on the market, it's still a little bit elongated over the course of the back half of last year. There's also an impact that we have to take into account, there's increased multifamily activity in the year. And in particular, that's going to impact us in the first quarter because as I look at the starts composition in the fourth quarter, I think we've got about 37% of all starts are multifamily in the fourth quarter, which will really impact us in the first part of the year. So that will have a little bit of an impact. But what we're hearing, as Keith mentioned earlier in his discussions in Vegas with the builders, it sounds like they're optimistic about the spring selling season. So we'll see how that plays out.
John G. Sznewajs: So it was a discrete onetime event that took place, Sam. And they were large enough that we thought that it merited calling them out.
John G. Sznewajs: Well, we absolutely want to do everything we can to grow this business, Sam. But as we think about incremental growth from where we're at, we've got a very good solid core business in our retail paint business. And as we expand internationally, as we expand into the Pro, those will -- there'll be more competitive environments that we're anticipating in and we'll need to have sharper margins. And so as a result, we want to continue the growth, but that just drives lower margins. But the return on assets, as I mentioned, is high because, really, no incremental investment other than working capital, we need to put into the business to grow that.
John G. Sznewajs: That's right. I would say, as I commented earlier, I think we can still maintain our high teens margins in this paint business, but our return on capital should improve over time.
John G. Sznewajs: Mike, right now, we've been investing in those programs for the last year, 18 months or so. And those businesses are -- we have not broken out the specific dollar value of each of those programs to this point. But I'll tell you, it's small but growing. We're crafting our strategies to penetrate both of those markets, and you've seen some initial success. And so we look forward to continuing to share with you the progress that we're making on those. But at this point, we're not going to break that out.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, I think so. Mike, what we try to do in this segment is really drive innovation and drive customer value innovation. And that's evidenced, Tim mentioned that we were recognized recently by a third party as the #1 interior paint. I should tell you, we're also been recognized by that same party as the #1 exterior paint and the #1 exterior stain. So we've got kind of a trifecta going right now in terms of quality and value in that. And so really good outcome for us. And that's really what we're focused on in this segment in terms of driving value for our customers.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. Nishu, I'll take that question. A couple of things that, I think, are driving that. So I'll tell you that, one, we had the ERP implementation at our Milgard unit that we talked about, which will have a fair amount of capital associated with that. We typically have higher capital in our plumbing segment. And Hansgrohe is launching some new products, so there will be some higher CapEx associated with that. We also have some -- a little bit of a higher incremental CapEx in our cabinet segment related more to finishing up a little bit of some IT implementation that they're working on, a little bit of finishing equipment. The other thing I'd keep in mind, Nishu, is on this call this time last year, we told you we have $165 million of capital. We came in at $126 million. So if anything, I think probably $200 million is a little bit on the high side. Offsetting that might be -- we're taking a look at displays on the marketplace, and there might need to be some money spent to refresh some of the displays on both the paint and on the cabinet side of things.
John G. Sznewajs: Sure. I think it's the way the team is looking -- the new team down at MCS is looking at the way they're growing their business. And so they've done a very thoughtful way of making certain that they've got costs in line with sales as they grow. So there's greenfield locations start out as unmanned stocking centers. And as a certain market grows to the appropriate volume, then they'll start to man those centers. And so they're very closely monitoring their profitability and making certain that they have their costs in line with expenses. So I think that they have just a little bit different view on the marketplace.
John G. Sznewajs: Over time, could they look at an acquisition here or there? I don't think it's a huge part of their strategy going forward. But if there's something, in particular, that it's a long distance away, where they could not establish one of these strategic stocking centers that gets them into a new geographic location, they may look at an acquisition there. But it's not what's driving their strategy at this point.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. I'll take the question on general corp expense, Bob. So the $130 million of general corporate expense that we roughly experienced this year is about $134 million, I believe, versus $130 million that we have given you some guidance. A number of things. Obviously, we're focused on very tight cost control here at the corporate office. We did do go through an org alignment process in the fall of 2012, and we're starting to realize some of the benefits of those savings. And so that's really what gives us the comfort, Bob, that we can hang on to some of the cost takeouts that we've done over the course of time. But I'll turn it over to Keith for his view on cost containment broadening.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Bob. In terms of getting back to double digit operating margins for both those segments, I think there's the possibility. It all depends on how the end markets develop, both in the new construction side, as well the repair/remodel side. As we've talk about incremental margins, generally dropped about 30%, 35% of the cabinet business, a little bit less than 30% on the installation business. So if you grow from the kind of the 920,000 starts in '13 to 1.5 million starts, the long-term average, and you think about the incremental revenue associated with that growth and associated lift in repair/remodel activity, particularly for the cabinet segment, and then you consider the operating margin drop down or the incremental margin drop down that we get on those businesses, you can paint a pretty clear picture of getting to clearly, if not high single digit, low double digit operating margins in each segment.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. And on the installation side, we had a couple of branches down in the southeast last week during the ice storm.
Garik S. Shmois: Raw material inflation in installation in the quarter, I was wondering if you can quantify that for us and talk about your confidence and your ability to pass that through.
Garik S. Shmois: Yes, sorry. The raw material inflation in installation you called out, I'm just wondering if you could quantify that for us and talk about your confidence in passing that through in 2014.
Garik S. Shmois: Okay. And then just switching to cabinets, a competitor of yours has announced plans to add capacity over the next several years. Just wondering if you could speak to, I guess, first off, your utilization rates in that business and your plans, if any, to have to add capacity over the next, call it, 2 years.
Keith J. Allman: Garik, this is Keith. I'll take that one. Our capacity position in cabinets is in great shape, and we expect our current footprint to be able to support 1.5 million in starts, so we're in -- and the commensurate repair/remodeling uptick. So we're in good shape there. And that goes across all channels. In the builder direct channel, for example, I was just out in Las Vegas at the builder show. And clearly, the #1 concern from the big builders was, "Are we going to be able to supply on time in great quality?" And we most certainly will be able to do that. And when you look across the competitive landscape, we've seen some of our biggest competitors actually pull out of the direct-to-builder channel. Out West, we've seen another big competitor stop bidding out there. And we're not approaching that. The team -- in that way. The team has done a great job of getting us ready for this uptick, and we're prepared.
Keith J. Allman: Michael, this is Keith. I think that, that range of 12% to 13% is a good way to think about this segment. We do have some upside on the incremental as that drops down in the typical 30% range. But we also have ongoing investments that we're going to continue to make to grow the core faucet business. And when you look at the category expansion opportunities that we have, like we have executed already in toilets, those products tend to have lower margins than the base faucet and fixture market. Having said that, again, similar to our strategy in paint, the ROA is good in that product and it's an outstanding program for us and the customers. But I think that's a good range to think about the segment with perhaps some upside.
Keith J. Allman: Yes. Bob, I would say that our #1 priority going forward is to deliver on the macroeconomic rebound here in North America and to drive our businesses to their full potential and to leverage our brands. So embedded in that certainly is a strong dose of cost control, both from a conversion cost standpoint in our factories, as well as in SG&A. That's an area that I have experience in and have done at the various businesses I've been involved with. So I would put that as a premium priority for myself and our team. In addition, we're focusing on leveraging across our businesses. There certainly is a revenue component and a cost component to that. We view areas like logistics and our material buy as prime for continuing to drive cost out in that area. So it's tough to say what's 1 and 1A when you have 4 #1s. But certainly, cost control is a priority for us.
Keith J. Allman: Bob, on the cabinet side, we're confident in being able to drive that business to low double digits. We have the best brands out there in the marketplace. As we talked about a little bit earlier, we have the capacity to take the growth as it comes. And we've structured that business to have a balance across all channels of direct-to-builder, repair and remodeling and dealer. And we're making improvements on all of those areas, and those are things that the competition can't necessarily say. So we're confident about the cabinet business, understanding fully that we've got a ways to go.
Keith J. Allman: We've had some very slight interruptions in some of our factories. We've had to take a few half days off here and there, but nothing material.
Keith J. Allman: Yes. As we listen to our customers, it's important for us to have the right assortment for their needs. And we are looking at some product offerings that could address some of those needs for -- particularly for multifamily. So there are some new product launches that we're contemplating, but we're not looking at significantly getting into the RTA business.
Keith J. Allman: Most certainly, this would be more of an import model with a combination of different features that address specific segments, like multifamily, as I mentioned.
