Keith J. Allman: Thank you, John. 2018 has been a dynamic year and we expect to grow our earnings per share approximately 25% in spite of raw material and logistics inflation and tariff challenges. We're executing to address these cost challenges and remain focused on leveraging our industry-leading brands, innovation pipelines and channel expertise, and we are driving top and bottom line growth. We believe that the fundamentals of the repair and remodel market are supportive of solid long-term growth. Demographics should drive household formations for housing for years to come, as the large millennial generation has started forming households. Home price appreciation, which has a strong correlation with repair and remodel spending, remains strong at nearly 6% year-over-year. The average age of the housing stock continues to increase, as 65% of the U.S. housing stock is now over 30 years old, and older homes have more repair and remodel spending per home than newer homes. GDP growth rate is at a four-year high. Unemployment is at a 50-year low and consumer confidence remains at a 15-year high. We continue to see strong growth in many of our product categories and believe that a strong economy has the greatest correlation with sales of our repair and remodel products. We will continue to execute our strategies against these favorable market fundamentals and will deploy our strong cash flow in a disciplined and balanced approach between acquisitions with the right fit and return, share repurchases and dividends to create value for our shareholders. With that, we'll now open the call for Q&A.
Keith J. Allman: Stephen, we think that our R&R concentration, which as we've talked is about 85% of our revenue, puts us in a place where we can take advantage of these trends. Without a doubt, the rising rates and the increase in home price appreciation is putting a bit of a pinch on affordability. However, when you look at the dynamic of what happens when people choose to stay in their home, be it because of overall affordability, the need to move to another house at a higher mortgage rate, et cetera, oftentimes what they see – and it's somewhat of a countercyclical trend between R&R and new construction – is that when they stay in their home, they'll now pull the trigger on a major remodel. So, much like home price appreciation, where home price appreciation can tend to dampen a little bit on – the movement on a new construction, home price appreciation is very tightly correlated, one of the best correlations that we see, to R&R spend. So, as home prices increase, people feel better about pulling the ticket on an R&R project. As people tend to stay in their house longer, they feel better about an R&R spend. So, overall, when we look at the repair and remodeling market, we think it's strong because fundamentally it's consumer-driven and the consumer's strong.
Keith J. Allman: In terms of the segment impact as it relates to people staying in their homes longer, really we don't see a material change segment to segment. Really, it's a question of big ticket versus small ticket. And when you are committed to staying in your home longer, that generally bodes well for pulling the trigger on a bigger ticket item. But when we look at the data and we look at our expectations, there's really not a material difference as it relates to segment impact. We think the DIY market is strong. We're strong in DIY across all segments, and therefore, it's pretty consistent. With regard to weather, we didn't call it out specifically, tend not to do that. But yeah, when we look at August/September and we look at the heat map, if you will, around the country, the West was okay. But boy, the East Coast was really wet and it was very hot as well. So, yeah, that probably had a little bit of an impact.
Keith J. Allman: You're right, Doug. The majority of the tariff impact in Dec Arch is Kichler. We design and manage assortments and source from the Far East like basically the entire industry. So, from a competitive standpoint, we think we're right in there with everybody else. So, that really should not affect our ability to get price.
Keith J. Allman: Well, I think that's the million dollar question and that remains to be seen. This is a unique situation that we're in to say the least, in that the majority of our elasticity data and data analytics is around a stable market. And what we're seeing here, Nishu, is the entire – in many cases, the entire competitive space, like in lighting or hardware like we just talked about, is going to go up. Some of the issues or some of the correlation would be around overall ticket size and the overall impact as it relates to, say, a light or something more significant. So, it remains to be seen. We're going to watch the price elasticity and adjust accordingly. But now, our focus is on managing our supply chain, working with our suppliers to drive productivity, making supply chain moves, and we're focusing on margin and getting price.
Keith J. Allman: Well, I think paint's always – DIY paint is inherently a bit choppy quarter-to-quarter and it's difficult to call with precision exactly (00:29:33) where the market is, particularly on a quarter-to-quarter basis. There's some dynamics there. Certainly, the overall quality of the paint is improving. We've had a paint and primer-in-one that has had an effect over the past years. There's been an increase of renters versus buyers if you look at over the past several years, and renters tend to paint a little bit less. But fundamentally, we think as millennials are moving into the household formations, and when you look at the average age of that cohort and the inevitable arrival of children and that move towards household formations, we think that bodes well for the underlying demand as it relates to DIY.
Keith J. Allman: We continue to do very well in that segment. We think we've got a very good value proposition to the targeted painters that we're going after, who are shopping at The Home Depot, and that's a big – call it a $4 billion market. And it's a better solution to not have to make a better or an additional trip to get your paint. And we have the best quality, and our service is improving and the service is very good, and we've got these outstanding points of sale in The Home Depot. So, we like our performance in paint. We're going to continue to drive that. In terms of competition, yeah, it's tough competition, there's no question about it. We're up against some very, very good competitors that I respect very much, and we're competing. But as I said, when you have the quality of the paint, the quality of the brand, the quality of the service and a great partner like we do, we like our chances of continuing to gain share.
Keith J. Allman: It certainly is a component. We're looking at supplier negotiations, we're looking at productivity improvements in our own shops, and certainly, we're looking at repositioning the supply chain. It could involve moving some of our assembly here. I'll remind you that we have a significant footprint in the United States across all of our segments, particularly in Plumbing and in Cabinets. So, moving all or parts of the process onshore, working with our suppliers to set up manufacturing in other locations is another option, and we've initiated these options already and it's going well. We have experience in doing this. You may recall back sometime in our Plumbing business, where we had the no-lead legislation that came at us like a freight train in terms of AB1953, and we had to go from leaded brass to non-leaded brass, and that represented about a 30% increase. So, in terms of how to drive price, how to effectively move supply chains, and importantly, how to manage it. This is very manageable, but we're paying attention to it. We have a tariff task force that we've set up. John, myself and all of our group presidents meet every week. The team is responding very well. We're taking it seriously, but we're going to work through it and we have experience to do it and we're pulling a number of levers to get it done.
Keith J. Allman: Matthew, I'd start by saying that it's really – we're not seeing a customer trade-down. What we're seeing is good wins in that lower margin product. So, through good assortment win work and good commercial sales force, we went out, we won a nice program in Peerless. That's the opening price point, which does have a little bit less margin. We're seeing growth in our bathing products, which is due to a reset that we had in the big-box aisle. So, happy about that. And our toilet program, which again is a tweak to the assortment, where we're seeing good growth. So, when you think about our global Plumbing platform, we have a continuum of margin from – on the lower side, say, our bathing and our toilet products and then up through accessories and then up into the high margin faucets and shower systems. So, we're seeing good growth based on our target assortment and sales initiatives, but we're also seeing good growth up at the high-end. Our spas in our Plumbing business, high-end, very discretionary, high-end tickets are selling very well, as we talked about with Watkins Wellness. Our Axor product line, which is the high-end product line for Hansgrohe, is doing well. Our Brizo product line, which we talked about in the prepared remarks, is continuing to do well. So, we're seeing bimodal growth. It's not a shift. So, we like that. In terms of Cabinetry, as planned, the stock cabinetry at Menards will sell faster during the initial resets, because it requires significantly less training. But as we train in the associates and as we get this business rolling, that will improve. So, I'm not troubled by the mix shift. I think that's a sign of good sales work and good assortment work.
Keith J. Allman: Broadly speaking, there wasn't a significant difference as we look across the segments with maybe the exception of paint in August/September timeframe, when it was quite wet and there was some heat. We – obviously, when the hurricanes are coming through, we're not going to be selling a whole lot of product. But I didn't see a particular – we didn't see a particular channel-specific hit or a segment-specific hit.
Keith J. Allman: Mike, I apologize if we communicated a link between Menards and logistics. That wasn't the intention. They're separate. So, it's a Cabinet logistics cost and transportation cost escalation, not tied to Menards. And that's driven by what we've talked about before on prior calls with regards to the base fuel escalation, as well as driver availability. We have less impact on our dedicated routes. And so, it's less of a hit when we look at the big chunk of our businesses like paint, where we have more steady routes, and certainly with some bigger customers in Plumbing, where we have more steady routes. In Cabinets, where it's milk runs, it's less than truckload. It's oftentimes job site delivery. That tends to receive a little bit more pressure. So, it's broad-based Cabinet logistics pressures, not tied to Menards. The Menards program's going well.
Keith J. Allman: It's probably down in number three priority as I sit here today, just roughly speaking. Our focus is on price and is on working with our suppliers in terms of negotiation and coming up with more competitive pricing. But certainly moving the (00:46:13) supply chain is an option. I talked about in-sourcing, say, assembly into the United States. And then, specifically to your question as it relates to suppliers, many of our suppliers already have capacity set up in other – let's call it Southeast Asia, Vietnam, there's a couple other places, we have a large supply chain. And so, it's a matter of standing up capacity in those existing facilities and doing some different things there. So, that's the nature of it. I hope that color helps a little bit.
Keith J. Allman: In terms of the demand in R&R, new construction, as I've talked about the last call and then in the prepared remarks here, it continues to be strong for us. We're seeing that in terms of ticket, we're seeing that in terms of demand across the continuum of price, meaning entry-level and high-end, continue to see good traffic. So, feel real good about it. I think we saw a little bit of softening on the new construction side. That's 15% of our business. As we look forward to next year, we're thinking that – and we're not the only ones that are thinking this, whether it's John Burns or Harvard Center for Joint Studies, we're thinking that continued strong, call it, mid single-digit R&R growth is in the cards for us in 2019. And with our brands and our innovation pipeline and our channel work, I think we're positioned to take advantage of it.
Keith J. Allman: Yeah. As I said earlier, Justin, I think it remains to be seen of how the consumer is going to react to this inflation, call it, a tax on the consumer, if you will. In terms of our margin, in the short-term here, we're lapping some significant growth investment that we had in Q4. So, we're expecting our Plumbing margins to be down slightly from where they were last year. We really haven't changed our outlook on that much. Certainly, innovation and new parts – or new products come into our pipeline. That helps us continue to drive margin integrity. But long-term for this business, we feel good about our margins, and more specifically for 2019, we'll give more detailed outlook at our next call as we normally do.
Keith J. Allman: Yeah. If you think about the tariffs at somewhere around, what would that be, 2.7% of our cost of goods sold, and you think about in that range of 3% of inflation that we've had to deal with, then you look at some of the favorable tailwinds that we could potentially experience when we look at Plumbing and some of the – potentially the easing of the copper and zinc cost, and then you look at still continued pressure in resins in particular – TiO2 appears to have kind of stabilized a little bit. So, when you look at those net-net, it's right around that 3% range.
Keith J. Allman: Yeah. We haven't really walked through with specificity the margin and the different points of the assortment as it relates to price. But generally speaking, we do tend to earn lower margin on the lower priced goods. That's still good business. It's a good return on our invested capital in those businesses, but it does tend to be a little bit lower margin, as you know. In terms of 2019, we think it's potentially shaping up okay. We've got some relief in some commodities. We're certainly focused on getting price here and the tariffs. But in terms of the detail of how we're going to look at 2019, we'll talk more about that in the next call.
Keith J. Allman: Well, I think it's something that, as I talked about, we're not taking lightly by any means and we're organized to execute it. And there's different challenges there. There's always challenge with price for the obvious reasons. And we need to be very careful when we move our supplies around. We're doing it in a way where we're trying to leverage our existing suppliers as much as possible, and we're also doing negotiations with those suppliers. So, I don't know that any one is particularly easier per se. It's just different. And as I mentioned, we've got experience in this. Certainly, we know how to get price and that's something that we've been able to keep in terms of price commodity flush over the long-haul through the cycles. We've demonstrated where we've had these episodes of very quick change in our cost structure, i.e., going to no-lead brass, that we've been able to do that. And it was the same thing, it involved changing suppliers, changing materials, getting price, the combination of these things. So, it's a mixed bag and different in terms of difficulty.
Keith J. Allman: Sure. It varies by segment. But if you take Cabinets, for example, Chinese – direct Chinese import, which is 100% import, has been building strength competitively. So, I think that is helpful to us. When you look at, let's call it private label or house brands, which are 100% imported on the Plumbing side, we can have some advantage there as we can have the opportunity to utilize North American manufacturing. So, I think when you look at those two opportunities there, that's probably the ones I'd call out.
John G. Sznewajs: Hey, Doug. Good morning. It's John. With regard to the tariffs, we think that there might be a quarter or two lag in getting full realization of our pricing actions. So, we think we can do it fairly promptly. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have already begun some of those conversations here in the fourth quarter. So, we feel pretty good about how those conversations have begun. There might be a little bit of a lag between, like I said, implementation and realization.
John G. Sznewajs: And Doug, I would just add to Keith's comment. In Dec Arch, we also have Liberty Hardware, which is a builders' hardware business, largely a source and sell. And that industry is structured similarly to the lighting industry. So, there's a lot of import there and same dynamics that Keith mentioned with lighting will apply here.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah. Nishu, if you think how the base metals flow through and impact our Plumbing segment, it's generally about on a two-quarter lag that we feel it through the P&L on our financial statements. And so, given the pricing trends in both copper and zinc, which are the two that primarily impact our cost of sales, I would guess that we would start to feel the impact of the lower prices here late in the fourth quarter and the beginning of the first quarter of 2019.
John G. Sznewajs: I think in the UK, John, part of that has to do with the fact that I think we see just the economy pulling back a little bit as they are starting to contend with the Brexit issues and the unknowns that go along with that. And in Central Europe, I think it was just a bit of a pause. We've seen very good strength in our European businesses and in China over the course of the last multiple quarters. And because of the tough comp, we don't attribute any significant softening to the overall market. It's – we just think it might have been a bit of a pause.
John G. Sznewajs: I would say that this has to do with – our semi-custom business was actually quite strong, both on our – the two big-box retailers that we had traditionally served along with the new program at Menards. But then also our dealer channel saw very strong growth in the semi-custom offering. So, it was – that KraftMaid brand does really well, it resonates great with designers, and so they're great advocates for us as consumers walk into whether it's a big-box store or whether it's a local dealer. We feel really good about how KraftMaid has performed here in the third quarter of the year.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah. Matthew, just to refresh everyone's memory, in the fourth quarter of last year, we had some significant spend as it relates to some of the displays that we were putting in at Delta, which was in the amount of roughly $8 million. And so, we don't think we'll be incurring – we won't be incurring that spend in the fourth quarter of that year. So, that should contribute to a pretty significant margin improvement sequentially from Q3 to Q4.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah. Sure, Mike. It's John. In terms of – the way we look at it, if you think about the various components that we mentioned, if you think about the softness in the DIY paint and international Plumbing markets, that kind of aggregated probably 80%. The balance 20% was related to some of the continued cost pressures in logistics and distribution.
John G. Sznewajs: And Mike, as you consider, through the quarter, we had pretty good consistency through the quarter as well. There wasn't either peaks or valleys within the quarter either.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah. Mike, so as we think about how things developed through the course of the year, obviously, we've seen fairly significant inflation in the input costs in a variety of our products, including copper and zinc, which we touched on, on a previous question. But we've also seen some of that same inflation impact our Plumbing – or our paint business, I should say, as both TiO2 and engineered resins have increased fairly significantly through the course of the year. We're seeing TiO2 continue to be up, but not perhaps at the same rate that it was up earlier in the year. And if you're thinking about our Cabinet Products, we did experience some inflation on some of the hardwoods that go into our Cabinet Products earlier in the year, and that's continuing a little bit here. And then, here toward the middle part of the year, we saw a little bit of increase in distribution and logistics costs. So, all that inflation has hit us. As we look into – across the year, we absorbed a little bit of that inflation in the first half. As we look at the second half though, we still think we're going to be price/cost neutral for the second half the year. So, we feel like we've gotten on top of this and we're in a really good position as we enter 2019.
John G. Sznewajs: Sure, Stephen. Good morning. In terms of paint promotions, it's been extremely consistent over the last multiple years, as we promote in conjunction with our channel partner, The Home Depot, very consistently four times a year. So, we're on the Spring Black Friday, we're Memorial Day, we're 4th of July and we're Labor Day. And that promotional cadence has not changed – I can't tell you – Keith, boy, it's got to be six to eight years...
John G. Sznewajs: We've been on that run, and it doesn't look like we're going to change at all going forward. In terms of the promotional environment on the pro side, again, that's been very consistent. There's not a lot of promotional activity for the pro either. The one thing I would point out though is we do fund a pro reward rebate. So, the higher volume that a pro painter achieves within The Home Depot, the bigger discount that they can get on their paint offering – or their paint consumption. So, that's been – but that has been extremely consistent as well over the years that we've been working on the pro paint program with The Home Depot. So, not a lot of change in the promotional environment on the paint side.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah. Phil, as always, the biggest priority for us is investing back in the business. So, CapEx and investing in the growth of the business is paramount for us, and so that's number one on our priority list. After that, you're right, it comes down to M&A and share repurchases. And as we signaled on our prepared remarks, we're thinking about $300 million of share repurchases in the fourth quarter of this year. So, that has inched up the capital deployment priority list a little bit here and just given the pullback in the share price. That said, I would tell you we continue to be very active on the M&A side. Our team is out there looking at transactions on a very regular basis, and so we're continuing to devote time and energy to that as well. So, it's kind of a balance, and at this point in the fourth quarter, share repo is going to be a little bit higher than M&A, but we're not – we're not downgrading M&A in terms of a priority by any means.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah. So, Phil, we have not seen a lot of increase in promotional activity in Cabinetry. It's been pretty consistent for the last several quarters now. And are we able to get price based off of the logistics? Yes, absolutely, we're working on that here in the fourth quarter to put price into the marketplace to offset that inflation. So, we feel confident that we can do so.
