Keith Allman: Thank you, John. It's been a dynamic start to 2019 and I am proud of how our teams have responded to the market conditions and challenges to generate profit growth and margin expansion across all segments in the second quarter. As I mentioned earlier, the fundamentals of our industry remained strong. Demographics should drive household formation and housing for years to come as the large millennial generation has begun to form households. Home price appreciation, which has a strong correlation with repair and remodel spending, remains strong at nearly 4% year-over-year. Existing annual home turnover remains at a healthy overall level of 5.3 million units. Age of housing stock continues to increase as 65% of the U.S. housing stock is now 30 years old or older. And older homes have more repair and remodel spending per home than newer ones. Consumer confidence and real wage growth remain high as consumers benefit from a healthy economy and declining mortgage rates could spur additional mortgage refinancing, which will put more disposable income in consumers' pockets. Against these strong fundamentals, we will continue to deploy our strong cash flow with a disciplined and balanced approach to investing in our current businesses, dividends, share repurchases, and acquisitions with the right fit and return to create value for our shareholders. Lastly, I hope to see you all at our Investor Day on September 17, in New York City. With that, we'll open the call for Q&A.
Keith Allman: You are right Stephen. We did have in 2008, a pull ahead of about $10 million from Q2 into Q1 due to the ERP launch at Delta. Despite that pull forward last year, Plumbing still had a great Q2 in 2018. I think the segment was up about 6% excluding FX. So, it was a pretty tough comp for us in the quarter. In terms of how we think about the volume going forward in Plumbing, I think there are a couple key drivers. Certainly, there is a little bit of softness in International. While we did have good growth in the core market of Germany, there were some other markets internationally that were soft. Italy was particularly soft. There was some softness in Turkey and a little bit of softness in Latin America. So that's a component of how we're thinking about the remainder of the year. And the other is price elasticity as it relates to some of our tariff pricing. We've been very effective in getting price out in the market in relationship to tariffs to equalize that cost impact as we talked about last quarter, and we have seen some elasticity as it relates to volume, particularly when we think about the lower price point which tends to be a little bit more sensitive, and we've also seen some elasticity around threshold prices for various products. So, when you think about the volume and going forward in Plumbing, I think international and pricing is a piece of that, but we're quite pleased with how we did this quarter against the tough comp.
Keith Allman: Just to add a little bit of color Stephen, in terms of the European buyer, we are seeing a little bit of overall market softness in the UK that we talked about, and that will be in the Windows.
Keith Allman: Good morning, Michael. From a tariff perspective, I'm very pleased with how the team has performed. We set out to make sure that the cost increases from the tariffs were made up by either improvements in overall cost productivity and supply chain changes and of course in pricing, and we've done all of that. The majority of the lever without a doubt has been on the pricing side, and the team has done a very good job in getting that pricing into the market. In terms of our activities to drive margin improvements, we continue to work hard really across all fronts as it relates to business process improvements that we're working on with the Masco Operating System, certainly with productivity and sourcing improvements, and we have begun some initial, while not a big number at this point, but we have begun some initial movement of product out of China as a longer-term mitigant. With regard to growth in 2019, as I said last quarter, growth is going to be a challenge for us. We are off to a slow start. The team has been very disciplined around pricing and programs as we've talked about and that's going to affect the volume coming into 2019. Overall, when we look longer-term, we believe that Lighting is a good business and it should grow similar and consistent with the remodel market over the long term and we are working hard to get back to that pace.
Keith Allman: No, I think it's consistent with how we thought this business was going to perform. As I mentioned on the call, we are up against a 13% comp in the second quarter of last year when you exclude the divestitures of Moores, so that was a component. A lot of prices have been put in the markets to offset tariffs and we talked about that in past calls. So, it really is performing as we thought it would and we’re pleased with the margin performance in this segment given the environment.
Keith Allman: I would say it’s, you know, generally speaking it’s more around some specific markets that are a little softer than we expected. Certainly we’re seeing some softness in the UK in our Window operation and as I mentioned on the call there are some markets over in Europe and Latin America that are a little softer than we had thought.
Keith Allman: No that’s as expected. We’re pleased with our Pro growth. We can- we’re going to continue to expand our capabilities and we’re confident that we’re going to continue to grow above the market and we think we’re doing that.
Keith Allman: I'm very pleased with the team. We have a new leader in place down there that is a high performer that has been in a number of positions at Masco, with increasing responsibility in each stop along the way, whether it was from investor relations to the retail cabinet sales and a nice win that she put together with Menards, which as I mentioned in my prepared remarks that that program is performing well and as expected and that was very good win. She overall ran overall sales for Cabinetry and that - she did a great job there. And then, on her extended team, again very confident in that and we've made some significant changes and brought in professionals that I interact with on a regular basis and I couldn't be more happy with how that team has shaped up. In terms of opportunities across the broader lighting market, I think there are several across multiple channels, and we have importantly a brand that is one of the few brands in the industry that in fact is successful across multiple channels. It has an outstanding assortment across price points and as I just mentioned, across the channel. So we’re going after growth really across the board in Cabinetry, excuse me, in Lighting.
Keith Allman: I think in terms of our pricing actions and the costs, I think we've got it in place at this point, now the - in terms of the cost reductions that we’re executing again. So when you look across price and some of our productivity improvements, I think we've handled that. Now, in terms of the cost of the products coming in, I would expect that in the third quarter and the fourth quarter we will start to see those costs hit our P&L as it flows through our inventory.
Keith Allman: Yes, you know, it really depends. There are different competitors that we have across different price points.
Keith Allman: So even with faucets there are some private label competitors that sometimes come up against us in the low end which would have more of an impact, but on balance we think we are in good competitive footing as it relates to our exposure to China tariffs.
Keith Allman: Matthew, we really didn't see much in the way of inventory fluctuations in the second quarter. I'd call it normal. There was some, as you mentioned some destocking in Plumbing in Q1, but that seems to have normalized and orders to us were more in line with their sales out to the consumer. So we are anticipating some inventory adjustments in the back half of 2019 I would say as is somewhat normal and those adjustments are contemplated in our guidance.
Keith Allman: I think, if we think about it from a perspective of tariffs staying where they are and staying with some sort of permanency, I would say that there's more to come, more taking, we’re being very careful as we move products out and resource to other low-cost countries, careful in that we want to make sure that we’re ensuring our delivery excellence and our quality excellence, and there is some variability in fact to whether or not that 25% will indeed stick for some extended period of time. So we're being cautious and we have moved some doubt. But I think long term, when you look at the impact of these tariffs in - with some of the pricing that we've put into the market that long term this will be absorbed by the consumer and we still believe in a very healthy R&R market.
Keith Allman: I'll talk a little bit, Justin, this is Keith, to the commodities. I think some of the commodities in our basket have indeed moderated year-over-year. Copper and zinc and Plumbing started to moderate in the back half of 2018 and remained below what I would say the peak prices we saw in the first half of 2018. So, that will be a little bit of a benefit for us in the second half. TiO2 and resins, both still are up year-over-year, probably have peaked here in Q2, should be flat sequentially in the second half, but still up year-over-year. So, not expecting significant inflation or deflation in paint ROS as we sit today. In cabinets, plywood remains elevated, but distribution and logistics have come down a little bit, still up year-over-year. So obviously, we're continuing to work with our suppliers and our cost productivity and all those types of improvement opportunities, but when we look at the commodity inputs, we're really not seeing a material benefit or a headwind as we think about 2019.
Keith Allman: Not anticipating a significant change in that over that over that time period. As I mentioned, we're moving some, products out. We've in-sourced some back to the United States. We've taken some to the other low-cost countries, but it's going to take some time for us to ramp that up. Our focus really is on keeping our delivery and quality excellence up with our consumer and our customers.
Keith Allman: I think from a top line risk there is a lot of volatility that's out there with the consumer as it relates to what's going on and geopolitically what could potentially happen with trade and everything that we're all quite aware of. So I would say, if something happens from a consumer perspective or from a broader confidence, I think that could be an issue that could take it to the downside. Having said that, as I went through it a couple of times on this call and prior calls, we think the consumer is in pretty good shape, so we're not anticipating that.
Keith Allman: When we think about the margins in Q2 we're very pleased with the cost productivity improvements we're making. I called out Kichler. They continue to do a very good job, both from a variable cost perspective, as well as on the sourcing side. The second half impact of tariffs in lighting and hardware are going to be - are going to start to flow through midway into the third quarter. So that's a factor that, I ask you to think about as well. But fundamentally, our productivity in our movements are reflected in that margin range that we have in that 17% to 18% range.
Keith Allman: We have in-sourced some assembly back, but just a little bit at this point. Again, this is a very dynamic environment, and what's included and not included, moving forward, I think is still in play. So, this is a game of where we're moving slowly and carefully and as I said we're driving cost out and in some cases cost sharing with some of our suppliers. We're driving value engineering and productivity improvements, and of course we're getting price. And we're going to be very careful that we protect the customer as we move through this, and that's our focus.
Keith Allman: I think there was – if I could jump in here John, and with regards to how we're looking at our M&A funnel and whether not we need, I think, Phil it was your words, they…
Keith Allman: A certain way if you will to, yes, to keep the growth story going, we don’t believe we do know and we're looking at all options in the building products case - building product space in our funnel, but clearly, our focus is closer to the core. We think we have very strong businesses in Paint and Plumbing and that's where our focus is. And I would suspect M&A activity to be more along those areas, not saying no to other opportunities, but clearly, our focus is closer to the core.
Keith Allman: You're right Phil, the impact of tariff costs as it rolls through our inventory will be more strongly felt in the second half. With regards to pricing, we do think we've got our pricing in place and where it needs to be.
Keith Allman: Yes, Ken a couple of, things with regard to pricing and elasticity. As I mentioned last call, this is a challenge and it's relatively new territory and that typical data analytics around elasticity involve a static environment where you move a price on SKU and you say if it goes up, you raise price a percent the volume goes down 3% or something of that sort. So the data and the analytics is really in a more static environment. This is anything but static. We have a significant amount of price changes that's gone into the - cost changes that I've gone into the market and we have variable responses in the competitive aisle, if you will, around how much of that gets put by retailers into the market. So, it's not static. So, we are seeing a more elastic demand curve for opening price point products and that certainly stands to reason as you think about sensitivity and the total cost and what people are willing to spend at the low end versus the high end. Conversely, we're not seeing a significant - as significant, nearly a significant amount of elasticity on some of our higher end products. We mentioned a record quarter in our Spa business for example, that's not a low-end product and it's discretionary. So, the elasticity is hitting us a little bit more on the opening price point. What I mean by threshold pricing is pricing that's around a certain number where it makes a more of a material difference in volume and customer perception than say is necessarily warranted by the flat out percent of the price increase. So, when certain products, 100 at 99.99 is the threshold price.
Keith Allman: So if there is an increase over that threshold of 2% that's going to impact you more than if it was an increase of 2% say going from $80 up. So that's what I meant by threshold pricing hope that helps.
Keith Allman: Yes sure. With respect to the dividend and I think one of the things that we mentioned on our prepared remarks is, part of our capital allocation policy is to keep our dividend payout ratio at roughly 20% maybe slightly lower or slightly higher, but in that 20% zip code. And so, the reason we raised it to $0.54 this time around was to make certain that we keep that payout ratio of nearly 20% intact. And so that's kind of the thought behind that. In terms of the CapEx post divestitures I think we're probably in that 2.5% of sales range, so not significantly different from where we're at today.
Keith Allman: I think new products is really, you've got me Jazzed and the team that we talked about before, which goes across not only new products, but also our human resource function, our supply chain function, et cetera. So we've got a very good team and we've got a nice focus on new products introductions. And as I mentioned, we have the luxury of having one of the few brands that competes across all of the channels. So we have opportunities with the new team and with our product assortment across the online channel and across retail and across our dealers. And certainly continuing to apply our Masco Operating System and getting that more ingrained in that business will yield improvements without a doubt.
Keith Allman: I would say that while certainly a little bit softer in international. I do like the trends that I'm seeing in our Decorative segment and North American plumbing coming out of Q2. Strong backlog in our Spa business points to a healthy consumer. On the high end, we think that's a nice barometer for consumer spending. And then, just in general, as I'm kicking around in the markets we're getting good reports from customers across our product category. So I'd like the trends that we saw in Q2.
John Sznewajs: Yes, and the only thing I would supplement Keith's comments with is, of the two international and pricing, I'd say international probably has a heavier weight to the impacts going forward than pricing.
John Sznewajs: Yes, no. Stephen, my comment is specific to Plumbing, you know that said, you broadened out the question with your followup. And I would say that there's a dramatic impact, I think I guess my comment stands at face value that in Decorative Architectural there will be more of an impact in the fourth quarter as the tariffs and the rate of inventory starts to flow through our system.
John Sznewajs: Yes, so you know as I mentioned we’re enhancing some of the in-store displays, John, here in the back half of 2019. So, you know, yeah and mostly that will be in our - in the Paint category and so the Behr team is going to get those in place here in the third and fourth quarter.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Keith, I think that’s certainly the general pattern that we expect to see in the back half of the year. The one thing I'd really ask you to remember is, in the fourth quarter of last year we have fairly significant pull forward of about $20 million related to our Paint business. And so that - you know we don’t expect that to reoccur. And so, that will be a little bit of a top line headwind going into Q4. So, Keith I kind of just want to make sure you recall that.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Truman, so you know a couple of questions in there. And as we look at the puts and takes in terms of the revised guidance, I’d say the first one was the trends that we have seen in the first part of the year and we laid out pretty clearly, I think, our sales expectations and margin expectations reach those segments. So that reflects, is reflected. The other piece to recall is, we did increase our view as to reach here [ph], so we're not – so in our last call, in the Q1 call, we though tariffs would be at 10% and now we think we’re going to be at 25%. So those are the two principal components in there. In terms of the share count, the share count really is reflective of where we've purchased through today, it doesn't take into account that, but we do have $600 million that we're anticipating, as Keith mentioned in his remarks for the full year.
John Sznewajs: So Truman, I just want to clarify a remark I made a minute ago, our guidance does include the impact of all $600 million of share repurchase.
John Sznewajs: Sure, you know on the promotional side, we've not seen - we’ve seen pretty consistent promotional activity across the various channels in the second quarter. So not a significant increase or decrease in any of the promotional activity. You know, in terms of price versus cost, in one of the two I'd say price was probably a little bit of a heavier weight than the cost side, but both has a pretty good impact on the quarter because a lot of what's - that were coming, they come in offshore face the tariffs, so we saw pricing across the industry put in place.
John Sznewajs: Overall, I’d say the market was a bit challenged in Q2. There was some tough weather. So I think that affected us. I think when you look at the market and how we performed with our Pro business up high single-digits in DIY or low single-digits, we think we held our own to possibly maybe gaining a little. Admittedly it's hard to pinpoint with precision the size of the market in a particular quarter. We didn't see a whole lot of mix fluctuations in Paint, and I think if you broaden that, your question out, if I may, into broader Masco as it relates to mix, we don't really see mix as being material one way or another as you know, either favorable or unfavorable as we look forward to the remainder of the year.
John Sznewajs: And Justin, maybe I'll take the tariff component of that is, - as we've articulated before, the tariffs are based on what we know today, yes, are roughly impact $600 million of our cost of goods sold or roughly $150 million impact. You know, obviously the way we're pursuing, Keith mentioned earlier, that we're pursuing price to offset tariffs, obviously we're getting price recovery from that. So that action in and of itself limits margin expansion as a matter of fact, oftentimes that has slightly dilutive effect on margins and so maybe that weighs in on your calculation.
John Sznewajs: Yes, I guess, Mike, if you think about it, we've had pretty good strong performance in our Pro businesses, as well as our DIY business for the full year. So yeah, I know, I think we've had good margins, but we're not going to break them out for the full year.
John Sznewajs: Yes Phil, with respect to margins, recall again, I mentioned this earlier in response to I think Keith's question, that we had some pull forward of sales out of Q1 of this year into Q4 of last year, which created a bit of a stronger margin and you know which we typically see seasonally in the fourth quarter of 2018. And so, the margins could be flat to slightly down in Q4 given that dynamic that we experienced last year.
John Sznewajs: Yes, I would tell you, I think you - yes that's the answer to the question. It is better volumes and slightly lower volumes and margins and kind of though, how we got there. As you may recall, as you break it down by segment, we did raise the margin expectation for a couple for the Cabinet segment and so that has definitely an impact on it, but you're reading actually was the answer to the question.
John Sznewajs: Well, I guess, Eric, there are a couple of areas where we adjusted our sales expectations, but international is probably the one area that is coming in softer than we had expected, and so that has an impact on what we put out for our Plumbing guidance in a way. So, I think that's the one area that would probably be the one difference versus where we were at the end of the first quarter.
