Keith Allman: Hey, Mike, this is Keith. As you pointed out, the past two years have really been unprecedented, in recent times anyway, with regards to the rate of inflation coupled with supply chain difficulties, which clearly impacted our margins. We are absolutely focused on bringing the costs out of our operations and taking additional price where needed. Now, when you look at the impact of this significant inflation, and we've talked about this before when you -- particularly in our paint business, recover the dollars, we performed well in the overall dollars, but a significant margin erosion arises from that dollar-only coverage when you talk about increases to this level. So, there will be incremental pricing that we take as we move through the year in some parts of our business. We expect these levels that we're experiencing in 2023 to be the kind of the base of which we will build going forward. And when you think about that with regards to our 30% incremental leverage on additional volume, that would actively improve our margins. So, we anticipate [and are] (ph) driving very nice margin expansion as we get through 2023. We do feel that this is going to be a relatively short-lived recession. I'm reluctant to put a number on where we can go to, but I think if you think about the margins historically that we experienced pre-pandemic, that's certainly where this business is heading.
Keith Allman: Mike, maybe it'd be helpful if I kind of go through our principal markets and talk through our assumptions as it relates to overall market performance. The big one, obviously, is North American repair and remodeling. And in general, we're looking at that market to be down low double digits. International, obviously, a significant portion of our business. We're calling to be down high single digits. And then, as we talked a little bit already in terms of the paint market, we think broadly of that and, obviously, in two markets, the DIY and the PRO market, and our estimation is that the DIY market will be down high single digits and the PRO market would be down mid-single digits. So, we look at -- to get those numbers, we look at trends that we see and numbers that we evaluate in terms of industry research and we come to an assumption on how that all filters out. And then, importantly, we look at how we were performing in the back half of '22 and we roll that in with our R&R focus and industry research to come up with, our estimations are where they are. Now, obviously, we've heard and talked to many folks who have different views. So, it really is a matter of the point of view that we take. And if that point of view varies, I think, you can see that we consistently have delivered 30% drop down on the incrementals. And when we see some pullbacks like we're expecting in '23, we will [Technical Difficulty] decrementals that look better than that 30%. So, we are ready to not only flex our business down and have demonstrated that with regards to cost control and working through issues associated with variable productivity and lining up our supply chains to address a new volume level, but we're also committed to investing in the key growth levers of our business. PRO being one, PRO paint, investing in high growth markets for us. We've talked about how successful we've been in China and in Europe. We continue to do that. And then, of course, the core business here in North America. So, hopefully that gives you an idea about our perspective and why our guidance is what it is. And how this business is ready to do what I think is most important in these times of volatility and that is to adapt to changes as they come.
Keith Allman: Sure. Stephen, if you think the fundamental question of, if things are better, what would that drive in our business, and I think we've covered that in terms of thinking about our dropdowns on the incrementals and how we manage on the down with the decrementals. I would also put a finer point on this notion of volatility and things can change. And sure, yes, absolutely, a month doesn't a quarter make and a quarter doesn't make the year, particularly if you think about our business and our industry is in June or July and then what have ended up happening in kind of a tale of two halves of last year. So, things can change and this is a volatile time and we're specifically focusing our organization on adaptability and looking at signals. Now, in terms of how our guide or how the industry may improve, you point to rates, obviously, that's a factor. We are a new -- a repair and remodeling company and a little bit of new construction, but fundamentally, we're in repair and remodeling. So, some of the things that could change the assumption for us would be home prices and home equity holding up better than expected, for example. Certainly, an increase in existing home sales would help. When you think about our International, down high single digits, if we saw better than expected GDP in U.S., Europe and China, that would clearly help. We're strongly related to consumer confidence. So -- and then, on the performance side, the ability for us to gain more share than expected. So, there are things that could -- we're watching and that could drive the economy to perform better than our guide. Again, I'll take us back to -- our fundamental message here is, we have a very adaptable business, small ticket used on big projects, used on small projects. We cover very effectively on the premium segment in China, a brand leader in Europe and, of course, a strong fundamental base here in North America. So, our business is built for that and for these sorts of things in terms of variability and that's what we're driving. But there are areas, Stephen, that could lead to better-than-expected performance on the overall macro.
Keith Allman: Thanks, Mike. I'll -- this is Keith. I'll start off on the paint raw basket to give you a perspective on what we're seeing in terms of inflation and how we're thinking about that. If you look at our overall paint raw material baskets, while we have seen some relief in feedstocks for resin, but TiO2, for example, and other specialty chemicals are very sticky and remain elevated. So, we are continuing to see overall in the basket an elevation. On the indirect costs, which is a big portion of our raw materials and our manufacturing process, we are seeing continued inflation, so it remains a challenge. And I'm talking about things like pallets, transportation, labor absolutely is still elevated. So, we've seen some sequential moderation, but the raws continue to remain relatively elevated. We are still recovering from significant cost increase that we've incurred over the past couple of years. So, at this point, we really have minimal raw material deflation built into our plans for 2023, and don't expect to see it. And that's based on what we're currently seeing from our supply base and from the market.
Keith Allman: Yes. Mike, when you think about it, it's kind of in general areas, the economy is coming back and the way that we approach growth and the way we develop advocacy in the markets, you have to be out in those markets. So, I think you were at KBIS in -- out in Las Vegas. That's an example of a big national Kitchen and Bath Show in the United States. Every two years, there's a similar, even bigger show, I know you're aware of this, in ISH, where we have significant investments and big presence there as a matter of -- of course, of business. And that hasn't happened in four years, and that's coming back this year. And there's other examples of that across the globe where we're investing in what I would say is a more normalized way of building advocacy for our brands and launching our new products. Now, when you look, for example, in Europe, at ISH, we've always had our significant competitor in a very big position out there. They've made the decision not to reinvest and won't be there. We don't think that's the right thing to do. In fact, we're leaning into that investment. We're showing a great new product assortment with Hansgrohe in terms of our showers and our faucet launch. We're getting into adjacent products with our bath furniture, and we're continuing to build our brand. When you look at where we're investing in, continued growth and continued momentum. Look to the PRO, as John mentioned, that's an investment for us. PRO loyalty has been building over the last three years. We've gained significant share, and we intend to continue to outgrow that market. So, adding more people on the street to continue to get new customers, new painting customers to try our products, we've seen that be very successful when they try it. There was a lot of question on our ability to maintain the share gain and the stickiness, we've done that. So, we're focused on continuing to drive those share gains, and it takes an investment to do that. In terms of operations, things like buy online, pick up in store, expanding delivery options, expanding the PRO sales force, as I mentioned, working and expanding our loyalty programs. This is all fundamentally part of our strategy. And at the end of the day, we're committed to managing our decrementals in the downturn, while at the same time, investing so that we win and exit stronger coming out of this recovery. And we think that's the right equation for our business.
Keith Allman: Matthew, you mentioned destocking, and I know there's been talk out in the industry of that in various channels. We did see, I'll call it, moderate to very moderate destocking in Plumbing in Q4, a little bit in North American wholesale and less in retail. It really wasn't significantly material for us, and we're not expecting significant headwinds from destocking in 2023.
Keith Allman: The biggest impact is the planned volume reduction. So, the way we impact that is to drive productivity and to reset our manufacturing and supply chain. So, as you might imagine, we're working hard to equalize shifts to make sure we're continuing to drive productivity in the variable overhead line. We always drive and focus on our direct labor and shifting that direct labor down. And we have had, as we talked about, really starting in the back half of last year's operational and supply chain challenges, and it really is on rhythm and getting our supply base to deliver us and delivered in a way that's synchronous with what we expect and how we have our build scheduled, so we can be very efficient. That's still a challenge. Now we're significantly better. That challenge will remain through Q1, but coming out of Q1, we're going to have that behind us and have our productivity where we expect it to be. So, lower volumes is the principal driver of the margin pressure, and then higher costs that we'll work through early in the year.
Keith Allman: No, we'll have some additional actions. There are spots of our Plumbing business that we're looking at, and we'll be implementing price. And then, in our Decorative business, as I mentioned with our commodity basket, we're continuing to see elevation there, and we'll watch that.
Keith Allman: Yes. I think it remains to be seen, but the cost of capital and the leverage limitation that, that represents could make it a little bit more difficult for financial buyers and could help us. But we are seeing a little bit of a slower deal flow, but again, very active in the cultivation and trying to make sure that we drive strategic fit and right return.
Keith Allman: I would tell you that the fundamentals and how we look at that market are still supportive of long-term growth for DIY, particularly the millennials. That's a big cohort. They're clearly influxing into the housing market. And we've seen, based on our basic research that they're more than willing to pick up a paint brush and do their own painting. So, I think that's a position that will bode well for us as our brand gains more and more traction and really a leadership position with those millennials when they look at the data that we see.
Keith Allman: If you think about the pandemic and how that played out as it relates to a significant growth early in the pandemic with DIY, and then as that fear, if you will, of folks coming into your house abated as the pandemic was more under control, that shifted over to PRO growth. And I think the position that we have with our outstanding partnership with the Home Depot, in terms of being able to cover that variability in those shifts, our PRO business is very strong now. [Technical Difficulty] different shifts in the market and potentially different shifts from one part of that market, say DIY to PRO. We like our brand, and we like what our brand represents to both the end consumer as well as the professional.
Keith Allman: Again, where we're talking about our targeted price increases for 2023, it's mainly in Plumbing. We've got some international price increases planned in some spots. I think we have some on certain parts of our assortment in North America. So that gives you a little bit of color. In terms of pushback, to-date, not really. I think it's all about the price value relationship and the service that we bring, and our customers and channels are well aware of the costs that we're experiencing, not only in the direct material front, but really, as I talked a little bit before referencing our paint basket, the way we ship our packaging, our freight costs, our labor costs, those sorts of things. So, I would say not any more pushback than you would normally see. On the mix front, a little bit of trade down. Slight trade down in our Plumbing business we've seen in spots, but really nothing that I would call significant at all in '22 and nor do we expect it in '23. And that's part of that similar to our coverage across DIY and PRO in paint as it relates to being able to address market swings. We also have broad assortments. And we cover price points, and we have styles and various technologies that fit for different people. So, we're prepared for those kinds of changes if they come, but we're really not anticipating very much mix shift at all.
Keith Allman: I think John touched on this a little bit earlier, Keith, is the -- if you think about our paint business, that adjusted volume-wise, kind of midyear. The Plumbing business was a little bit later to do that. So, I think that's a combination of larger backlogs, bigger projects that tended not to flex so much. So, I think that carryover helps to account for a little bit more of a volume reduction guide on Plumbing than we have on paint.
John Sznewajs: And Mike, maybe I can give you -- in addition to Keith's comments maybe a little more color specifically as it relates to the Decorative Architectural segment, the margins there. So, to your point that you raised, obviously, we recover the dollar cost and inflation. And maybe to put a finer point on that, if you consider -- if we take a 10% price increase in the segment, that will result in roughly 180 basis points of margin compression. And so, while we maintain our operating dollars at flat levels, and so -- and to the point that you were making, yes, clearly what we're seeing now and what we're foreshadowing for 2023, a big part of our '23 guide versus historical performance relates to the cost recovery that we're getting on inflation. The other thing that I would point you to, in Keith's prepared remarks and my prepared remarks, we talked about that we're going to make some incremental investment in the -- particularly, in the Decorative Architectural segment around the PRO business. And so that's also having an impact on 2023 margins. Now, to the point you also raised, to the extent that commodities were to roll over, and there would be input cost deflation, you would see some margin expansion as a result of that -- due to the fact that there could be some pricing concessions that we would give when commodities rollover. So that's how that math would work. So, I think your point is well taken and I think that helps explain the 16% versus our historical margin.
John Sznewajs: So, Stephen, yes, the guidance that we gave in terms of the cadence, obviously, we said Q1 is going to look a lot like Q4 of last year. So -- and then what we said, from there, operating margins should expand on a year-over-year basis each quarter thereafter. To your question on whether we should see positive sales comps by year-end, just given the double-digit decline, the approximately 10% decline that we're expecting in sales for the year, it's hard to say how Q4 is going to develop at this point. But at this stage, I probably wouldn't count on positive comps in Q4.
John Sznewajs: And Mike, maybe I'll take the Plumbing side of the equation. So, as you know, as you look at some of the base metals, copper, zinc that go into our Plumbing products, obviously, the inflation there was pretty significant in the year, [up low] (ph) double digits. If you look at the prices through the course of '22, they probably peaked in the second quarter. We saw some moderation in Q3 and Q4 of last year in those commodities. That said, since the year has begun, we've seen a little bit of an uptick in both of those copper and zinc. And so, they're still elevated, but off their highs, obviously. In ocean freight, which is another good significant input for us on that side, has moderated as well. But it's still, compared to historical, it's above normal levels. And then, obviously, wage inflation is still something that we're dealing with. Some of the things that are also impacting us in the Plumbing segment, like, are energy cost in Europe, as you might expect, given what's going on over there, that's offset. So, any of the benefit from moderating demand -- or moderating inflation in the raw materials have been partially offset by some of these things. So, net-net, where do we land on this in 2023, we think we'll expect -- we're expecting low single-digit deflation in our Plumbing input basket as we continue to recoup some of the cost increases that we've incurred over the course of the last couple of years.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Sure, Matthew. So, I'll give you a little bit of color on that. And you touched on it partly in your question. And a portion of what we expect to see happen in the year in Plumbing is due to the spa business, because it is a high-ticket item and it's one that, as Keith mentioned in his prepared remarks, is now back at normalized backlog levels -- backlogs. And so that's a portion. But the other portion that I would guide you to think about is, if you look at the sales cadence through the course of 2022, Plumbing had much less of a pullback than our paint business did in 2022. And so, as we see the calendar role to 2023, partly due to the spa business, partly due to some of the stronger comps that they're going to be facing in the first part of the year, we should expect to see a little bit of soft -- a little bit more softness perhaps in the Plumbing segment as a result of those strong comps that they'll face.
John Sznewajs: Yes, I'll take that, John. So, our corporate development team is active and we, as a management team, are active in the cultivation process of [flock] (ph) of acquisitions. But at the same time, as you might imagine, in this environment, there's -- the conversations are probably not as productive, just given some of the softening performance in businesses through the course of the back half of '22. But that said, you never know when people are going to transact. And so, we have to be out there. We have to be engaged. And so, we've got the team out there and actively looking. That's -- and so it's always hard to forecast what may develop through the course of '23, and so that's why we're guiding for everyone to think more about share repurchases at this moment. But Keith, I don't know if there's...
John Sznewajs: Yes. So, as we look at our DIY paint volumes, Garik, we are at roughly 2019 volumes, if not, just slightly under them right now. So we -- the market has kind of reverted back to those 2019 levels.
John Sznewajs: And the other thing I would point out, Garik, and I should have mentioned this earlier, to the extent that the economy does soften, you do tend to see a shift more towards DIY consumers take on projects, more projects themselves as opposed to have the projects done for them. So that could be a tailwind for us as we go into 2023.
John Sznewajs: And Garik, the one point that I would just add to Keith's good comment is, as you think about price for '23, the significant majority of price will be carryover price rather than newly implemented price in 2023. So, I just want to make sure that, that distinction is very clear to everyone.
John Sznewajs: I think, Keith, it would be kind of the same -- similar cadence that we described earlier, where a little bit more impact in the first part of the year, given the stronger comps that we're up against, and then we get into easier comps in the back half of the year.
