Keith Allman: Thank you, John. 2021 was another dynamic year. We navigated it well and delivered exceptional results. As we enter 2022, we are poised to continue this trend of proven execution. Masco's focused business model of low ticket, repair and remodel products, with market leading brands and products and geographic diversification, provides growth and stability through cycles. We leverage our consumer insights, broad channel relationships, scale, diversification, and our Masco operating system to drive innovation and make our businesses better. The repair and remodel industry is an attractive industry with favorable long-term fundamentals. Growth on average is approximately GDP plus 1% to 2%. Cyclical factors, such as home price appreciation, and existing home turnover, have a high correlation with repair and remodel activity. Structural factors, such as demographics, the age of the housing stock, and how consumers view their homes can also drive increased repair and remodel activity. We are on the leading edge of the large $75 million millennial cohort forming households and entering the housing market. 2.7 million more homes will reach the prime remodelling ages of 20 to 39 years old over the next three years. And the COVID-19 pandemic has clearly increased the desire for more enjoyable living spaces, which has led to increased home demand and remodelling expenditures. All of these structural forces provide tailwinds for our business. As we previously outlined, our long-term outlook is comprised of above market organic growth in the range of 3% to 5% annually. Growth from acquisitions in the range of 1% to 3%, margin expansion each year through cost productivity and volume leverage, and continued capital deployment in the form of share buybacks should contribute approximately 2% to 4% to EPS growth. Together, we expect this to result in EPS growth of at least 10% per year through cycles, plus dividend returns of approximately 1% to 2%. With favorable fundamentals, and our continued focus on executing our growth strategy, together with our strong free cash flow and capital deployment, we are positioned to continue to drive shareholder value creation for the long-term. With that, we'll now open up the call for questions and answers.
Keith Allman: Yes Ken, let me take a crack at the price and volume part of the question and maybe John can contribute as I go through this. Without a doubt price was a healthy contributor to the growth in the quarter. As we and many others implemented price to offset, as you mentioned, the significant raw material inflation that we've experienced and frankly continue to feel, after a volume decline, let's say in Q3 for the segment, volume has increased in Q4. And we expect that trend to continue into 2022 despite as you know, tough comps that we've had from 2021. So I will point out, however, and we've mentioned this consistently, that when we get priced typically, we get price to cover the cost increase of the baskets in terms of dollar impact. So that does represent some margin headwind for us this year, and we will continue to experience that. So we put price into the market and have covered our costs. We expect some margin headwinds, so that's consistent with what we've talked about. However, we are seeing some volume improvement, and we expect that to continue to occur.
Keith Allman: It's been tough without a doubt and it's, you know, there's no one single thing I would point to, there's really several. There's, as I talked in the past, I think we have an outstanding research and development department in our coatings business that has been able to work through challenges as it relates to changes in inbound supply and being able to take on different suppliers. We have a tremendous supply base and those companies that we have the long-term and I'm talking 20 plus years relationship with, have done phenomenal things for us and continue to do phenomenal things. So I can't thank our supply chain enough. And then of course, the folks in our company and they are and throughout our businesses that have really worked incredibly hard and really put good thinking to how to manage through this crisis. And it hasn't been without its challenges. I mean, it's -- we're far from perfect, but we've done pretty well. I think we've -- at the end of the day, we've demonstrated operational excellence and what the Masco operating system can do these past couple of quarters. And it's afforded us the opportunity to get more of our paint into more professionals hands and when that happens, it's good for us. As I said, we've recently been awarded again, some nice accolades around service. You're well aware of the awards that we've received in terms of our quality, and our net promoter scores and our experience, et cetera. So we have a very good product and it's been beneficial for us to be able to leverage our supply chain excellence and our supply base and our people to get more people to try it. And as I said, when pros try it, they tend to like it. And it's -- we're up against tough competition, there's no question about it, but I'm very confident in our outlook of mid teens growth in PRO paint for 2022.
Keith Allman: Yes, Mike, I think in terms of overall market growth and what we're expecting for North America, as I talked, we’re looking at mid-single digits and that's including price, and then in our international market is probably in that low single digit type of growth environment and our expectation is to outperform those.
Keith Allman: Yes, Mike I’ll start. The recent announcement doesn’t change our strategy or outlook in any way. Our relationship with our channel partners is extremely strong, really hasn’t ever been better. We're committed to mutual growth. We have significant discussions around our strategy and how we’re now going to continue to drive that together. So, the relationship is really strong. We're not losing any shelf space. The recent news is mainly switching out of some other products in the aisle not replacing ours, so it's not a shelf space issue. So we’re confident in our paint business for the reasons that we talked about. When you have the best quality, and the best brand, and the best service, and the ability through your supply chain to get it in into more hands and that’s a good sales pitch for us, and we have an outstanding sales force out there. So that, plus the fundamentals of the market, both cyclical and structural, give us plenty of reasons to feel very good about our paint business. And then additionally we want some shelf space in adjacent categories as well which further demonstrates the strength of our quality and our brand and what the consumer thinks about it. Things like, as I mentioned, the aerosol, interior stains, corks and sealants and stuff like that. So there's plenty of reasons to feel good about our paint business and we do.
Keith Allman: What I'm most excited about what these additional spaces that we're getting into is it really highlights the strength of the Behr brand, and it really serves as more of a Billboard for us in the aisle and builds momentum with regard to the overall brand. Honestly, in terms of the overall size of these wins, at least for now, compared to our overall paint business, it's not that big of a win and I'm not going to get into the specific margin breakdowns of it. In terms of the price cost relationship as it relates to price recovery for costs only, not getting margin on that, just to kind of give you a little bit of back of the envelope math, a 5% increase in cost where we recover only the cost but not the margin, equates to about 100 basis points of margin erosion. So that gives you a flavour for the kind of challenges we're looking at in the dynamics that we have. The new wins, they're not that large compared to the overall segment now, but I think very positive for us for the reasons I mentioned.
Keith Allman: Yes. We're keeping a close eye, Mike, on these investments as we have in the back end to make sure we're getting the return for them. So it's not like we're keen on just simply jumping up our SG&A back to historical levels. I would think about in 2022, while we're increasing in the spend area our SG&A as a percent of sales we should still hover around that 17%. In terms of capacity, you talked about -- I think you asked a little bit about where that investment is going. Our CapEx typically averages between 2% and 2.5% of revenue. We've been on the lower end of that for a number of years. For the next couple of years, we'll probably be on the high side of that range. The large projects that we announced as they come online will have capacity for us probably in that 2023 time period, but we've always said that our number one capital allocation priority is to reinvest in our business. That's the best return we get. It's the least risky and it's one we have the most confidence in. So it's -- these will be -- these capital investments will be spaced over the next coming years, and as I said, should put us towards the higher end of the range for a couple of years.
Keith Allman: We've made a little bit of improvement, but I'd say, Susan, it's a mixed bag. If you look across the different products, the channels and geographies, I would say generally speaking, that we're still a little bit light, so that might represent a little bit of tailwind for us. But really, we're getting back fairly close to where we want to be, but there's a little bit of upside, I would say.
Keith Allman: I'd first point to the last couple of years and say these have been some strange times, obviously, with fairly significant inflation this year with the COVID initial austerity program where we really cut back at the beginning of the pandemic to keep a sharp eye on liquidity to a very much a spike in demand, if you will, or where people over time throughout the pandemic had a different view of where -- what their home meant to them and what they were willing to invest in their home and how they wanted that to look and feel. So it has been a strange past couple of years for sure to stating the obvious. As we look forward in the business, our margins are pretty good, but our mantra is to continue to improve them. And that improvement will not come in hundreds of basis points chunks. It will come in rather modest improvements over time. But fundamentally, we have a drop down in that 25% to 30% on the base volume and then we're going to continue to invest for growth. And in some cases, those investments, like we've talked about in the past, come ahead of the growth, and we earn our way into that. So as we think about the competitive forces, we think about the value of our drop down, we think about the need to improve -- invest incrementally in future growth, we're committed to slight margin expansion as we move through the years.
Keith Allman: Phil, I would tell you that this is not a static environment. I think we certainly have a view of where the overall inflation is going to be, and we based our plans on that, and we have the commitment to price/cost neutrality and we've demonstrated the ability to get that and all those things, but it's not static. I mean, as John alluded to in the fourth quarter, we had high teens raw material inflation back in the fourth quarter. And we think that's going to be in the mid 20%, still to come here in the first quarter of 2022. So there are some moving parts here, and we need to continue to work through them.
Keith Allman: Yes, you hit the nail on the head. So we have made significant changes and by design have reduced the cyclicality of Masco, less cyclical, more resilient, less distance peak to trough, less time, peak to peak. So that is really what we've changed and built the portfolio for. So we believe and it's demonstrated that the R&R market is more correlated with home price appreciation, existing home turnover, consumer confidence and the like versus interest rates, particularly with many repair and remodel projects not financed with mortgage debt. So we believe that, that dynamic alone provides some pretty good insulation from concerns about rates, but then there's the structural factors. And you think about the demographics and the number of homes, you think back to that 2002 to 2006 time period when we were building 1.9, 2.0 million kind of homes, those are now starting to age to that juicy age of 16 to 20 years where significant remodeling occurs. So that structural aspect and the COVID impact in terms of how people are viewing their house, plus the millennial cohort coming in, as I talked about. So we feel that through our designed work on the portfolio and what that portfolio now depends on in terms of the consumer rather than interest rates that we're in pretty good shape.
Keith Allman: But we still are looking at volume across both segments, but yes, as John said, price will be the majority of it.
Keith Allman: Yes, we're still struggling with that. And I would say, towards the back half of the year with the Omicron variant, that has increased and fairly typical of what the rest of the country is seeing. But we are seeing elevated absenteeism in our factories, and it's happening in our supply base as well, so that remains an ongoing challenge. I just looked at some recent data, and it appears that it's starting to wane, but we'll see. I think our approach -- I know that our approach is that this, expect this type of absenteeism to continue, and we've got to figure out ways to best manage it, but yes, it's an ongoing challenge, there's no question.
Keith Allman: Yes, it continues to remain strong. Our incoming order rate, our backlogs are solid. And importantly, we have not seen, if you will, a trade down in the mix as it relates to a reaction to the significant price that us and others have put into the markets. So where we sit right now, it's pretty stable.
John Sznewajs: And then Ken, the only thing I would add to Keith's comments are kind of two with respect to the performance and specifically in the fourth quarter, one specifically for the fourth quarter, and then one in 2022. So if you look at the margin expansion that we experienced in the fourth quarter, a good chunk of that is attributable to the improved performance of Kichler during the quarter. They improved significantly compared to the results in the fourth quarter of last year. And maybe just one another comment to emphasize what Keith said about 2022 for paint, we continued to experience inflation and we think we're going to experienced further inflation here in 2022 as paint as well will continue to inflate. And so, we'll have to continue to work through those challenges as we go through 2022, but we feel confident in our position.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Mike it's John. I mean, I'll take a crack at this and Keith feel free to jump in. So, if you think about margins for 2022 like compared to 2021, just given the strong comps that we faced in the first half of the year, and from the fact that the way inflation rolled out through 2021, with it not really impacting the P&L too much in the first half year and being much more significant impact to our P&L in the back half of the year. But that leads us to believe that that is if we go into ’22 you kind of see a mirror image of 2021, meaning that a little bit more margin pressure in the first half year as we recover costs to offset the inflation, but then as we lapped the inflation and going to the back half of the year, we should see margins expanding in the back half of the year. In terms of top line cadence, I think it’s fairly balanced through the year, not a significant difference between first half, second of the year, Mike, and it feels pretty straightforward at this point. So, we like where we’re positioned. As Keith mentioned in the prepared remarks, we’re seeing good growth both domestically and internationally. So, we would feel good about where Plumbing is positioned in here, expects margin expansion in 2022.
John Sznewajs: Mike one, just one last piece, we do think that our margins bottomed out in Q4 and then we should see sequential improvement in Plumbing margins as we go into Q1.
John Sznewajs: Sure, let me take a crack at that, Adam. Overall, I think that inflation for 2021 was kind of high single digits. As we look into 2022, we do you expect the impact to be up modestly from 2021. It could be low double digits in the first half of the year. That said, if we specifically look at [indiscernible] paint, we do think it could ramp up to 20% for the first part of 2022, so the first half of 2022. So, we are expecting this inflation to continue at least in the first part of the year.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Mike on that one, it’s just the continuation of putting some of the investment back into the business that pulled back on during 2020. So, from a -- in terms of the actual dollars of investments, its modest in terms of the ongoing investment as we talked for 2021 and we're looking to put about $40 million back into the business. Most of that is going to be in the Plumbing segment, and I’d say, we made progress along those lines. I'd say the dollar amount, we saw some room to go in terms of investment as we go into 2022, but I wouldn't say it's significant from here.
John Sznewajs: Hey John, no, that's not incremental on top of it. I'd say we'd probably be on that run rate probably in the back half of the year. And we're just going to still be -- we're going to meter that investment in as we see how demand shapes up for 2022.
John Sznewajs: Yes, John, as you look at that business, I would say that the Plumbing, yes maybe to correct your point closer to 19% than 18%. And I would expect that volume if you look at that business, just given the strength of it will flow through pretty consistently through the year. So it's going to be a contributor to us achieving that 19% margin, but it's to -- I'd say there's no -- it's not going to drive us well north of that just given that strength of those backlogs.
John Sznewajs: Phil, as we look at the Decorative Architectural segment for the year, I'll tell you a couple of things. One, obviously, as you look at the cadence of our progression in 2021, obviously we faced some pretty significant headwind in the second quarter, just given the challenges from the Texas freeze in Q1 of last year and so that impacted our Q2. But as you think about, both our top line and our bottom line for 2022 as compared to 2021, I think you're going to see better growth in the first half of the year than in the back half of the year, largely that's due to some of the pricing that we put in during 2021 as well as the relatively soft comp that we had in the second quarter of 2022. As you think about the margin progression for 2022, again, recall that in some of the comments that both Keith and I made about, as we recover the dollar cost of the inflation, it's going to impact margin. And so with that segment, I would expect to see -- we really talk very openly about the margin compression, and we really don't see that really getting much better as we go through the year. I mean, I think it'd probably be more of a first half weighted will probably be more impacted than the back half, all depending on where inflation goes. So that's how we're seeing it now with -- we're very confident though in the 18% margin. And as we think about the fourth quarter, we probably did see a little bit of margin compression on the paint side, just given that price cost recovery action that we talked about earlier.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Phil, I'd say both will contribute to growth, I'd say in this inflationary environment in 2022. 
John Sznewajs: Sure, Stephen, in terms of inflation, you're right, yes, we do expect additional placement from here. We are continuing to see inputs, both titanium dioxide and resins continue to inflate as we enter 2022. So we do expect that to be continuing to increase in 2022. As it relates to the goodwill impairment charge that we took out was related to Kichler. While Kichler has enjoyed improved performance in 2021 and returned to growth and actually had some nice, both productivity and profit improvement in the year. But as a result of the inflation that impacted the business, both initially starting in 2019 with the tariffs evolved then in 2021 with what took place with the inflation and how it overall impacted the business, we made the determination that it was appropriate to lower the carrying value of the business and took the noncash charge in the fourth quarter. This said, we like how the team has performed. We like how the business is standing today. And so we feel much better about how this business is positioned.
John Sznewajs: It should be pretty stable throughout the year with maybe a little bit better in the back half of the year, Stephen. But I don't think there's anything new, there's not a meaningful driver to make a huge distinction between first half, second half.
John Sznewajs: Yes. I mean, Garik, what we're seeing, particularly with some of the inflation that continues. It looks like we'll need to -- I mean we've put in a lot of price to date, but we likely foresee the need for further pricing actions as we go into 2022.
