Keith Allman: Thanks, Mike. This is Keith, I'll take that one. We did see moderating demand POS in the quarter a bit more than we expected. It was fairly broad-based I would say, across categories in terms of incoming orders in POS, which we think is most important. Most categories saw this decline across channel. So broadly speaking, we did see moderating, POS demand on the consumer -- on the customer side across channels and categories. We do expect volumes to be down in both segments for Q4 understanding that Decorative had a 15% comp and Q4 PRO paint, I think, was like 50% comp. So we do expect volumes to be down in the fourth quarter across both of those segments. In spite of this, we do have backlog in some of our business, wellness in particular and we did it as John and I both mentioned we had another solid quarter of PRO paint growth. In terms to your question with regards to inventory and inventories in the channels, I would say that inventories are in pretty decent shape. I wouldn't say that they're overstocks or excessive. Some destocking is occurring across categories and channels for sure. But there's always movement in inventory levels, particularly in changing macroeconomic environments and changing markets like we have, evens out usually around the end of the quarter. We do see some stock de-stocking that happens around quarter-end that we've talked about in the past. So we are not really expecting inventory destocking to be a material impact for us as we think about Q4. So the majority of it we would say is an end market demand driven.
Keith Allman: Hey, John, this is Keith. Let me -- if I can just insert here just a minute. You referenced some commodities that have come down in paint I think you meant plumbing --
Keith Allman: Yes. We're not really getting in deep into 2023 here. We'll talk about that next quarter, Mike. But certainly, our expectation would be that we'd see some commodity relief and it's all flowing through our P&L a little slower than we had anticipated because of some of the volume pullback. I would say we expect that to be a tailwind in 2023.
Keith Allman: When we think about promotional activity in general, I would say that it's been more muted than in the past. I think given that where the volumes were we have increased our advertising and planned to continue to do that. In terms of promotions overall in the industry, I suspect it'll that, that we'll see a little bit of an uptick in that, but it remains to be seen. Our preference obviously is to compete on brand service and innovation and continue to drive that, that's worked well for us. And I think if we do see increased promotions, it will be more spot promotions, if you will, rather than the - what was traditional pre-pandemic, say, where they were more ingrained into the market more consistent. That's what we're currently seeing.
Keith Allman: Yes. I think when you look at what happens in an environment where there's a quick volume reduction, there's a couple things in the cost side that are impacted. Firstly is on the material side. The costs that we have seen that particularly in plumbing that have backed off a little bit from their highs, take a little bit longer to flow through our P&L because of the lower volumes and that's the case for us. It's taken a little longer than expected, say a quarter or two to flow through the box -- because of their volume. So that's a piece of it. And that really comes with time, we -- as the -- as they roll through the P&L. It also drives absorption issues and variable overhead principally. And as we see where that'll settle in, that, that's going to give us the ability to better dial-in our shift patterns and balance our factory to drive productivity. And this is quite typical when you see rather rapid volume reductions and we're working that.  Inbound logistics talking about specific in plumbing that's been timely deliveries can be challenging and drive productivity issues. Frankly, we expected to see a more rapid improvement in that. Things are improving but not to the pace that we thought they would be. So we're continuing to work those down. So in terms of the operational costs that we're currently facing, that gives you a flavor of how we're attacking it. We expect to be through that by the end of Q1. In terms of a more protracted recession if there -- that is there, as John mentioned in his calls, we have an experienced management team that have been through times like this. And our focus, frankly, is to come out of a recession stronger than when we went into it and we were able to demonstrate that in 2008 and 2009 and we're going to demonstrate that again here, but the usual suspects in terms of levers we have around variable costs that we would look to in terms of either delaying spend or cutting back and marketing and advertising, travel, entertainment, those sorts of things. And then of course, there's always fixed cost levers that we could look into. Now, given where our capacity utilization is across our own supply chain, our own factory network, et cetera, and the high-level demand, I don't anticipate that would involve any sorts of reconfiguration of our manufacturing footprint just because of the demand and our expectation for growth, but that gives you few of the levers both short-term and mid-term.
Keith Allman: Sure. I would say the biggest piece is the volumes. So we have the FX there that we talked about and the lower volumes. That does a couple things that that give us challenges with regards to cost. And I've talked about this a little bit in my last response. One is the longer time for the lower material costs that we expected to hit our P&L. And then section -- secondly is the absorption issue. So that's a factor. And then John mentioned the elevated freight and in some case -- and labor costs, so that was -- that's an area that and we expected to see more relief in coming into Q4 than we have. So that's -- that's a second challenge. And thirdly, operational inefficiencies, principally in our plumbing area driven by inbound logistics and the reliability and timely of those deliveries that gives us labor efficiencies and challenges in the shop floors that hasn't improved as much as we expected it to. Now it is improving and we continue to take actions to drive that improvement at a faster rate. But as we look at that improvement and paradoxically, while the lower volumes does give us absorption issues. It does give our supply chain some relief. So we're getting after this and the improvements are coming, but they won't be totally behind us until Q1. So that frames up some of the margin challenges and why, while we'll be a little bit better in margin, it's not as good as we had previously guided to.
Keith Allman: Well, I think we're going to end up; this is not a run rate that we'll stay at. We're starting to filter back in SG&A. We've put in little -- we put in more advertising in our paint business. And we're committed to continue to invest in brand service and innovation because that fundamentally is what'll make us as strong as we can be coming out of these sorts of pullbacks or recessions, however you want to think about it. So we're very careful in terms of how we look at SG&A. It is a dial that we have that we can turn that, that we can either delay some growth spend or delay as I mentioned advertising, travel, entertainment, participation in shows, those sorts of things. But we're very careful with it. We're focused on the long-term exiting of this pullback so that we're stronger than we went in as I mentioned.
Keith Allman: There's a couple of items I'd point to and then John maybe if you want to add some color to it. Clearly the volume moderation is a big piece of it. There's no question about it. And then secondly, I'd remind you when we talk about how we typically perform in price as it relates to commodities, we generally hold our margin dollars. But when you do that that results in margin percent pressure, just by way of example, something like a 10% increase to recover only commodity costs results in almost a 200 basis point reduction in margin. So those two -- the interaction of price versus commodities and the volume reduction of the principle drivers.
Keith Allman: So we delivered a nice quarter internationally in local currency, up 5% as we mentioned. So very pleased with that. Largely driven by Hansgrohe's growth in China as well as several other markets. Hansgrohe has done an outstanding job of positioning that brand and driving it to market leadership in terms of a premium brand in China. We continue to grow there and expect that to continue. European markets are starting to moderate, modest slowdown in incoming orders. Sales overall in Q3 in Europe, I'd say were roughly flat. Again, the broad exposure that we have across many countries that have different economies in Europe is helpful. And that diversification of our risk there is very helpful. I'm glad to have it. So it's clearly seeing a pullback in Europe. But as I said, China, Middle East is doing well for us. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're seeing good growth in India. So I think that diversification as well, more broadly speaking our diversification across price points, our diversification across channels, and of course our geographic diversification both U.S. versus international and then within that international bucket are all helpful for us and why we feel that we are positioned very well to make it through these moderating times.
Keith Allman: Well, I think the overall inflation I think is really starting to have an effect on the consumer. Not just in our products, but in everything from energy to food to you name it. So I think that's -- that's all part of it. Having said that, we still in -- we're seeing good order rates moderating a little bit in our spa business. We are starting to come down to chip away at our backlog. I think that's our backlog now is in that 10, 12-week range. So that's down and we're working that down, but we're also seeing some good order patterns. We are not seeing, Susan, a material shift down. I mean oftentimes in times like this in my career, I've seen, for example maybe a little bit of a shift towards private label. But we really haven't seen that at this point. So we do expect, I expect that overall inflation will ultimately have an impact on the consumer and their spending habits. But where we sit right now, I think the consumer is holding up well. They have a good amount of home equity. Unemployment is obviously in a very good spot. So there's a mixed bag out there as it relates to that combination of inflation and how the consumer feels. But we're not seeing mixed down and we're seeing in some parts of our business still strong order rates.
Keith Allman: All right. Maybe just some specific context on working capital. Business are focused on that as John mentioned its part of our variable compensation scheme. And I would estimate that we'd finish the year in that 16.5% range.
Keith Allman: Yes. I would say that the slowdown really became apparent as you mentioned in September. So it was late in the quarter. The -- while it's early in October, I guess it's not so early in October now, now we're three -- call it three weeks into October. We're -- we've factored that what we're seeing into October into our guide. So our best view of where the year is going to finish out is obviously incorporated into the guide based on that. We've seen some softening in DIY paint demand that we've talked about to give you a little bit of context in that. And the overall slowdown, if you will, has been, as I mentioned, pretty broad-based. It wasn't like there was one particular part of the country or one particular channel or one particular type of product. While I would say obviously that we're still continuing to do quite well in PRO and we're working through and have good demand in our spa backlog. So it did happen late in the quarter. And I'd say it's been that, that it's been fairly consistent since then and what we're seeing in October is incorporated into our guide.
Keith Allman: We're -- we -- as John mentioned in terms of SG&A being something that we watched carefully and we make calls based on the most appropriate use of that. So I would say it's a little bit more accelerated than we have originally planned. If you watch any kind of sports TVs, our ads on for Behr paint for DYNASTY specifically, it's a great product. And we think that when we look at that advertising spend versus the benefit that we get from that, and that is the right thing to do. So it's something that we look at and tweak as we see different demand characteristics and what we think would be the best bang for our buck in terms of what and how we advertise and how much, as John mentioned, I wouldn't model that into ongoing at that -- at the levels that we did in Q3 here and plan to do in Q4 into the full-year. And we'll talk more about 2023 next quarter and give you much more color on how we feel about our brand spend, et cetera, at that point.
Keith Allman: No. It's really the things that we've already talked about in terms of and principally across both segments, it's the reduced volume that obviously has issues in plumbing in terms of overhead absorption and -- but mainly the dropdown on incremental revenue from that volume FX is a factor. We've had some operational issues that we're working through in plumbing and will be behind us by the end of Q1 that we've talked about, but price realization has been a very solid for us.
Keith Allman: Yes. I think it probably a little bit of a decline when you talk volumes year-over-year because of that, but it'll be modest -- modest decline in volumes. We've had good volume growth this quarter that we just finished. And PRO paint is performing very well for us. We let's call it mid-teens growth against that. I think our comp last year, Q3 was like 45%. And we continued to get data and we watched this very carefully in terms of stickiness of the share gain that we've got both with new customers and to your point, it's a combination with the smaller painters or the more paint focused professionals who are painting, we're getting some of that demand as well. And recent data on our net perform -- net promoter score is very strong. So feel very good about what the Behr team has done in terms of what we committed to, which is to keep this share gain going. And the experience their particular in our research are referencing the experience with our product, the programs that we have for PROs and of course, the partnership and how the Home Depot is servicing that that general segment. So our confidence is reflected in the outlook. And while, yes, it'll be a modest volume, but when you look against the comp in terms of gallons, we feel we are doing a very good job of maintaining the share as we committed to.
Keith Allman: Yes. In terms of mixed impacts, we haven't really seen one or are we expecting one. When we look across, for example, in China where we had such strong performance in Hansgrohe that's premium brand and that's where we stand there and that continues to do well. We know -- well, we monitor that, but we really aren't seeing anything. DYNASTY is doing very well for us, which is in the high end, our showroom products in Delta are performing well so no real impact. In terms of staffing of course, we look to maintain our labor productivity numbers and we focus our businesses on our detrimental in times like this. And staffing is a piece of it. And so that's capacity in the sense of a short-term capacity, in terms of matching staffing. We match our inventories to our demand levels. As I mentioned in earlier in the call at this point, where we expect our growth to be mid to long-term I wouldn't suspect that we'd be looking at any brick-and-mortar and we're carefully evaluating our -- the timing of our capital and our expansion projects to make sure that we continue to drive strong return on invested capital, but our plan is to continue to go forward with those as well.
Keith Allman: Yes. I think it's a little premature to prognosticate on the steepness of the recovery based on where we are at this point. I think when we look at the overall savings rate of the consumer, the health as it relates to the overall structure of our industry with the age of stock with millennials coming into the repair and remodel, and specifically into the DIY market, when you look at our coverage, we call it a 50:50 mix roughly in our overall enterprise between PRO and DIY. The price point coverage is geographic. Certainly I think we're positioned to fare better than most as it relates to coming out of this and that's how we're driving the business.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Mike, maybe a little bit of additional color to give you. I'd say that de-stocking will probably be mostly in the non-paint categories. Paint we manage very closely with the Home Depot. And then with respect to our inventories, as I mentioned here in the third quarter, our inventories were a little bit higher than we would like. But I think their teams are very focused on this in doing a good job of trying to match our inventories with demand. And so as I also referenced in my prepared remarks, I -- we do think, we'll get our working capital as a percent of sales down at year-end to probably more normalized levels at like 16.5% or so.
John Sznewajs: Okay. Mike, I'll try to answer a couple of questions then, let me try to break that down in and give it -- and give you a sense. In terms of price/cost, I'd say across the enterprise, we are price/cost favorable and across the enterprise as well as in breaking it down to the segments both segments. As we think about raw materials going forward, we have seen some moderation in raw material prices, particularly on the paint side of the business. Copper and zinc have come off, their highs from earlier in the year, but I would remind everyone it takes a couple quarters for that that benefit to flow through and hit our P&L. And so I'd say that we probably aren't experiencing as much of the price/cost favorability as we would've anticipated in the third quarter, given some of the moderating volumes that Keith just talked about. As we think about the go-forward period, we would expect and it's hard -- it's always hard to foreshadow, but we would expect more favorability in price/costs as we go into Q4. And just given our pricing actions that we put in place kind of some of them were mid-year and quite honestly Hansgrohe is going out with price at the beginning of the year as they typically do that there'll be some favorable price/costs as we go into 2023. So I think that covers most of the questions you asked Mike, but if I missed something, let me know.
John Sznewajs: Yes. So John, maybe I'll start and maybe Keith can -- you can chime in on part of this. So if you think at our 4Q plumbing guide for profit, I agree on margins. It does imply some pull down from where we were previously guided. I think there's really two components. One is the volume drop that you talked about. And then the second piece would be the operational costs that we alluded to in our prepared remarks. And some of that relates to higher than -- continued higher than expected freight and material, but then also some of the production inefficiencies with the changing volume levels that that Keith mentioned. So Keith, maybe with that, I'll turn it over to you if you give a little bit more color on that portion of it.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Yes. John, I really add to Keith's comments. That's right. I mean as we started looking forward to 2023, I think we're going to be very focused on SG&A just and trying to match that, our investment in SG&A up with what we're seeing from demand in the marketplace. And so to Keith point it's a lever that we can pull, we're on top of it. We're watching this very closely, right? Yes, we did enjoy some better SG&A leverage here in Q3. And it's something that's got our complete focus as we move forward.
John Sznewajs: Yes, yes, that's right. I think those are the two components. I think that the third principle component of the margin degradation in Q4 Matthew would be the investment that we referenced in marketing and advertising in the segment. It's perhaps more elevated than we would've had experienced a year ago. And so if you take the volume drop, the cost recovery nature of the inflation and the marketing spend, the advertising spend that we reference, those would be the three big components that, that would cause the margin degradation. But as Keith said, I expect that that that investment in marketing and advertising will be largely contained to Q4 and it wouldn't say that that's going to be something we'd bake in longer-term.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Yes. Matthew, maybe a little bit of additional color to frame this up for you. Recall that international sales are approximately 20% of our overall sales. And in that, Europe represents about two-thirds of that international sales and the rest of the world represents about a third. So we're -- Keith has just talked about it and what we referenced, so the two-thirds is roughly flat. The one-third of the business is growing nicely. So I just want to make sure everyone's got that in context, because a lot of people think our international business is solely Europe and it is -- it's much more diversified than that. Due to the good work that the Hansgrohe team has done over the years to expand their sales base across the globe.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Mike, the other point I might comment on, in addition what Keith just said is, if you take a look at the spend year-over-year, it's up, right? So fourth quarter of last year was a relatively muted spend. So it's -- well and it's higher this year, and I think that's probably the more significant component of it is compare -- is the year-over-year compare.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Truman, but the only thing I'd add is, we're kind of in a period of some really tough comps on the PRO side. We have 45% in Q3, 50% in Q4, I think north of 50% in Q1. So we've -- the Behr team is just a terrific job at executing and taking this share. But as you go up against these enormous comps, it's always tough to post even higher charts on top of that.
John Sznewajs: Yes. And in terms of volumes Phil, I'd say overall, volumes -- as you think about volumes for Q4, I'd say we talked about kind of low-single-digit volume declines in plumbing in Q3 and I'd say that maybe even more significant in Q4 just given the way we're seeing things right now. And then on the Decorative Architectural side, the implied guide for Q3 was that -- volumes on the DIY side were down double-digits. And so if you take that into consideration with what Keith just covered about a modest protocol, you can kind of read through what the volume declines might be in Q4, perhaps low double-digit in Dec Arc.
John Sznewajs: Again, Keith referenced, we're not giving -- so yes, we're not given 2023 guidance just yet, but we'll give that out at our Q4 call.
John Sznewajs: As we look at the volume decline Phil, I remind everyone, if we think about our detrimental volumes, it generally run in the 30% range enterprise wide, maybe a little bit higher than that in the plumbing side, a little bit lower than that on the Dec Arc side. And so as you think about volume declines that's going to have a -- an impact on profitability. That said, to your point is we -- as we get through some of these higher raw material costs that are as they start flowing through and hitting our P&L that should be at offset, will be a one for one offset probably it's hard to tell at this point, but probably a little bit of margin headwind there.
Phil Ng: Hey guys, your 4Q guide, any color on the implied volume declines by segment and any early read on how we should think about 2023 by regions or businesses. It seems like the PRO side of things and spa still holding up quite well. Any color would be helpful.
Phil Ng: That raw material benefit, you start seeing it more early 1Q and I think, John, you mentioned the bigger drop off I think was Dec Arc and maybe Keith kind of corrected you. Is it more plumbing? I just want to flush out the potential impact and the timing of some of that stuff.
Phil Ng: Keith, I appreciate your problem. Now I go to that level of detail, but I'm just trying to gauge with raws falling, when does that flow through? Is that an early 1Q event? And I think John, you mentioned you seeing a bigger drop off potentially in paint, was that really more in plumbing, just want flush that out in terms of potential uplift on lower volume just from a timing and would segment could see a bigger benefit.
