Keith Allman: Thank you, John. We had a very productive second quarter. Our businesses continue to perform well. We executed our strategies. And we are well-positioned across our segments to achieve higher growth in the second half of 2017. We completed the divestiture of Arrow Fastener and improved our capital structure with our debt transactions. We moved our corporate headquarters into a new building, downsizing from 415,000 square feet to 90,000 square feet. This new modern headquarters will facilitate our culture of collaboration, continuous improvement and execution. And lastly, we had a very well attended Investor Day with nearly 300 participants and had thoughtful discussions about our strategy and the demand drivers underlying our industry. And we committed to a $2.50 earnings-per-share target for 2019. Fundamentals driving our business are strong, and the strategy we laid out 2 years ago and reiterated this quarter at our Investor Day, is working. We remain committed to investing behind our brands for growth; developing innovative products to ensure we maintain our must-have position with our customers; focusing on operational excellence through our continued deployment of the Masco operating system; and finally, balancing our capital allocation between acquisitions with the right strategic fit and return, share buybacks and dividends. Our operational execution, coupled with our strong balance sheet and liquidity position, provides us with multiple levers to continue to drive shareholder value and outperform the industry. With that, we’ll open the call for Q&A.
Keith Allman: John, I’ll answer the first part of that question. No doubt in our mind that we gained share. In terms of specifically exterior, we had a very solid quarter with exterior paint, and we grew that business. So no question there was a share gain there. And then, we matched our sales this quarter in DIY versus prior year second quarter, which unquestionably, shows us that we’re gaining share there as well as we continue to outperform the DIY market. And we intend to continue to do that. We’ve got the Behr brand with the leading product quality in the space. We have the leading customer service with regards to JD Powers. We’re investing a significant amount of resources together with our channel partner, The Home Depot, to train and ensure that we have that shopping experience consistently delivered. So we like our progress. We think we’re gaining share without question. And we’re continuing to invest it so that we can continue to do that.
Keith Allman: Steven, as you know, we’ve got a track record. Over time, and there are some leads and lags with regards to supply chain activity that we do to mitigate cost increases and price and those sorts of things, so there are some ebbs and flows. But over the long haul, we’re able to maintain a flush position between price and commodities over time. In terms of what we’re experiencing as we look forward in this year, we have experienced some inflation in TiO2 and Decorative Architectural business that began to impact us in 2016. And that will continue into the first half of ‘17. We have some, or excuse me, second half.  We also have some pressures in resin-related costs mainly driven by methyl methacrylate and that supply input. Copper and zinc are both up year-over-year, and we’re working with various cost-outs and price increases there. And then we talked about the recently announced antidumping tariffs related to Chinese plywood. So we’re working very closely with our suppliers. We’re driving that, those costs down. And for the full year, we expect as a company, to continue to have margin expansion.
Keith Allman: Yes, Chris. Our pipeline continues to be healthy, both in terms of its size and the movement that we have going through it. We’re spending a lot of time across the organization on cultivation, and we’ve also moved deals through the pipeline that we’re talking quite seriously to. So I would say overall, the pipeline is very healthy. We continue to see pretty robust valuations. But oftentimes, there’s good growth that go with some of those more robust multiples. So we’re looking at it very patiently. We have to have the right strategic fit, first and foremost. And secondly, we need to drive a return on invested capital that exceeds our WAC, risk-adjusted. So we’re working very hard at it. The volume is good. The valuations still are a little higher than what we would see typically. And we’re being patient, we’re being strategic, and we’re going to make sure that we drive return on invested capital.
Keith Allman: Chris, as John mentioned, we do have significant investment planned in new product introductions coming forward, and we have the hit that will take largely in Q3 on the countervailing duties and tariffs associated with Chinese plywood. But we do have, and continue to have, solid drop down on our incremental volume. And when we look at the productivity improvements that we’re driving, the benefits of the incremental volume, we believe we will continue to expand margins for the full year.
Keith Allman: Well, we’re not going to disclose the revenue of the program win. We’ll let our customer do that. But I’ll tell you, we do have an outstanding shower door program that’s performing very well, and we’ve had a significant Cabinet hardware win that will continue to drive growth and is a very solid program for us.
Keith Allman: Our capacity is in good shape. As we’ve talked about, there is a tight labor market up there in the Pacific Northwest and in California. We don’t expect that to magically free up. So it’s tight on the labor side. But I will tell you that we’ve had significant productivity improvements. So that the requirement for that labor has gone down quite materially. And the turnover profile that we generally see, and it’s fairly consistent across all our businesses, is that the turnover happens in the people that are hired recently. So while the turnover is tough, it tends to churn on the folks that are less than 90 days. And when you have a kind of productivity improvements that we’ve made, that really takes out the need, and thus, the significant impact on the turnover. As the -- we see some mix shifts, there’ll be certain pieces of equipment that maybe are strained a little more than others, but by and large, we’re well prepared to support the growth. We’ve had good growth this quarter. I mean, really solid growth this quarter. And very pleased with how our lead time and fill rates have continued to remain consistent and really industry-leading, and that’s the value prop for Milgard windows in the West Coast. And that’s in part why we have been able to really bounce back as quickly as we have. We’ve got a great dealer network out in the West Coast. And when we deliver on our promise to them, they deliver on their promise to us to go after growth. So I think it’s early in the turnaround. But I like what I’m seeing, and we’re in good shape.
Keith Allman: Well, we’re committed to continuing our double-digit growth trajectory and we’ve enjoyed that for quite a few quarters. And we continue to do that. And we put investments behind to drive that, it’s just not something we’re hoping for. And those investments are paying off. We doubled our hub store profile relatively recently. We’re fine-tuning that model, quantifying it, training to it. And that’s -- we like how that’s coming along and it’s really developed into a franchisable model, if you will, that we can deploy further. We’ve got what I would call competitive pricing and terms with our Pro Rewards program and the credit set-up between us and the work we’re doing together with The Home Depot. I’ve talked about our top-ranked products, and that’s an external assessment. Numerous locations, that’s important for the Pros to go to and access jobs across regions. I’m really proud of our regional sales reps, our hub store employees and the service that they provide. And our data clearly shows that we’re winning in that service piece. And we’re saving the Pro time and money. We’re a better mousetrap where they can do one-shop stopping and have bundled purchases that they’re already making with our great partner, Home Depot. So yes, we intend to continue a double-digit growth.
Keith Allman: Yes, Bob. I told you to hang in there. I’m glad you did. Really, it gets back to something I touched on earlier with the brand and the dealer network. So when we deliver on our promise, that dealer network really responds because it tends to be kind of quoted business, right? There is a quick lead time there between when the quote is needed and when we deliver the product. So when we’re at the ready with our Milgard value proposition, it’s easy business to flip our way. So that’s a huge fundamental strategic point of view that I have of why I like this business so much is that we have a strong share position to begin with. And we have a strong value prop. So when we can deliver that, it really just creates momentum, and we’re able to outgrow the market. So that’s number one.  And then secondly, the Masco Operating System is really driving productivity improvements, and we’re getting more effective at deploying it. So taking some price where we need to, to make sure that we’re driving volume into our more profitable segments of business, driving productivity, variable and fixed cost productivity, focusing, as I said, on that R&R dealer business, which is more profitable. So it’s a combination of really well-positioned strategically to build off a strong base of market share with pretty good productivity.
Keith Allman: Long term, as we talked about on our Investor Day, we’re targeting 3% to 5% growth and 10% to 13% margins. In terms of this year, we’re expecting mid-single digit growth, if you exclude Arrow and mid-single-digit margins. So as I think about ‘18, I think we should -- we would be able to continue to drive towards that long-term Investor Day guidance. Whether we get there a little quicker or it’s right down the middle, that takes us a couple of years to get there. But I would think about it kind of with those brackets.
Keith Allman: 1.5 years and then about 0.5 year for the other 100. And as I mentioned, we’re focused with our Masco operating system to codify time and territory planning and how to execute sales calls. And we’re really driving a regimentation of execution to make this as productive as we can.
Keith Allman: Well, we’ve had some pretty big DIY initiatives. If you go back to -- way back to a new color center to adding in-store sales reps and focusing on training in developing our BEHR MARQUEE paint, having a clear positioning in the aisle. And again, this is all jointly developed with our partner, The Home Depot. Having this clear positioning of good, better, best. Having -- and consistently improving the service proposition, there’s not one silver bullet that’s driving it. It’s a combination of a tremendous partner, a great brand, great quality and service and a customer experience that’s leading with clear positioning. So all those things I think lead into the fact that we’ve been able to steadily outperform the market.
Keith Allman: The team does a great job leveraging fixed overhead. So we continue to see good drop-down on incremental volume. And at the base of the success of this platform is the brands, customer innovation and the strong channel relationships that we have. So those have been following us a while. No, this is not been something that we just flipped the switch, this has been over a period of three, four years that we’ve really been building the momentum here.
Keith Allman: A big chunk of that growth was driven by our new shower door program, which, incremental stepwise growth as we went from the West Coast to, up to the Rockies and then into the Plains, and now full national coverage with that shower door program with Depot. And then as we’ve talked, we’ve also got a nice win in Cabinet hardware coming up in the second half of the year here. So really, really solid performance by the builders’ hardware team down at Liberty.
Keith Allman: Yes. I think, Nishu, that the TiO2 will really come through in the back half, so we are expecting some margin pressure from that. We have approximately $10 million of new program reset costs that we talked about that are in that segment. And again, these investments that we make are ahead of the growth oftentimes, and we have to earn our way into that leverage. So as you think about the full year in this segment, we expect to be in the mid-single digits driven by volume, and we may see some modest margin erosion.
Keith Allman: I’d say that it’s in the retail promotional environment, it’s a little bit elevated year-over-year, but I would -- in Q2 versus prior year Q2, but it’s on par, I would say, with the back half of 2016 and 2017. And I would estimate that that’s going to stay consistently at that level. There’s no, in particular, promotions, increased promotions that are linked to new product launches. It’s more a face-to-face interface with our designers and with our dealer partners to get out the product knowledge and the sales pitches, if you will, of our new products and to launch them into the channel than it is a promotional expense.
John Sznewajs: And John, just to address your second question about interior versus exterior sales. While we don’t break that out specifically, I can give you some guidance and that’s generally, interior sales far outpace exterior sales at least in our business.
John Sznewajs: So this will all hit in the third quarter, John. This year -- and it’s not -- it’s paint. It’s actually in the Liberty Hardware program reset that we’re doing. And so relative to the third quarter of last year, it will be incremental.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Stephen. So the way I look at it is pretty simple, yes. In terms of these charges in the $1.93 to $2, yes, they are. So the way I think about it is you have $10 million in the Decorative Architectural segment for Liberty, you’ve got the $8 million hit in the second half of the year for the Arrow profit that -- given the divestiture. Then we’ve got the incremental $7 million in the Cabinet segment for the launch costs as well as the incremental tariffs. So in aggregate, approximately $25 million. Favorably offsetting those charges is the $3 million per quarter of interest expense, so call that roughly $19 million to $20 million of headwinds in the second half that are included in our guidance for the $1.93 to $2 which equates to roughly $0.04 a share.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Chris. We think largely that the builder-direct business and the builder-oriented businesses that we’ve been purposefully exiting over the course of the last 4 to 6 quarters is largely behind us now. Could there be a little bit of spillover into the third quarter? Clearly, there could be just a touch. But we really do think that starting now, here in the third quarter of 2017, we should begin to see that segment reposition itself from one that’s been contracting to one that’s going to start to grow.
John Sznewajs: I think you see the fundamental growth in that business over the course of the first half of the year. And what we’re seeing and hearing from our customers, Scott, gives us the confidence. We’re hearing about good showroom traffic at our Cabinet dealers and our Plumbing wholesale dealer -- our Plumbing wholesalers and Plumbing showrooms. So we’re seeing good demand, continuing good demand in our paint business. So all that combined, I think gives us the confidence to raise that lower-end of the range.
John Sznewajs: Yes. A couple of things, Scott. Maybe on the corporate expense side, we are up a little bit this quarter, probably due to the stock comp expenses, the share price rises, obviously, that hits us a little bit harder in the corporate expense side. So that was the principal driver there. That said, we still think we’re going to be in approximately $100 million for the full year. And in terms of the share repurchase activity, there are number of things going on. Obviously, we had our Investor Day and you were there and we had the debt transactions going on. So we were out of the market a little bit more around in some of those events than we would typically have been in a normal quarter. That said, we still have our guidance out there for the $400 million to $500 million for this year. And as we’ve discussed in the past, we’ll be opportunistic about how we buy back those shares. And so yes, I would look for slightly stronger activity as we go into the third quarter and beyond.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Sure, Bob. In terms of the margin profile of the business, right? We’ve got very strong incremental margins on this business. And it’s not only on the core business, but the repair/remodel businesses is quite good. But then also, the builder business that we are looking at going forward, can be strong as well. And so we generally look at this segment to have between 35% drop down on incremental sales. So very good position there. So as you think about how we developed though in 2016, we had very strong margins in the first half, Bob. You might recall, we had I think 10.5% margins or so in Q1 last year, then they popped up to about 14% on some like-spend in Q2. Then they tailed off a little bit in the second half of the year because I think we were closer to 8%, 8.5% margin for each -- of Q3 and Q4 last year. So as you think about the comps that we’re up against on the second half of last year, and the trajectory that we’re having in the business, the fact that Keith talked about earlier about both top line growth and margin expansion in the year for this segment, we feel pretty confident that we can achieve those.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Alex. To give you -- I mean, a little bit more detail on that. I think obviously, a big chunk of that comes down to volume and what we see going into 2018. Obviously, we love the progression that we’ve made so far here in 2017. And so I think if we get higher volumes that -- and clearly, [indiscernible] will help -- recall we’ll have -- we still have a little bit of ERP headwind going into 2018 that’s why we’ll still -- and not -- it won’t be incremental at all, but we’ll still have $3 million to $4 million a quarter of ERP spend as we go into 2018. So that could be a little bit of a governor on net margin expansion. But I think once that falls off, then I think we’ve got a pretty good path to getting to that double-digit margin.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Neal. I’d say we probably did, in the first quarter in particular we got a little bit ahead of raw material with price. That said, in my prepared remarks and I think Keith referred to as well, we had a little bit of pricing headwinds in the second quarter. And just given where the commodities are we anticipate probably some very modest inflation going into the second half of the year. But nothing that we’re too concerned about.
John Sznewajs: We think that our repair, remodel top line growth of kind of mid-single digits is right in line with industry growth and if not, a little bit better. We didn’t really see a lot of choppiness that the [indiscernible] may have implied in our business. And we had pretty consistent performance through the quarter, Mike. So we’re really pleased with how the KraftMaid brand is performing, and we’re really excited about this new launch that Keith described a little while ago. So we think there’s opportunity for continued steady growth in our repair/remodel side of our Cabinet business.
John Sznewajs: Recall, Nishu, that the second half, or I’m sorry, the second quarter, all margins were at about 21%. They were down from the second quarter of last year, so we did start to see some of that commodity headwind hit the segment in the second quarter. And to Keith’s point, we’ll probably feel a little bit more margin pressure in the second half of the year.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Nishu. It’s going to be roughly equivalent in the first half of ‘18, so that’s good catch. I should have probably mentioned that in my remarks. So yes, that’s a, that will be the waterfall effect of the remaining piece of the over divestiture. And just to be clear, on the Cabinet piece, there’s no divestitures per se. But rather, we are deliberately walking away from some low-margin builder business, both domestically as well as internationally. And so that’s the impact. Yes, it was about, as I mentioned, it was about $10 million of impact in second quarter. And could there be a little bit of spillover into third quarter? Yes, there could be, but we don’t anticipate very much.
John Sznewajs: So Stephen, when we gave out the $1.90 to $2, obviously, the Liberty reset costs were not included in that number. Some of the Cabinet launch costs we were -- in our forecast, but the plywood tariffs were unknown at that time. And that’s the bulk of the $7 million number there. The Arrow divestiture was underway, but not particularly well publicized at that time. And so it was not necessarily called out-- so in -- for the interest savings. So you can make an argument that Keith and I knew about the -- that we’re going to divest Arrow, but probably the Street didn’t. And there was a high degree of -- there was a huge factor on that Arrow in our $1.90 to $2 guidance.
John Sznewajs: There was currency effect. And also Stephen, we’ve been factoring the Arrow divestiture in the second half of the year. That said, we still think that Milgard can grow nicely. Probably, slightly easier comp. Recall, we had a little bit of an ERP issue in the second quarter of last year. And so that probably impacted a little bit of our revenue. But we feel really confident about what Joe and the team have established with respect to the Milgard brand and then how they brought sales back so quickly. So we do think that there’s good growth in front of us. We’re seeing very good demand with our customers out there, both our dealer customers as well as we do sell a little bit into the major retailers in the Western U.S. And we’re seeing good demand on both sides of -- with both of those customers in the Western U.S. at this time.
John Sznewajs: Yes. They were doing the same thing that the U.S. business was doing, but they also ran into a little bit of weakness. I think -- we’re starting to see a little bit of softness broadly across the U.K. since -- with their election taking place in the quarter and the like. There was some softness and there was a little bit more discussion on the Brexit. So we’re seeing a little bit of the consumer pulling back in the UK. But it’s not really a material part of the business, so we’re not too concerned about it.
John Sznewajs: Well, a little bit of load-in related to new product going into some store shelves. But I don’t think it was a significant -- anything significant that we should call out or nothing material to call out.
