Donald Demarie: Okay, thank you, Tim. And as Tim mentioned, I'd like to take a few minutes to update you on our Cabinet strategy. Slide #20. The Cabinet industry in 2009 was estimated at $10.6 billion, down approximately 30% from 2006. However, the industry is expected to rebound and by 2014, get back to north of $15 billion. On Slide #21. The U.S. Residential Cabinet market is split into three channels. The dealer channel represents approximately 70% of the total opportunity, with direct to builders sales and sales by home improvement retailers making up the remaining 30%. In the direct to builder channel, we are number one in sales and increasing our share. At home improvement retailers, we are also number one in sales and believe that we are maintaining our share to being down 1% to 2%, primarily due to a reduction in sales from non-core products that we chose to access. At 70% of the market, the dealer channel represents a significant opportunity and even though we are number two in sales, we estimate our market share to be less than 10%. Slide #22. I'd like to take a moment to walk you now through our six key initiatives in our Cabinet strategy. Slide 23. First, we are focused on executing a seamless business integration. We have reduced our fixed cost by $140 million since 2006 while exiting non-core product lines. We are completing our ERP implementation and shipping Quality and Merillat from a common architectural platform. And just yesterday, we began moving people into our new consolidated headquarters located in Ann Arbor, Michigan. We have achieved some major milestones and we remain on track to deliver an additional $30 million in annualized integration savings by 2012 as we have previously communicated. Slide #24. We have launched the winning brand portfolio featuring Quality, Merillat and KraftMaid. Our brands cover all key price points and cover the top three purchase drivers of Cabinets. We are building these brands by generating demand on TV, print and the web. We are promoting and innovating. Our distinct brand positions and new organizational structure allow us to manage our messaging more effectively, while opening the door to further supply chain efficiencies. Slide #25. We believe the Cabinet industry is ripe for innovation, and we plan to reinvent the category with innovative solutions. We are working out process innovations such as our Virtual Selection Center and product innovation like our CoreGuard Sink Base. Our innovation pipeline is building, and we can't wait to our share our new products with you as they launch in the market. Slide #26. The countertop industry was estimated to be a $15 billion market in 2008, and we plan to establish countertops as a growth engine. Our ProCision System allows the countertops to be templated at the same day the Cabinets are measured, thus allowing the finished cabinet and custom countertops to be delivered and installed on the very same day. This reduces complexity for our builders and reduces cycle times, while guiding higher cabinet and countertop retention rates for Masco. By emphasizing the consumer, we plan to grow our leadership position at home improvement retailers. We're looking to deploy virtual technology to simplify the purchasing experience. We are promoting our brand, innovating and launching new styles and designs. Slide #27. We recently launched the largest new product introduction in the history of KraftMaid, 38 new door styles, 32 new finishes and six new bath collections. Slide #28. We have added more feet on the street to drive and accelerate dealer growth, where 1% increase in share is worth an approximate $80 million in top line sales. And we are adding new dealers through our Dealer Advantage Program, which is designed to drive foot traffic with higher conversion rates. Slide 29. Where we have dealers, we've added a brand. With 126 current customers adding another Masco brand. Where we're underpenetrated, we've added new dealers with 50 new dealers coming on board already. Together, 176 dealers have added the Masco brand, representing 241 showrooms, all the while, while not having lost a single customer due to the Cabinet integration. We are excited to share our Cabinet strategy with you today and look forward to updating you all on our progress. And with that, I'll turn the call back up over to Tim.
Donald Demarie: Yes, on the capacity side, we certainly aren't holding on capacity based upon a real growth outlook. As a matter fact, our capacity issues have been more supply chain related given the complexity that we had with the three brands and the fact that each of them had a separate supply chain, and even really a separate manufacturing philosophy. So we've worked hard to kind of drive that efficiency throughout the platform. That was really a key driver in our decision to bring the organization together. We think there's opportunity to continue to get at the fixed cost structure, but we're certainly not holding on the capacity for the hope that we're going to get back to where we once were and feel the need to serve it. So right now, where our heads are at is let's drive the efficiencies out, let's take the cost out and really be ready for the rebound. And to the extent that some point in the future, five, six years out, things are a bit better than we think they might be, then we'll jump for them at that time.
Donald Demarie: Yes, Ken. This is Donnie. it's very, very hard for us to come up with a share loss in this segment because there's been extreme volatility in the cycle times. What we have done now is we've gone back and looked at the locations we've shut, and we had sales plans in place within those locations to maintain sales coverage but from facilities that would have been a little bit farther away. So we're really increasing our coverage ratio. We also took a significant reduction in our fixed cost by driving out cost to really spend the operating losses. As we go back today and really look at sales specifically by market, we think that we probably were too aggressive in taking some of these sales people out. And so we are now addressing some of those markets where we just don't feel that the coverage has been sufficient where we had plans to maybe keep it at a little bit higher level. So we're shifting gears a little bit and that's put in some feedback on the street. We want to make sure that any share loss we had there that we can recover. And to the other point of your question, we have seen pricing on jobs that is unattractive. So as the market has continued to be depressed for a longer period of time, we have seen competitors willing to work for wages and really chase work in areas that we just don't feel is attractive for us at any price.
Donald Demarie: Yes, on the Windows side, we actually have two new products. We launched Simplicity a little bit over probably about 18 months ago now and really, a less featured line for our new build customers. And that has grown in market share and we have seen a mixed change to Simplicity. We also just recently had launched our new wood fiberglass line, which is Essence, and that just launched in the showrooms in the third quarter. So we're excited about that opportunity. So we have seen a mixed change to more of the Simplicity product, primarily in the new home construction side. We haven't seen any change really the dealer market.
Donald Demarie: Strategies really across all three channels, and we're doing a really nice job with our Merillat, Quality brands at the direct to builder. And on the home centers, we've done a nice job with KraftMaid, but we think there's some opportunity there to really focus on innovation and the purchasing experience and really drive sales through that channel. The dealer side for us is probably the one that represents the most opportunity. We're number two in dealers but have a relatively small share position. And we think that, that channel is one that we've been underrepresented in and we put more feet on the street to really go out and further penetrate that channel. So strategies really across all three channels. But if I was going to say the one that holds the most opportunity, certainly, it would be the dealer channel but we see huge opportunities really in all three channels.
Donald Demarie: And I would add, Eric, we're adding feet on the street where we see a significant opportunity to grow share. On the Installation side, we think we cut too far from the secondary market and we've seen opportunities to bring some of those folks back. In the Cabinet side, the dealer market is just -- even though we're number two in sales, and it's really been a market where we've been underrepresented. So we see an opportunity to grow sales within that segment and it makes sense for us to invest to do so. Now on the supply chain side, we've really been focused on managing aggressively our cost structure but also building in flexibility so that on the way back up, we can serve whatever the recovery looks like. We do believe today that that's more protracted than we would have seen in that recovery at the beginning of this year, and we're planning to add back our cost given our outlook.
Donald Demarie: As we spoke to it, on the builder side, we clearly are gaining market share and our sales to our top 10 builders are up. So we're clearly gaining share on the builder direct sales. On the dealers, we're maintaining share but we really had a spot. We are shares through the customers that we've been able to add with new brands. And on the home improvement retailers, we believe we are maintaining share maybe have lost a point or two, primarily due to the product that we exited.
Donald Demarie: Yes, and one thing that impacts that segment especially in the third quarter on a big way is what's going on in Europe. We have a Cabinet business in the United Kingdom that's primarily new construction, and that market has been impacted every bit as dramatically, if not more, than what's going on here in the United States so we've had some significant underperformance in that business unit. And then our ready-to-assemble Furniture business in Denmark to go in Stenberg, really had a loss of some low margin business to one of their large customers that impacted the quarter pretty dramatically.
Donald Demarie: Yes, that's hard to estimate, Sam. We certainly believe that Cabinets in the second half tend to be trending in the down in the low to mid-single digits. So when we think about some of the business we exited that could result in a one- to two-point share loss at home improvement retailers, I think that's pretty consistent.
Donald Demarie: Yes. Michael, the estimates come our Masco Cabinetry group and what they do is they look at their sales plan for these customers. And so depending upon the size of the customer of the market they're in and the showrooms, based on who we've added so far, that's what they would see as a potential for annual sales.
Donald Demarie: And I would add, Mike, we've just begun. I mean this is an effort that we're trying to give you an early feel for. But we're really just getting out of the gate here with our Dealer Advantage Program. We're still adding people and feet on the street to go after and drive some share in this category. We just see it as a huge opportunity for us though.
Donald Demarie: Well, adding feet, certainly, Mike, will increase some cost. But our sense is that that's going to pay for itself and should have a good return on that investment. The WellHome incremental loss was $3 million in the quarter, and as you know, we ramped that up late last year. We did indicate that we expect to have two branches, the two initial branches. One I think that's in New Hampshire and one that's in the Detroit area here, to a break even or better by the end of this year and we still believe that we're tracking that. But I would anticipate that next year, we'll continue to have some launch-related or operating losses generated by that particular segment. But again, don't have that quantified at this point in time.
Donald Demarie: The price starts has always been hard and certainly, innovation is key at being able to maintain your margins and you have to have strong leadership brands. And we've got a lot of work to really position our brands in a leadership position to really drive foot traffic. Delta has just done a tremendous job with innovation and driving foot traffic. And the brand is here on Plumbing you'll have Delta. And we feel the same way in the Paint aisle with what they've been able to accomplish and all the innovative things that there has changed. And really that industry from color match to paint primary on, to nano guard. And then if you look at the cabinet industry, we think we're into the same thing. We think that's been a market that, cabinets for the most part, there's been some new styles and designs and maybe colors and finishes. But it's right for innovation, and we think we have some disruptive innovation in our pipeline that we're real excited to bring to market and we think we're the only one really with the scale to be able to do it in a way that needs to be done. So we look at brands in the cabinet industry, we have the number one brand in KraftMaid for retail, we have the number one brand for builder with Merillat. So where you have strong brands and you continue to innovate and bringing value to both the consumer and your customer, price will always be challenging but it's a little bit easier.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, thank you, Donnie. Just a couple of quick comments before we go to Q&A. Obviously, the macro environment continues to be challenging, and we anticipate that that's going to be achieved for the near term. Consumer confidence, unemployment and uncertainty, whether it's the political climate, foreclosures, home prices, continue to impact our markets. Having said that, we expect that during the near term, repair/remodel activity should be a little bit stronger than new home construction. And we continue to anticipate starts in 2010 to be in a range of 575,000 to 625,000. Having said that, we'll continue to focus on what we can control to improve our execution and strengthen our brands. That includes driving the Masco Business System across our enterprise, continuing to emphasize innovation and continuing to aggressively manage our fixed costs. We estimate by the end of this year, we will have taken out approximately $500 million of fixed cost going back to the start of the downturn. A lot of that has impacted our Installation and Cabinet business. We continue to manage those businesses very aggressively. I think Donnie did a great job of talking about some of the exciting things that are going on in Cabinets. But having said all that, we really need some additional volume in both of those segments, and we believe we're very well positioned when the economy picks up. We will continue to manage both of those segments aggressively. There's more that we can do and more that we will do. We continue to be very optimistic about the long-term fundamentals for our markets. We believe we can create significant value by continue to drive customer satisfaction, working to take market share and longer term, focusing on global expansion. And certainly, appreciate the efforts of the Masco team across our businesses for making all that happen. And with that, we'll open up the lines for Q&A.
Timothy Wadhams: I think the Cabinet fixed cost reduction that we have achieved or will estimate by the end of this year would sound about $180 million. I think it was about $180 million, Keith, as of the end of this year. Now I don't think that includes the closure of the two plants that relate to our ready-to-assemble related business. So there'd be some additional related cost reductions there. I think that's about $20 million if I'm not mistaken.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, that goes back, Keith, to the start of the downturn. This is really comparing our fixed cost structure at the end of 2006 to where we would estimate that we'd be at the end of 2010.
Timothy Wadhams: So that would add another $30 million to that $20 million. So that basically be about $50 million but then it would be more by 2012, Keith.
Timothy Wadhams: That's a good question and I think it really is a continuation of what we started to see in the end of the second quarter. And specifically, as I think most folks are aware, estimations or forecast for new home construction have continued to come down over the course of the last several months. And really, what we're referring to there is what looks like a slower period relative to new home construction. Obviously, we've got a lot of uncertainty around foreclosures and how that's going to play out and the timing of that. But basically, that would be what we're referring to at a point when house prices still have not stabilized, I think the repair/remodel activity probably is going to be deferred until that happens. And we start to see a pickup in consumer confidence. So I think if anything, it's probably from our perspective compared to where we were a couple of three months ago, looks like it's going to be a little further out.
Timothy Wadhams: I think what Donnie's really saying there is we're going to manage a little bit more aggressively for the near term. We ought to be able to react on the upside to the extent that there is additional opportunity and things may be come back a little quicker than we think.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, that would represent about 1% theoretically about $2 billion of sales last year. So that would have been about 1%, Ivy.
Timothy Wadhams: I think the other thing there, Ken, too is that since the downturn in new home, we've made a significant shift from new home construction to repair/remodel in terms of our Window business in North America.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, at this point, David, we would still see that number around 750,000 to 800,000 as we mentioned. We're continuing to work very hard to try to lower that. That's really a segment number though, and I think it's important to note that, that includes the launch related to Masco Home Services and our WellHome business. We've got a Framing business thing there as well as a Distribution business. So that's a segment-wide number. My sense is that we've got some opportunity going forward to bring that down a little bit more, and we'll be working hard to do that. But we're still looking at a number that's approximately in that same range.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, as we mentioned earlier, that we expected a little bit of pressure in the second half, and we did experience that in the third quarter. We'll experience a little bit of that in the fourth quarter. But we'll continue to work with our suppliers, work on productivity and certainly work on pricing related to our products going forward. I would say that again, as you look at our margins historically in this category, they've been pretty consistent over time. Usually they'll move one direction or another on a temporary basis, maybe at quarterly basis. But we're very comfortable that we'll continue to have very good performance in this segment not going forward, and be able to work our way through some of the issues with supply and cost at this point in time.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I think we're going to keep doing the things that we've been doing, Eric, in both the Install and Cabinet business. I think one thing that's really important is we have very strong management teams in both of those businesses. Management teams that we have a very high level of confidence in. Obviously, things are difficult now, but Donnie did a very good job I think at talking about what we're doing from a Cabinet strategy standpoint. We think there's some huge opportunities and again, we've got to get things in place to take advantage of what we think will be a much more robust environment somewhere down the road. So when we think about those two businesses, we think about great leadership, we think about great products in terms of Cabinets, the innovation that we're doing. On the Install side, we've got a good team there as well that is getting after it every day. And again, we have managed aggressively. I think when you look at the costs that we've taken out of both of those businesses over the last couple three years, I think it's very significant. I think there's still opportunity to do that going forward, and we'll continue to do a lot of the same things we have done. We'll look at our footprint in terms of the Installation business. We'll look at the way we manage that business, look at different alternative ways to approach the markets. But again, there's a lot of focus there. We've had very good teams, and we feel very confident that we're going to create value going forward in both those segments.
Timothy Wadhams: I think it's both, Eric. I think as Donnie mentioned, I think we've recognized that we cut very deep on the Install side. We may have taken some folks off the street that could help the top line. You can't cost cut yourselves to success over the long term, and I think there are some opportunities for us to take share. And market share in this environment for companies that have a strong financial position I think is a great opportunity and a little bit more investment. We think we'll have a nice payback, both near term and longer term.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I think the issue there, Eric, is there's nothing remarkable in any of our product groups. I think we saw a slowness pretty across the board. Whether it's a smaller ticket item like paint or plumbing or big-ticket like cabinet. So there isn't any issue or concern relative to share. No concerns just outside of the macro environment. I think our feeling is the consumers have just sort of closed down to a certain extent. And we talked a little bit about that coming out of the second quarter. So I don't think there's any unique trends or anything else going on, Donnie, that I'm aware of.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I think Donnie's comments, Sam, just in terms of whether it's 8% or whatever that number might be, I think our sense is just in terms of share, Donnie talked about direct to builder where we are up on a year-to-date basis this year. We, on the dealer side, we're down about that same number. But our sense is that we've added a bunch of opportunities going forward. So it's kind of tough to gauge. But what we feel in terms of trends going forward are positive, both on a direct to builder as well as from the dealer perspective. And you can see the traction we're getting with the strategy in terms of the dealers we've added, the number of dealers that have picked up the Masco brand. And on the home center side, as Donnie mentioned, we could be down maybe a point there. But we're holding our own from a share standpoint across the board.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, what we mentioned at the end of the last call, Sam, was that we anticipated we had headwinds of about $40 million in the second half of the year related to price commodity relationships. If anything, that's probably increased to say, $50 million, maybe $55 million from a full year perspective. And that would suggest that we've got about $20 million of headwind in the fourth quarter. Most of that is related to resins, inputs for Paint, Windows and Plumbing.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I think in big buckets, Mike, we've got plants related to the RTA business that will be closed in early second quarter of next year or second quarter of next year and I think that's about $20 million, isn't it, John? Roughly in terms of fixed cost. In addition to that, the integration that we announced earlier this year, as we've mentioned, as the savings run rate that we've identified at this point in time of roughly $30 million to $35 million will be at about a $5 million run rate by the end of this year. And we estimate that we'll get the entire $30 million to $35 million by the end of 2012. So I would suggest to you that my guess would be and again, I don't know if we have this documented or detailed, but we'll probably have another $15 million to $20 million out by the end of next year. So that would give you about $40 million of incremental fixed cost reduction in Cabinets by the end of next year, with another $10 million to $15 million to come in 2012 based on the integration. Now having said all that, as Donnie and I have both indicated in the past, as we continue to work on the integration, our sense is we'll continue to find some additional opportunities to take costs out. But that would frame what we think the numbers will look like.
Timothy Wadhams: And I think, Donnie, if I'm not mistaken, I think that's pretty much grounded in the current environment that we're in today. Not assuming any significant lift in terms of economics relative to starts might end or increase in repair/remodel activity from kind of where we are relative to current levels.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, the drop in the profit was pretty much in line with the drop in sales in that particular segment. I would say sequentially, we did have some additional costs from the second quarter to the third quarter. To your point, I think about $5 million, $6 million of promotional related expenses. And again, that is pretty consistent with the fact that we had the new launch for KraftMaid. In terms of your question related to resins and TiO2, our folks have been able to navigate through that issue. It is still tight, but our feeling is that the worse is behind us. But that could be in part as I mentioned on the second quarter call, that when you're growing your business as we have been over time and you've got very good relationships with suppliers, that tends to be beneficial. And I'm sure we're not the only company in that position, but we've had a very good relationship, a very good track record. And our feeling is that in terms of supply based on what we know today, it's still going to be tight but still should be very manageable on our part. And that concludes the call for today. I'd like to thank all of you for joining us. And that we look forward to talking with you at the end of the fourth quarter. Thank you.
