Keith J. Allman: Thank you, Irene. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Turning to slide four. We had a great start to 2015, with Q1 representing our 14th consecutive quarter of year-over-year sales and profit growth. All of our segments contributed to top line growth in local currency, resulting in our North American sales increasing 5%, and our international sales increasing 10% in local currency. We delivered this growth while expanding our operating margin to 9%, our strongest first quarter operating margin since 2007. Our focus on execution and cost containment continues to pay off as we improved our operating profit by $24 million, while decreasing SG&A by $6 million or 90 basis points. As a global company, foreign exchange cost us $0.02 of EPS in the quarter. Despite this headwind, our adjusted EPS grew 43% to $0.20 per common share. This strong performance was augmented by several value-creating initiatives we accomplished in the quarter. We returned approximately $135 million to shareholders through our increased dividends and the repurchase of approximately 4 million shares of stock. We announced an acquisition of Endless Pools by Watkins, a premiere spa business. This acquisition allows Watkins to expand its offering into the aquatic fitness category, opening new channels of distribution and access to a new customer base. The acquisition is reflective of a type of bolt-on opportunities we will continue to pursue. Additionally, the spin-off of our Installation Services business, TopBuild, remains on track for the middle of the year. Before turning the call over to John, I'd like to highlight how our strategies and execution are driving results. In our Plumbing segment, our longstanding commitment to innovation and design continues to propel our market-leading brands to new levels. Delta and Hansgrohe once again broke records in the quarter and both experienced the highest sales quarters in their history. Behr's longstanding reputation as an industry leader in paint was reaffirmed. J.D. Power and Associates ranked Behr number one in customer satisfaction for interior paints. You may recall that earlier this year, Behr was also rated number one in quality by a leading independent testing organization for its interior and exterior paints, as well as stains. These awards established Behr as the number one ranked paint based on quality and customer satisfaction and only add to Behr's brand awareness and brand equity. Milgard windows' history of innovation continues to drive sales with Essence windows and new multi-panel glass doors improving our business mix. Our Installation Services business continues to benefit from a strategic expansion into commercial construction, as well as targeted growth with custom builders. Finally, Joe Gross was named President of our Cabinetry Business in mid-February. He and his team are already delivering on their turnaround plan with improved top and bottom line results. With that, I'll turn the call over to John, who will go over our operational and financial performance in detail.
Keith J. Allman: Thank you, John. We're really pleased with our strong start to the year and our continued ability to execute against a backdrop of strengthening demand for our industry-leading products and services. We started the year well, we have good momentum as we move further into 2015, and we remain confident in our outlook for the year. We look forward to sharing more of the Masco story and our growth plans with you next week at our Investor Day. So with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Laurel for Q&A.
Keith J. Allman: We have a, as you know, Stephen, a very strong global brand in Hansgrohe, and our plan for that brand is to continue to invest in it. And we have a substantial amount of upside as we look across the emerging markets both in Europe and outside of Europe. So, in general, our expectation is to continue to invest behind that. We see good returns on that. The business has good margins, and we feel really good about emerging markets. You mentioned Europe, in particular. Of course, we continue to have challenges like everyone does in the Ukraine and in Russia, but we're committed to the European market and we like the results that we're seeing. And we'll have more detailed information at the Investor Day as we outline more specific growth plans and milestones.
Keith J. Allman: Yeah, on the Paint side, as we mentioned in our remarks, we have good strong momentum rolling with a lot of our awards rolling our way. And we're investing behind that. We have a new Color Center that we're launching and that will be rolled out in the end of March. We really feel good about that. We have an advertising campaign that's coming in consistent with that. And we've also got new products that we're rolling out where we've rebranded KILZ PRO-X to BEHRPro and I think that's going to be very productive for us. We're rolling out Textured DECKOVER. When you put that all together we feel confident in where Paint's going.
Keith J. Allman: No change in our outlook for the year. We're excited about it and we continue to be positive about how we see 2015 shaping up. When you look at the fundamentals and the indicators from a macroeconomic standpoint, they're shaping up well. Consumer confidence is good. Household formation seemed to have spiked. Existing home sales are well-positioned and credit's easing up. So, from a macro perspective, we continue to be very positive. When you look specifically at the demand drivers, in terms of new construction, we talked last call about how we felt that Blue Chip was maybe a little aggressive at $1.150 million they've since come down. We think they're still a little bit high. We're looking at about $1.1 million is how we're thinking out at it in terms of starts, so that's a good healthy 10% growth for us. And we're seeing indications of that growth importantly in the markets. Carolina's very robust. Florida is robust. Dallas is doing well. So this is fairly typical of what we see where pockets start to have that kind of heat, so on the new construction side, we feel good about it. On the R&R demand drivers, when you look at, in addition to the macroeconomic indicators, you look at how our businesses that are more skewed to R&R are performing, you see good signs. Plumbing is a strong R&R business for us and that's doing very well. Milgard windows is principally an R&R play and that's doing extremely well. And in Cabinets, we're seeing KraftMaid, which is in the high end, more or less, in that space doing well and starting to grow which is indicative of a move towards that bigger ticket. Our channel partners as they announced a month or so ago had very strong comps. So from a macroeconomic standpoint, a new construction demand driver, an R&R demand driver, we feel very good about the year and continue to be positive. And I think importantly, we have the supply chain in our company set up to handle it without a significant capital expense and the inefficiencies that can sometimes come with that. So, we're positive for the year.
Keith J. Allman: Mike, there is no change to our mid- to long term expectations for margin in the segment, mid-teens. And specifically in the quarter, we incurred about $8 million of expense related to advertising, marketing and trade show expense which happens every other year at ISH. We believe this is really good spend for us to make, this is a productive segment for us. We have strong brands with good growth potential. So, this is a good place to put our investment. And for those of you that were at the ISH show in Frankfurt, you were able to see the power of the Hansgrohe brand. I don't think it's saying too much to say that we were most definitely the best position in the entire fair. And that's a fair that happens European-wide every other year. So, we feel really good about the investment in it and we really don't see a change to our margin expectations in this space.
Keith J. Allman: Joe Gross is the right leader for this business at this time. We brought him in because of his experience. And he is steeped in turnarounds. He's spent a good portion of his career in private equity working for Cerberus and he's run and turned around and helped us in significant businesses here in our portfolio. In terms of the specific initiatives and his plan of attack and what we're doing with this business, we've talked about our objective is to drive this business to profitability in 2015 and we're going to do that. And in terms of specifics, we'll talk about that next week and you'll get a chance to meet Joe.
Keith J. Allman: We really have seen modest deflation in Paint so far. We expect to see a little bit of favorability on the Paint side coming in in the next quarter. How long that's going to last remains to be seen. If you look at expanding it to our entire commodity basket, there really is a mixed bag. We're seeing copper in our Plumbing segment come off its lows, again how long and how high copper pricing will go remains to be seen. We're seeing some slight inflation in hardwoods in our Cabinets side. And of course, a month or so ago, there was an announcement of a 10% price increase in our Installation. We are seeing a little bit of favorability out in logistics – in terms of logistics costs as the price of diesel starts to come down. As we talked earlier, we really see no significant change in our margin expectations, particularly in our big segments around Paint and Plumbing.
Keith J. Allman: We really don't see a big change in terms of the competitive environment. We've competed against Norcraft for years, and we're going to continue to do that. We have strong competitors out in the space. We respect them for sure. We're focused on our business. And Joe and the team driving the turnaround and getting our Cabinet business back to profitability. But don't see any real fundamental changes in the competitive environment.
Keith J. Allman: We're seeing some good traction, particularly in our KraftMaid brand at both retail and the dealer segment. Market share is very difficult in this fragmented market to report, particularly when you're talking about a quarter-over-quarter of variance. But we like our demand trend and we think we're winning with KraftMaid both in retail and in dealer. We remain challenged in the dealer segment for Merillat, as we recover from some of our execution issues that we had last year, frankly. We have our deliveries and lead times back and we're starting to win back that, the trust of that segment. We have the leading brands in KraftMaid and Merillat in the R&R and the builder segment, respectively. So we're going to continue to drive that demand.
Keith J. Allman: I think it's robust. I mean, when you look at the pent-up demand that we've seen over lack of spend in prior years, when we look at the indicators in terms of new home values, we look at store traffic, the fact that KraftMaid for us has momentum and that's on a higher end of the price continuum, I think that bodes well for the overall R&R dynamics.
Keith J. Allman: In terms of the strategy of the team that's in place and the leadership of Joe, we are definitely applying segmentation to customers, markets, geographies and channels and we're looking at that as a factor, without question. And again, at the Investor Day next week, we're going to go into more detail on that.
Keith J. Allman: Yeah. So, Mike, the deferral – it was more due to the fact that we had some inclement weather, so we thought we'd ask the advertisement people in painting, so we just deferred it into second and third quarters. As it relates to the Pro business, they continue to have nice growth and we'll talk more – Jeff Filley, the Head of Behr will talk more about our Pro initiatives next week at the Investor Day.
Keith J. Allman: It met our expectation. We planned on as we talked last call of recalibrating our pricing and promotional strategies. We're leveraging the brand and the designer advocacy that we have in KraftMaid. So Philip I'd say it was on plan and we do think that the growth that we showed was a share gain for us.
Keith J. Allman: Yeah. We like what we're seeing, the demand is rolling along as expected. As I talked in some of the earlier remarks, the macroeconomics and what we're seeing in specific markets, the foot traffic we're seeing in retail, the movement with KraftMaid indicating that the buyer is moving up in terms of the price continuum, that all supports a nice spring selling season.
Keith J. Allman: We're performing well in the home center dealer channel with KraftMaid. The challenge that we're facing to give you a little bit of color on that from the Merillat side, as you know, last year we had delivery and lead time issues associated with some execution problems we had with our ERP system. We've put that in the rearview mirror. We have our delivery and our lead times back. But there has been some hangover with regards to our ability to serve in businesses that those dealers go after. We're building that confidence back. We haven't lost leaderships but we did lose some confidence in them. And we're working that back and step-by-step, we'll continue to do that. So, directly to your question, Dennis, we're seeing some good strong retail and dealer business in KraftMaid. We continue to be challenged with regards to the demand side at Merillat, but we're getting better.
Keith J. Allman: Well, really, it's not so much, the communication isn't oriented on why to stick with us, it's why you should grow with us and why we're going to be dependable. And fundamentally, we do that with our numbers and our performance.
Keith J. Allman: Yeah. We've – the improvement is a combination of some favorable mix that we've seen and KraftMaid growing. We certainly are performing better on the operational side and getting over some of the inefficiencies of ERP. We've also taken some costs out. So it's a combination of the usual suspects with regards to the improvements. With regard to Joe Gross, he's not a bond guy; he's Joe and not Bill. He's been with Masco for quite a number of years. He came from our Tool business and then was moved into a President of our Rough Plumbing business and all along the way he's done a tremendous job. He does have significant turnaround experience as I mentioned, he's worked in private equity for a good portion of his career. So he brings a very good perspective in this business, and as I said, you'll get a chance to meet him, to talk to him, to have Q&A et cetera at the Investor Conference.
Keith J. Allman: Yeah. I think we're – I'm going to stay away from giving a number. Our outlook has not changed. We feel the same way about these businesses now as we did coming into the quarter and continue to feel good about the outlook for 2015.
Keith J. Allman: As we talked about – as I talked about last quarter, our intention was to adjust our promotional strategy and pricing in Cabinets. We got more aggressive than I think the market would bear, as we've talked about in the past, and we made some adjustments to that. We're competitive in terms of where we are in our strategy right now, and we saw good results from it. We're committed to driving this business to profitability and we're seeing some nice signs as Joe and the new team start to get traction.
Keith J. Allman: Endless Pools was a small acquisition for us. It was about $25 million. In terms of how it fits into the overall strategy, we're focused on bolt-ons rather than per se another leg, another platform for us. We view Plumbing and Paint, North American and Global, and that space is where our target is. We're targeting in the range of $200 million to $300 million as the kind of acquisitions that we're looking on. So Endless Pools is small, but it's consistent in that it's in Plumbing; it's where we see the potential to leverage either our technologies or our access to markets. And that's what we've brought onboard a new VP of Strategy and Business Development, and his role is to help manage our pipeline and we're working with our teams to do that. So while it's small, it's quite consistent with what we're looking at in terms of our ongoing acquisitions.
Keith J. Allman: You're not going to hear from every one of our general managers, but clearly you're going to have people talking to you about every segment. We're going to go through and put the business leaders in front to talk about their growth strategies. We're going to talk about specific actions as well as performance milestones, and we're going to talk about expectations.
Keith J. Allman: Well, Cardell was purchased some time ago. And, really, what we're focused on is trying to give our customers what they need to drive foot traffic and to be profitable for them and for us to be profitable. So, our strategy is a combination of market penetration with the strongest brands that we have, as well as getting our house in order with regards to performance and cost.
John G. Sznewajs: Stephen, maybe just to give you a little bit of color. International sales represent approximately 40% of the segment sales.
John G. Sznewajs: So, Stephen just to answer your first question, the operating profit impact of foreign currency was approximately $10 million in the Plumbing segment in the quarter.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah, Tim, we're not giving out that information any longer. So – but suffice to say, if you think about the volumes – we had pretty good volume growth in the quarter, obviously offset by a fair amount of currency headwinds and a little bit of pricing in there as well. So, I think I've got – I thought some of the segment detail that I provided was probably more useful than giving it in the company overall. So, take a look at the transcript and then if you have more questions we can perhaps circle back after the call.
John G. Sznewajs: Tim as it relates to your housekeeping question on FX. FX will continue to be a headwind, particularly for the second and third quarters because of the way that currency developed last year. If you think about in the fourth quarter, we had about a $32 million headwind in currency in the fourth quarter of last year, so the comp will ease as we get into the back-half of the year, particularly the fourth quarter. So if you take a look at where currency rates are today versus where they were over the last year, order of magnitude of $300 million, so headwind facing us from currency this year.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah, Eric, it's John. Yeah, if you look at some of the others that have reported we're consistent with some. The one company's a little bit higher than us but they had a load-in going in in the stores. So we think if anything we are holding if not picking up just a little bit of share in the marketplace today.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. Hi, Mike. As it relates to the ERP inefficiencies we experienced, it was about $3 million in the first quarter.
John G. Sznewajs: Sure, Alex. Well, that impact comes over a period of time, we've introduced a lot of new products at those trade shows and particularly the one in Frankfurt. And so, we will see the benefit of those sales really from in 2015 and 2016 because a lot those won't hit the market until later this year. But when they do because they're new products and they – we've priced them approximately because of the innovation that's in these new products, you will see that the margin benefit at that time.
John G. Sznewajs: It was probably a little bit of share gain along with some improved mix in the quarter. We've seen a lot of nice upward pricing – or price point driven demand from the consumers in the Western U.S. So, think of our Essence windows as we talked about or Keith mentioned it a couple of minutes ago, some of our paint and vinyl products are doing particularly well. The sliding glass door/glass wall product that we came out with last year are all resonating very well with the consumers in the Western U.S.
John G. Sznewajs: Sure, Mike. It's John. So the trade show actually costs us $4 million, so a little bit more than we expected than the $3 million. But in the $8 million there's some embedded incremental advertising and marketing expenses that we referred to. So, that's how you bridge the $4 million to the $8 million. In terms of the growth – the profit growth going forward from Q2 to Q4, clearly a big part of it is just the expense that we incurred in Q1 we don't expect to repeat itself in the following quarters. At the same time, we do expect to grow this business, so the balance of that relates to the volume drop that we expect to have in the remaining three quarters in 2015. In terms of mix, we do probably see a little bit of improved mix over the quarter, but we did have kind of some crosswinds in there in the first quarter, just with the strong growth in the emerging markets that we experienced.
John G. Sznewajs: So, George, with respect to your incremental margin question on Cabinetry, yeah, we do expect that there should be a $25 million tailwind from just the lack of the incremental expenses that we incurred in 2014 that will benefit 2015. So, above and beyond that, in terms of just the volume benefit, we should expect about a 30% dropdown on a contribution margin on incremental volume in the segment. So, that's how to kind of think about profit growth in 2015 and beyond in our Cabinet business. As it relates to FX, right now all of our debt is U.S.-based. But to your point, given the attractive rate environment that we're seeing over in Europe, as we have upcoming maturities and we have that significant maturity that's coming up in 2016, if the rate environment stays similar to what it is now, we would definitely consider taking a look at perhaps doing some euro-based financing for that refinancing activity later next year.
John G. Sznewajs: We continue to work on working capital, Susan. And as you highlighted, just great outcome that the team from an operations, finance, and supply chain execute upon. We do incentivize all of our employees across the enterprise on working capital performance, so there is incentive to continue to improve that. So there's a variety of things that we're working on, principally around inventories. We think there's an opportunity to continue to improve. That said, I think given that we're kind of at record low levels of working capital, the improvement from here will be slightly incremental. Don't expect major step-change improvement from working capital going forward.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah, Will, there is always opportunity to accelerate or decelerate this share repurchase activity based on where we see the share price go. As I mentioned in my remarks, we are – we did reaffirm the fact that we would purchase between $400 million and $500 million worth of shares this year. And so we'll continue to evaluate opportunities to accelerate repurchases based on where the share price is at.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah. So, volume was up just a little bit, Keith. Pretty good volume in that we saw as a result of the mix though. So KraftMaid really led the volume charge in Q1 as Keith mentioned earlier, both at retail as well as our dealers. So, that initiative has gone very well so we're very pleased with the volume growth at KraftMaid.
