Keith Allman: John, thanks for the question. I haven’t changed my opinion on our ability to gain share, which is that we expect as a company to both outperform the market and to expand margins, and we expect to continue to do that, so we will outperform the market and that’s driven primarily by our brands, which have developed over the years, as you know, to be leaders in their spaces, so there is both consumer pull as well as trade pull, where we’re well recognized by plumbers and pro painters as a quality brand, our service proposition as it relates to our channel partners, to be able to help them drive profitable growth with minimal inventory positions due to our repeatable delivery and service, and our people and our teams around the globe.  Our expectation is to outperform the market. Now, in some spaces that we compete with, there will be greater share gains; in other spaces, where we already have substantial leading market share, those share gains will be more modest, but we definitely expect to outperform the market going forward.
Keith Allman: Well, I think if you--you know, ’24, we believe is going to be flattish on the top line and probably more modest as it relates to margin improvements, and when you think about--when we think about our innovation pipeline and our projects that will drive efficiency and cost reductions, which will lead to that margin improvement, those happen more towards the out years and will take some time to settle in and to be realized into the P&L, so I would say there’s a bit of that margin acceleration in ’25 and ’26, primarily. When you think about it, John, the biggest driver will be the drop down in incremental revenue, and we have very strong, let’s call it 25, plumbing it’s knocking on 30% drop down on the incremental volume, and our plan, as we said, is to--our belief is that we’ll be relatively flat in ’24 and then in ’25 and ’26, when we think about the health of the consumer, when we see what’s happening and believe what will continue to happen with regards to stabilization as it relates to rates, etc., we’re expecting more of a typical growth rate in ’25 to ’26, call it in that 3% to 5% growth in R&R.  Now, there is--we look at the same analytics and we listen to a lot of the same people as it relates to analytics around expectations, and a lot are calling for significantly more than that. We’re not - we’re just basing our ’25 and ’26 on more of a historical 3% to 5% R&R growth rate, so that will be a significant contributor to margin expansion as well.
Keith Allman: Hey Matt, good morning. I think when you think about the improvement rate that we’ve seen this year, we’ve had some pricing catch-up that we had to do against some, as you know, fairly significant cost inflation, so that was a component of it. When we think about ’24, we have operational improvements that we’re going to continue to drive. When we think about the benefit of pricing, we’ll see, I would say a little bit of a headwind in our paint business. We’ve talked consistently about our relationship with our channel partner as it relates to price, where we keep our operating income dollars whole and match commodities with price, but that affects margin, and it affects it both ways where you go up or go down, so there will be a slight headwind in pricing in our decorative business and probably a slight tailwind in our plumbing business. To your direct question in terms of the rate of margin improvement, I think it really--that really points to--it really answers your question as it relates to pricing. Where we will see margin improvement, despite calling for a flat top line in ’24, is in the efficiency improvements that we’re going to continue to drive with our projects that we have in flight.
Keith Allman: Matt, in terms of the year-to-date demand or the current demand, I’d characterize it a stabilizing. I would say in terms of what was favorable to our expectation in ’23 was a combination of both our execution, the timing and impact of our cost reduction projects or solid pricing, etc., and then also a little bit better demand than we anticipated. There’s certainly some volatility out there, but we’re seeing signs of stabilization. We had a nice quarter in wholesale plumbing as it relates to top line demand. While still challenged, certainly, in Europe, we have seen some stabilization and starting to see some positive signs coming out of China as well, so that’s how I’d characterize the demand in general.
Keith Allman: They could be. I’m thinking more kind of flat to maybe slightly down in 1Q, first half, and then better performance both in sales and margins in the second half.
Keith Allman: Our margin improvement expectations, and frankly the history of it, has been driven by a basket of initiatives that we drive. Certainly there is the incremental margin improvement that comes from incremental volume, so that drops down at, call it 25% to 30%, and that’s certainly above our fleet average of the company, so that’s the significant driver in our margin expansion. But it’s also part of the benefits of our continued investments in innovation, so we have an innovation pipeline and an expectation over those years to be launching margin accretive products and products that both contribute to our market outperformance on the top line, as well as margin improvements. We’re very excited about the momentum we have in terms of the Masco operating system and what that’s been able to produce in terms of leverage in our factories, in term of variable overhead. In addition to the new product launches and our brand building, in addition to the benefit to the top line, that gives us also pricing power, and we’re confident in that and being able to have that be a contributor to margin expansion as well. The big driver would be the drop down in the incremental volumes, but we also have a pipeline and defined initiatives around labor productivity, variable cost productivity, etc. to drive the margin expansion.
Keith Allman: No, I think simply said, you’ve got it. I think that’s right - we have a higher drop down on incremental margins in plumbing, a little bit lower, call it in the 25% range in deco. In deco specifically thinking about paint, we have a different pricing dynamic, which we’ve talked about - I won’t get into the details on that, but no, I think you’ve got it right, Mike.
Keith Allman: Susan, good morning. When you think about the correlation to our top line drivers, existing home sales is certainly an important factor, but not nearly as important as really how the consumer feels and how the consumer confidence is developing, that confidence driven by the amount of equity in their home, for example. If you think about, let’s say, the existing home turnover, pick a number - say it’s, let’s call it 5 million, so if we have 5 million units turn over, that’s on a 130 million unit base, so roughly--what is that, 3%? We know, or we estimate that a newly purchased home in that year will spend approximately 30% more on home improvement, so if you take 3%-ish spending 30% more, you start to see how that minimizes the impact of that.  Said differently, for every million dollars of existing home turnover increase, it only drives a couple tenths of a percent of overall top line volume in the market, so a 25% increase in existing home turnover drives two-tenths of a percent in the overall market roughly. It’s important to us, particularly when you look at something like DIY paint, that tends to be a little bit more sensitive to existing home sales, but more important I think is the correlation to R&R spend as it relates to home price appreciation and consumer confidence, so as rates decrease and the consumer becomes more confident, that’s really a driver of what we think will really be pushing the R&R market.
Keith Allman: To your point, Adam, there would be some carryover, obviously, with it being a little bit--the price give-back a little bit later in ’23. 
Keith Allman: Mike, specifically we’re thinking in plumbing, relatively flat commodities, sort of staying where they are now, and for paint inputs, while they’ve moderated sequentially when you look at resins, we are seeing a little bit of deflation in those input costs, but other costs, including copper-zinc, TIO2, they’re moderated--excuse me, they’ve moderated more and they will moderate a little bit more, but not significant benefit.
Keith Allman: We are seeing, as you might expect, Truman, elevated costs for the containers that normally would be routed through the Red Sea, that now have to go around, and you’re exactly right - it’s primarily for our European business. Those container costs have increased and we’ve contemplated that in our guide, and that’s all part and parcel of how we think next year is going to shake out, but we are seeing an increase in those costs.
Keith Allman: Sure. We’re going to continue to invest in our share gains and continue to outperform the market, as we have up to 2023. To highlight a few of those, we’re particularly focused on the showroom channel in plumbing, and that involves our channel relationships with and our programs to drive growth. Our innovation pipeline is certainly a part of that brand and the pull that we have, as I mentioned before, both from the trade and the consumers is part of that. We’ve invested extensively in involving showroom associates and creating advocacy in the showroom market, so it’s not just about products, it’s also about capturing the hearts and minds of the folks in the showroom that sell our products, as it relates to involving them in literally in the design of our products, and we treat that as an operational type of exercise for us to create advocacy. We measure it and we drive it.  Certainly pro paint - when you look at our pro paint, Truman, on a stacked basis over the last three years, we’ve driven 60% growth - six-zero. I know a year, year and a half ago, there was a lot of questions on the stickiness of that demand, and we’ve proven that we’re not only able to maintain those share gains but also intend to grow those share gains, and that’s through service, through having the right product in the can, obviously, but through our overall competitiveness as it relates to as applied costs and jobs. Look at our net promoter scores that we’re clocking on our new and existing pro paint customers - it’s industry leading, so we feel really good about that, so there’s a couple areas there, plumbing, wholesale, pro paint, but we’re really driving across the board an expectation of market outperformance and margin expansion. 
Keith Allman: Variable cost productivity, making sure that we’re matching our shifts and our operating plan to the volume that we’ve had. It’s very hard to do, but we’ve gotten very good at that, for obvious reasons, in the last couple years with the volatility we’ve seen. Depending on where the overall market goes, there’s fixed cost productivity that we would drive. We continue, as Rick mentioned, to be disciplined in both price as well as our ability to manage costs and to make sure that we are continuing to invest in those key areas that drive growth and nothing more, so cost maintenance, variable cost productivity, direct labor productivity, matching our fixed footprint to actual demand, all those sorts of things are part of our Masco operating system. It’s what we’re measured on and what our teams across the company are compensated on in terms of the ultimate metric of how we perform, is our ability to do that. It’s about all those disciplined together. There’s no one silver bullet. We will hit those margin commitments in 2026, and just like we have hit our double digit earnings for growth commitment through cycles. I believe--you know, that’s something I value and we as a company value very much, is the hard earned credibility that we’ve developed with the investment community and our high say-do ratio.
Keith Allman: Yes, I like our spa business. It’s a strong business with global market share. It’s one of--on a percentage, one of our more global businesses. I like the tailwinds behind it as it relates to the overlay with an aging population and the importance placed on mental and physical health, and we have a tremendous team there. We’re going to continue to drive market share and the business is growing and doing a fine job.  I’m not going to get into specifics of how we parse out within the segment where it’s growing, but I like that business and we’re going to continue to invest in it. We have a great product offering that’s recently launched, that’s performing well for us. We have industry-leading technology that makes those devices very easy to use and monitor and interface with, and as I said, it’s an outstanding team out there, so that business is going to continue to perform very well for us in ’24 and beyond.
Richard Westenberg: Yes Matt, the only thing I would add is from a timing perspective, our margin performance is going to be aligned--in terms of the expansion, aligned with our sales growth, and as we indicated, we expect a bit of softness in the first half of 2024. As growth starts to pick up, we believe in the second half of the year, we’ll get that drop down that Keith referred to, and then as we roll into ’25 and ’26, as growth returns to more normalized levels, that drop down impact in terms of margin expansion, we’ll see that manifest itself more prominently.
Richard Westenberg: Yes, and what I would say is it’s in line with what our guidance is indicating, so there’s nothing inconsistent with that, which is we do expect some stabilization, as Keith mentioned, but a bit softer, so down slightly in the first half of the year - that’s kind of what we’re seeing in the market today, but we are seeing some stabilization globally.
Richard Westenberg: Yes, and Mike, the only thing I would add to that is, as Keith mentioned, a big driver is the drop down on the volume, but as we’re growing, as we’re introducing new products and getting the price for that from innovation, we continue to stay disciplined on price and disciplined on cost, so as we grow, we do see that 25% to 30% drop down. Although pricing and cost initiatives may not be as significant of a contributor, they will contribute both directly as well as indirectly in terms of continuing to leverage that incremental drop down.
Richard Westenberg: Yes Tony, thanks for the question. From a Q4 perspective, we saw--we did see some favorable pricing, kind of low single digits in the plumbing both for the quarter and for the calendar year. For DAP, it was a lot more muted, and as we look into 2024, we’re expecting in the plumbing segment kind of low single digit pricing as a tailwind, but for the decorative architectural products, we’re expecting a bit of a headwind from a pricing perspective, kind of modest price give-back.
Richard Westenberg: No, I think just--you know, we’ll give point estimates and range estimates in terms of our guidance in this, we felt a little more appropriate just given some of the uncertainty. As I think Mike articulated, we’ve got a little bit more of a drop down dynamic in terms of the volume dropping down to margins on plumbing, and so we felt pretty confident with regards to our 20% margin target in 2026. On decorative, we just have a range of 19% to 20%, and as Mike pointed out, it’s more consistent with where we ranged historically. 
Richard Westenberg: Yes Sue, it’s Rick, good morning. Appreciate the question. As you noted, we did as a business unit, really across the business drive working capital efficiencies and improvement. We brought it back down to 16% of sales in 2023, which is more in line with historical levels, and it really was a big contributor to our cash flow in 2023 - it contributed over $200 million in terms of cash flow, in terms of our free cash flow number, which was very beneficial. I think going forward, we plan to really hold working capital in a disciplined manner, make sure we’ve got enough inventory to keep up our service levels, which are important from a customer perspective, but to stay disciplined on that. Our guidance for 2024 is that we’d have working capital as a percent of sales of 16.5, so a modest increase, but we’ll calibrate that based off of the timing of when the market comes back and starts to grow. But we’ll as a business stay disciplined, now that we’ve got the working capital kind of back to where we’d like it to be.
Richard Westenberg: Yes Adam, maybe just to clarify, for the calendar year 2023, we saw a very modest price increase. It actually corresponded with commodities, so we saw material costs down in Q4 in the paint sector, but for the full year, we saw appreciation overall, and so we saw a slight price increase in terms of the 2023 number. As we look into 2024, as I indicated or as we indicated, we do see some price down in 2024, and that’s really a reflection of what we expect to see, which is kind of modest low single digit deflation in the inputs, so kind of keeping that price-cost relationship in check.
Richard Westenberg: That’s a good question. Yes, as I mentioned, first of all as I mentioned in my opening comments, I’m really excited to be part of the Masco team and the strong business and operations and portfolio that we have. I’m really excited about the portfolio brands and products in the business. I’ve had the opportunity to really get out and meet all of the business unit leaders, and I’ve been out to many of the business units - I was actually in Germany at Hansgrohe last week, really impressed with the team and really impressed with the mindset in terms of the Masco operating system and the mindset of continuous improvement, operational efficiency and cost reductions. I think we need to continue to exercise ourselves in that regard.  I think with regards to opportunities, it’s really leveraging the mindset that we have here at Masco and across the business units, as well as leveraging our scale as we continue to grow the business and drive that productivity and that efficiency, really across all of our business but particularly on the plumbing side as we look at our global business.
Richard Westenberg: Sure Mike, I’m happy to do that. As it pertains to 2024, we’re expecting for input costs not to be a material impact, not to be significant in 2024. Obviously we’ll see how the year plays out. In plumbing specifically, we expect to see some modest decline in input costs, but offset with some freight and some other inflation. Obviously, as I think we all know given the dynamics in the Red Sea, freight cost is a little bit volatile and there’s a bit of a headwind in the first half - that’s baked into our outlook as a contributor to our expectations in the first half of the year. That’s a little bit of the dynamic on plumbing.  In terms of decorative architectural products, I think we mentioned a couple times, we expect relatively modest input cost decrease in 2024.
Richard Westenberg: Mike, those are the two, really. Working capital, I think Sue had asked in terms of that dynamic, we do expect a little bit of build in working capital in 2024. We’ll watch that, obviously, but we’ve got it down to a pretty balanced level right now, so as the market returns, we expect some building working capital. Capital expenditures, as you noted, will be down year-over-year from ’23 to ’24, but it’s still higher than our depreciation and amortization, so our capex guidance for 2024 is $200 million, our D&A is $160 million, so that capex versus D&A is another contributor to the 90% guide.
Richard Westenberg: Truman, to your other question, although we’re seeing elevated costs, so far our service levels have been able to be retained, and so we’re not having disruption per se but we’re watching, obviously, the dynamics closely.
