Keith Allman: Thank you, John. The fundamentals of our business and our core repair and remodel market are healthy. Consumers remain confident and wages are growing. This increase is our consumer's willingness to invest in their home. Home prices continue to appreciate. This is highly correlated with repair and remodel spending. The age of the housing stock is increasing with 15 million owned homes greater than 30 years old. This drives increased remodel spending and household formations have steadily increased throughout 2018 driven by the millennial demographic. This trend is projected to fuel housing demand for the next decade. We believe these fundamentals are supportive of good long-term growth. We are also positive on our current markets. While we had a slow start to the year, we are encouraged by our recent trends and the acceleration of demand we saw coming out of the quarter and continuing into April. Given the strong fundamentals, improving market conditions, and our ability to execute our plans for 2019, we reaffirm our expectation to achieve 2019 adjusted earnings per share in the range of $2.60 to $2.80. With our strong balance sheet and expected full year 2019 cash flow conversion of over 100% we intend to deploy approximately $600 million towards share repurchases for the full-year of 2019 consistent with our balanced capital allocation strategy. With our focus on executing our strategy, doubled with our strong balance sheet and liquidity, we will continue to create shareholder value. Lastly, please save the date for our planned Investor Day on September 17 in New York City, where we will update you on our progress towards our previous goals and our long-term strategy. With that, we'll open the call for Q&A.
Keith Allman: When you look at our plumbing segment and you compare, where we have particular concentration and new construction, rough plumbing tends to be a little bit more skewed towards new construction than repair and remodelling and that really is the primary driver some of the softness that we’ve seen.
Keith Allman: We did expect a slower Q1 due to the pull ahead that we mentioned in a couple segments, but I would say that the quarter was a little softer than we expected. We didn’t expect the inventory rebalancing and I would say that the weather was probably a little worse than expected, but we did see things pick up in the back part of the quarter and into early April here. And it looks like the 25% tariff is coming off the table, so that could help us with volume a bit. So all in, we feel good about our ability to execute and achieve our plans and that’s why we’re reaffirming our range of $260 million to $280 million.
Keith Allman: Yes, you may recall that we assumed that it was 25% for the year as we started out the year, so that is correct Stephen, that we’re assuming that it is 10% and that 10% stays throughout the year.
Keith Allman: And Stephen, excuse me, I should also just point out, when we assume that we were going to recover in price, we also assumed because of those pricing actions that we may have some reduced volume as a result of those pricing actions.
Keith Allman: We’re off plan a little bit on the revenue side with Kichler. We took a fresh look at our long term revenue forecast and we have seen some softness in the lighting market overall going back to say the last quarter, quarter and a half of 2018 and that softness has continued into the early part here in 2019. As I mentioned, probably some weather related due to landscaping, but also I, we, believe that the industry is digesting the impact of tariff pricing and we need to get through that. This industry is more of an impact from tariff as a proportion than most of our other segments for sure. We’re also applying more discipline to our pricing as it relates to retail and wholesale programs. This is consistent with how we run our other businesses we think that has an impact on the overall revenue in this business. In terms, Stephen, specifically, of growth in 2019 we’ll be challenged to achieve growth in 2019 at Kichler due to the slow start to the year and as I mentioned our discipline around pricing in both retail and wholesale programmes, and with that impact on tariff that will be factor as well. We are confident that as we get through this rough start to 2019 that lighting will grow in a similar trajectory to repair and remodel over the long term and we're working on some exciting new programs to get after that. But in terms specific at 2019 growth is going to be challenging at Kichler.
Keith Allman: Yes, in terms of use of proceeds if we go in that direction, we really do not see a change in the capital allocation strategy that we’ve articulated and consistently executed against. That being consistent with regards to funding our business we would use, we’ve talked about the $600 million of share buyback in 2019, we certainly are continuing to look at acquisitions. We have a solid and strong pipeline that we are continuing to evaluate, but as I've said consistently we will be patient as it relates to acquisitions to ensure that we’re deploying capital to our businesses that have the right strategic fit and can give us the right return. So, no real change to our capital allocation strategy.
Keith Allman: Mike, first to reset, just keep in mind as you know that Q1 is our smallest and most volatile quarter often impacted by weather and sometimes the timing of purchasing from the prior year end et cetera. So we were encouraged by the turn in the trends that we saw in March. Volumes picked up noticeably for many of our products including Plumbing and Paint. We’re seeing a strong backlog and reports from the field for example in our spa business which we think is a great barometer for consumer spending, so that’s going very well. So along with the macro fundamentals and what we’re actually seeing, in terms of orders and backlogs, we’re also hearing anecdotal evidence from our customers and channel partners that the consumer is healthy, that there’s spots of very good traffic in fact, and we’re positive for the remainder of the year and feel that we’re well set up for the 260 to 280 guidance that we've given. In terms of specific month by month breakdowns, I’ll steer away from that, but just tell you that we’ve seen at the end of the quarter nice pick up.
Keith Allman: So, you know, but when you look at the mix of Kichler’s business, Decorative Interior Fixtures is an important large chunk of it. But landscape lighting is also a big portion of the business and important to us and one that we do very well. When you go out and do channel checks and talk to the market, Kichler Landscape Lighting specifically is very strong with regards to the product and the service and durability et cetera. So it’s an important part of the business and we do well with it and when you have some tough weather that can affect it. In terms of what we’re doing and how we’re driving this business, it’s pretty consistent, how we’ve driven our other businesses with regards to the Masco operating system where we focus on quality of earnings and getting businesses better and aligned from a process and execution perspective before we focus on getting them bigger. So that gets better before we get bigger is a common mantra that we drive and that involves applying 80-20 disciplines to our product assortment and to our customers et cetera. So I think that coupled with as John mentioned, we’re exceeding our expectations as it relates to some of the cost out and productivity and synergies that we’re driving. So this is more of a topline issue than a cash flow or bottom line or return issue. So we would expect as we drive both cost improvements on the procurement and on the logistics and some of those basics as well as sharpening our pencil on programs that we’d expect ultimately that we’d continue to drive marginal improvement in the business.
Keith Allman: I would tell you Mike, that our sell through to the consumer if you will, the POS is stronger than our sell into our customers.
Keith Allman: Susan, some of our commodities have moderated year-over-year, but are up sequentially if you will. So we kind of take it - walk through a couple of the commodities a bit once, copper and zinc and Plumbing, that started to moderate I would say in the back half of 2018 and are down call it 10% to 20% year-over-year in Q1, but zinc in particular has bounced back, so probably a modest net benefit for the full year on those commodities. In terms of TIO2 and resin, they’re both still up year-over-year. TiO2 seems to have stabilized. However, we're still seeing pressure on resins and obviously oil prices are very volatile, so we're continuing to keep an eye on that, so not really a benefit for the year. In cabinets, plywood distribution and logistics they remain elevated, but I would say they’ve moderated a bit. So while some inputs have moderated, others remain elevated and increasing on a year-over-year basis. So we're really not anticipating much of a net benefit or tailwind from deflation in 2019.
Keith Allman: Yes, I think the large driver for sure over the mixed shift was the inventory rebalancing at one of our wholesale customers. So when that happens and we have an influx, if you will, of wholesale orders, excuse me, when the wholesale orders reduce, then that as a mix makes the retail orders a greater percentage and wholesale tends to be a better mix for us. So that’s a real driver for us, so we see that improving as we go forward.
Keith Allman: I think, I’d say it’s a little bit of a combination, but you’ve got the numbers down, you’re right on how we're thinking about it.
Keith Allman: Well, I think, you know we’re expecting the DIY market to be flattish, maybe even just slightly down in 2019 and that’s the majority of our sales. There is a little bit of, as we talked about softer market conditions that we’re experiencing, that will have an impact on the full-year. The inventory rebalancing certainly is a piece of that. We continue to be bullish on our DIY - excuse me, on our pro business. We're continuing to invest in that. And we talked about the accelerated investments that we have in this quarter and the fact that we're not going to really anniversary our incremental investments in '18 until the third quarter. So we continue to think that that growth will be…
Keith Allman: I think you have to pull out the pull forward when you do that. I think we're hanging right in there to holding our share to maybe gain a little bit.
Keith Allman: Also we had incremental investment for the pro, so that's a factor. So, I think if you look at, I won't specifically quantify, but I think the volume was the main driver simply - certainly a full quarter of Kichler and the fact that this is a lower quarter for Kichler, and then incremental investments, D&A was up a little bit with the full-year acquisition, amortization. But, I think those first three are the main drivers.
Keith Allman: I think it's, you know, I don't want to talk about our competitors, but I think it's pretty similar. Our pro-volume tends to be skewed a little bit more towards exterior and so that would be affected by the weather.
Keith Allman: Our strength or our important to our customers is really driven by what we bring with brand service and innovation primarily across that core part of our business in Paint and Plumbing. So we don't anticipate any significant change in our customer relationships across our Paint, Plumbing, hardware businesses, should we choose to go a divestiture out with these businesses. I think there our relationship as I said is driven by the things we do well, and it's something that we earn. It's not, we don't anticipate any degradation of that based on a potential sale.
Keith Allman: I think probably the most relevant update is how we're thinking about it in terms of the probability of the 25%. So we, as I mentioned, we came into the year with our base plan, assuming that the 25% was going to go into effect and our assessment now is that it won't. We believe that the 10% will stick, but it's variable. In terms of update of what we've been able to accomplish it is a combination, in some cases of moving product out of China, excuse me, into a different supply chain, in other cases, it's working with our Chinese suppliers and value engineering and cost reduction and some cost sharing. And what we haven't been able to recover we've been effective in going out and getting price. So I think, the update is, we don't believe that 25%. We don't, think that 25% is going to happen and we do think that 10% is going to stick. We believe that it is extremely variable and we need to be fleet of foot with regards to supply chain cost out and pricing and with the other part of the update would be that, we've been pretty successful from my assessment in doing those strengths, those three things up to this point.
Keith Allman: Yes, I think when we think about these strategic alternatives, I think it is good to reset the key drivers of why we're doing this. And I've been in the seat here as CEO for five years and when we came in with the new team, we really, we committed to doing three things, one was driving the full potential of our business through the installation of a common operating system. Two was to drive leverage across our businesses, of course in supply chain and procurement, but more importantly, from my perspective and processes and people. And then thirdly, to improve our portfolio to make it more R&R focused, less cyclical, higher margin, more dependable, because we felt that was good for the shareholders and would add value. And we began in earnest right away when I came on board to do that with the spin-off of our services business and that has been very successful for the shareholders. If you look at their market cap now and our total, it's that was good for the shareholders. We also said with regards to the portfolio that we felt the best avenue for creating shareholder value was to fix our cabinet windows businesses and we've done that. So, this is a natural progression of what we've set out as our strategy to continually improve our portfolio to drive shareholder value as it relates to reduced cyclicality and more repeatability and higher margin. So, while it's, I know your question was directly related at use of proceeds. I think more fundamentally this strategic and alternative assessment is really focused on creating shareholder value and continuing with the track record that we have of doing that. Now with regards to the attractiveness in our pipeline, we really haven't seen too much of a significant change in valuation and expectations on the surface and that doesn't slow us down. We continued to cultivate, we continue to work for opportunities and we have a very robust pipeline and some exciting opportunities. But we're going to be patient and we're going to ensure that the targets we're looking at are strategically right for us and that we believe fully that we can earn the return that we expect to earn when we make an investment. It doesn't feel to me that valuations have as of yet really loosened up. It's the sellers, it's a bit of a slow start in the quarter and they are not particularly interested in selling off of a bad quarter. They want to sell off the momentum. So, it's a volatile period, if you put yourself in the seat of a seller and we really haven't seen that much change in terms of expected valuations.
Keith Allman: Very good. These are attractive businesses that have leading brands in their categories, good strong cash flow. We've done a good job with putting in good teams of leaders in these businesses and we've improved them tremendously, but there's still improvements to go. So these are good businesses, real solid market share, brands, innovation pipelines, et cetera. So we are seeing very healthy interest.
Keith Allman: Yes. Our retail business was okay kind of January and February where we were a little soft, but again, similar to the trends we saw in the overall market, we saw some pickup as we went into March and the first part of April. So, it's not inconsistent with what we saw across our broader portfolio of businesses.
Keith Allman: The underlying thesis, when we looked at it and we ultimately ended up acquiring it was that it was a large market with fragmented competition that it demonstrated growth at or slightly above the base R&R market and it demonstrated an ability to get price commensurate with commodities. So what we saw in this business was an opportunity to apply some of our operating system techniques to take cost out, that if we could go in and apply and work with them as it relates to demand generation through influencer advocacy and that we could learn from them on how to more quickly identify consumer trends. There's also an opportunity that we saw and we are taking advantage of is it relates to supply chain and new product development processes to shorten that cycle. So, as we get in here and look that those fundamental underlying premises and as we know the business better have not changed. What's changed and what we didn't anticipate was tariffs and this business is for the most part procured in China and so there is issues associated with the pricing and elasticity that we're working to better understand, but fundamentally, what we've learned about their presence in the market, their presence in the channels and how they're appreciated with the distribution is unchanged. And we're going to continue to drive and we still feel good about.
Keith Allman: No, we don’t. We think that this business is going to grow at or slightly above the overall repair and remodel market and we're driving towards continued margin improvement. We're over performing our plan and we're doing better than I expected as it relates to some of the cost outs that we're driving. So as John mentioned with the accounting calculations for trade name it's hypersensitive to revenue. But there wasn't a goodwill write-down that we took here or write-downs associated with the cash flow, so that's more of the issue.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Stephen, well I would supplement Keith's comments which is, on the operational side I think we made some good improvement there and there are some further opportunities for us to go after by implementing our Masco operating system. So, from a bottom line perspective we seeing a good opportunity there too, to continue to improve that business.
John Sznewajs: Yes and Stephen or William or Matthew, I’m sorry, maybe to give you a little bit more clarity, we would probably focus a little bit more on share repurchase activity if we were to go to the sale route acknowledging the fact that our balance sheet is in good shape now. So if an acquisition were to come along we could use our balance sheet to help fund any acquisition that were to come along. So we wouldn’t be afraid to deploy a little bit of those you know, fair amount of those proceeds if that’s where it goes, to share repurchase activity.
John Sznewajs: Yes, in terms of the segment growth I would say that it comes down to the two factors that you mentioned, one, the Kichler revenue was a little bit softer here in the first part of the year, and then also we had a little bit softer first part of the year in our other businesses in that segment, and so that’s why we’re kind of guiding down to the lower end of that range here is for 2019.
John Sznewajs: So, Mike, in terms of the destocking, we won't go into details of quantifying on those measures on either segment. In terms of, are we seeing changes, going prospectively as you might imagine, going into the spring selling season things are starting to pick up. Keith alluded to the fact that we saw things get better in the tail end of the quarter. And so, we may see a little bit of that coming back here as we start off Q2, and we’re still working our way through all that.
John Sznewajs: Yes, and I would also point out Mike, I think an element of our destocking particularly in Plumbing is due to our exceptional service levels with our customers and I think that they are able to perhaps hold a little a bit less inventory, so this might be a little bit of a one-time item in terms of that because of the strength of our service capability.
John Sznewajs: Yes, the pro, side, yes it should be kind of high single digits is kind of the way we're viewing it here in 2019 Mike, and yes and kind of low single digits for the DIY side of the business.
John Sznewajs: And the inventory balancing that was affecting the paint business as well in the first quarter is Truman, if you can take a look at those two factors, we don't think we're looking, we're losing any share.
John Sznewajs: I'd say it had to do more with the volumes, lower volumes on the paint side of the business, and as well as, this is our first quarter of Kichler, the full quarter of Kichler and it's a seasonally weaker quarter for them, so that was a pretty significant impact on lower margins here in Q1 as well.
John Sznewajs: Sure, Ken. I mean as we said on our fourth quarter call, we thought the first quarter is going be a little bit softer, partially due to the sales pull forward that we called out on the earnings call and partially due to that - we knew the first quarter of Kichler is a seasonally weaker quarter. So, we kind of had expected that going into the beginning of the year. Keith mentioned a couple of things that were unanticipated. That said, as we see the progression for the next three quarters, I'd say, it's going to be just a steady progression from here. I think the second quarter we had you will recall, we had some good strength in a couple of our businesses, partially due to the fact that we launched the Menards program really in earnest in Q2 of last year. So, we saw some good growth in that business. So, I think it would be a steady ramp from here with arguably the second half being better than the first half of the year is the way we're seeing things play out here. If you can take a look at the comps that we have against 2018, I think they are just probably a good indicator of how you should see the balance of the year play out. So, that's kind of the way we're thinking about it now Ken.
John Sznewajs: Sure. As you might expect, the U.K. window business apparently is relatively small and no surprise that there is and there's pockets of weakness and softness over in the U.K. in advance of Brexit. But we are seeing there is that new home construction over there, which we play a little bit in was up very low single digits. But the remodeling market was down fairly significantly, call it mid single digits in Q1, and so that really impacted our business, there pretty significantly. No surprise, but as Keith mentioned, the progress we're making on evaluating this business is continuing and we look forward to talking to everyone and making everyone aware once our decision is complete.
John Sznewajs: And Scott, maybe just one other piece of information because we get this question quite a bit, much more tactical than Keith's answer is the tax basis of these businesses. And just for everyone's benefit, the tax base of this group, the three businesses collectively is about $300 million. So, I think that helps frame things for people as they think about, if we go to the sale route, the expected net proceeds from those businesses.
John Sznewajs: Yes, so I think it doesn't necessarily relate to the Menards business because that's not an R&R. It has to do with the fact that you may recall over the course of really 2015 to 2017, we pulled back on our - a lot of our new construction business, because it was less than profitable. So as we saw some growth here in the first quarter, it's really off of a relatively easy comp compared to the first quarter of 2018.
John Sznewajs: Yes. I'd say, It might be just slightly better, Adam. I wouldn't say it's materially better than what we were thinking about at the beginning of the year.
John Sznewajs: Yes Justin, I want to make certain, we've got greater clarity for everyone on is the sensitivity of that trade name calculation to two small movements in topline and I'll get into some granularity here, but because it is - the trade name is based off of the projected revenue of the business, so when you value assets well during purchase price allocations, you don’t have a lot of room to move particularly on the trade name before you may be in an impaired situation, and so slight movements in topline projections can put you in such a position. So I don't want you to walk away from the conversation that we are particularly troubled by what's taken place Kichler, it's just the very sensitive nature of the calculation that's caused this impairment.
John Sznewajs: Yes, so we don’t – at this point it is difficult to tell whether we lost share, we don’t think we've lost any share, but we're still, when you are up against a bunch of private competitors always topped in terms of share positions on the short term basis. And so, but at this stage we don’t think we've lost any meaningful share any place. So we – that does not impact anything. In terms of the tariffs coming off of it, does that change our thinking longer term, yes, it could. We've got to see that come through, but in terms of what we've done, we had to go with kind of the facts and circumstances as we know them today.
