Keith J. Allman: Sam, as we mentioned, there was a deferral of marketing spend of about $4 million. So, that's certainly benefited us in this quarter and then we will have that expense in the following quarter. We are focused on growing this business. We're making a pivot here, and we're investing behind that growth. So, we will be seeing further investments as we drive growth. And you can expect to model this business going forward in that 30% to 35% level of contribution margin dropdown in incrementals.
Keith J. Allman: Yeah, we're pretty confident that the material costs have bottomed, and we are experiencing significant cost pressure from our major suppliers on TiO2 and resins as well. I think when you look at where we're driving growth in particular with this business and the Pro channel as we have talked before, we are doing a nice job there of driving that growth. And it is lower margin for us while a great return. So, we're going to continue to invest behind that. So, there is some margin pressure that we're seeing both in terms of the commodities as well as our mix as we drive that growth.
Keith J. Allman: Sure. We're positive on the underlying fundamentals driving the business. When you look at our expectation at R&R growth rate of about 5%, there may be some upside to that, but I think it's a little too early to call. I'd like to see a little more time before we move off of that expectation in terms of the R&R growth. We are seeing good new construction growth. Our estimate is 10% compared to 2015, and we're seeing that. And we're seeing a shift in that market mix in new construction to be more single family laden versus commercial, and that helps us. We have higher content per unit in that and better mix in that. So the fundamentals are strong. R&R is 80% of our businesses. Home prices are appreciating as we talked about. Demographics are improving. Affordability is still very favorable. And our capacity is in shape as we talked about in the past. We're ready for this uplift. So, we feel good. We're positive about the outlook. We're positive about 2017. And we're committed to – and we're on track for the 2017 EPS target of $1.80 per share. We're not moving off of that.
Keith J. Allman: I would add to that, Stephen, that while we are seeing some upward pressure on the raws, our mix is holding quite well, and that's also a driver of some of that favorable gross margin. When you look at our Windows business, which is obviously a big ticket, our wellness business and spas, I think that's a good indicator of the stability of our mix. So, there's a couple things going in opposite direction there. We think we're going to hold our mix. We don't anticipate that slipping, but we are experiencing pressure in raw materials.
Keith J. Allman: As we've talked about for some time now, our focus and the team's focus in Cabinets is to improve our profitability and the quality of the earnings and get that business in shape to compete. We've worked hard on our processes underlying how we work, we've worked hard on our product assortment, and we certainly have made significant improvements in our leadership team there. And as is often the case, I think, in situations like this, to get in shape that sometimes means you need to get better before you get bigger. And we've done, I think, a pretty good job of doing that. So the change in focus on growth is really more of a next step and an evolution of our thinking based on how we've gotten ourselves fit and ready for the ring and ready to get in there and compete for growth. And that's how I'd characterize it, more as a next step as we've earned the right to grow.
Keith J. Allman: Yes, that's an important point you brought up, Bob, in terms of the comps that we're facing. Q2 of last year was a record quarter for us, up 6% last year. So that's a tough comp for us to lap. In the quarter that just completed, it's hard for us to estimate with extreme accuracy the effect of weather, but clearly that quarter that we just finished was one of the lightest winters we've seen nationally in a long time. So there was probably a couple points of benefit there. As we try to figure out what that is, we look at the exterior sales and they were extremely high when you look at the quarter over quarter comps. So there's a component of that. But we expect to continue to take share, particularly in our core business, as well as we've done consistently in our Pro business. And having said that, we do face a tough comp coming up.
Keith J. Allman: I think, Bob, more in line with what John said in terms of the pressure that we're seeing combated somewhat by the MARQUEE mix benefit that we have that we are seeing more gradual pressure than we are any kind of cliff or falloff of the margin.
Keith J. Allman: I'd characterize, as we have consistently, our capital allocation strategy, Bob, is balanced. We have good generation of cash flow. And we expect M&A to play a part of our value creation as we go forward. We're focused and continue to be focused on bolt-on acquisitions with our pipeline targeted towards plumbing and paint, although we would look at others if it helped drive organic strategies. In terms of how we toggle back between buybacks and acquisitions, we have the flexibility if we saw a good deal and if that deal was bigger, we could certainly do it. But I'd tell you that we're being conservative in how we evaluate them. They need to be on strategy for our portfolio and they need to be strong returns. And we certainly evaluate those returns against what we think we can get with our own buyback. So I'd say that we haven't changed our focus to acquisition. We're working hard in developing the pipelines and contacting potential acquisitions and we're working the process. But we remain committed to balance, flexibility and our focus is on bolt-ons.
Keith J. Allman: I'll talk about some of the trends, and then, John, you can touch on some of the impacts on margin. Susan, it's broad-based. We're seeing consistent move-up in some of our lower-price per unit products. If you look at faucets, we're seeing a move up in the showroom to more expensive, more featured products, both in terms of finish as well as functionality, be it our touch technology or magnetized docking or our in2ition showers, all those higher margin, higher contented products. At that price point, we're seeing a move up as we talked about with BEHR MARQUEE. So in the lower price point range, we're seeing a mix up. In the bigger ticket items, we're also seeing it. Our KraftMaid Vantage program is doing very well and it's helping the consumer move up in terms of wood species, the finish level, content in terms of drawer guides, et cetera. So I would characterize it clearly as broad based across the continuum. From a channel perspective, we're also seeing it. We have favorable mix in retail. Clearly in our Plumbing wholesales, we're seeing the favorable mix. We've talked about our dealer network in wellness, and we've got a couple new spas that are out. And people are willing to pay for that value. So I would characterize the mix move-up across really all of our segments and across all of our channels and price points.
Keith J. Allman: In terms of paint investment, George, we completed our rollout of the color centers in 2015, so that's done. And we like what we're seeing from that. The in-store customer consumer experience is getting very favorable feedback on that. But that investment is done. In terms of the promotional environment, we're seeing a bit of a tick up in the promotional levels as our competitors support recent launches. We certainly had good success in our promotions that we did last year in July 4th and in Labor Day. And I think that you can think about our investment in advertising going forward this year to be similar to what we had last year.
Keith J. Allman: I think working this business over the next couple years to mid-teens is realistic, and we're driving in that direction. And importantly as I mentioned earlier, I really like the team there. And they're doing a great job, and the nature of the improvements that we're seeing are broad based. It's SG&A. Certainly it's manufacturing, conversion costs. We're working a lot on our wood yields and our finishing yields. We've invested into better quality system and our quality costs are coming down. And we're doing it – Joe and the team there are doing it with a process orientation. So, as I look at how we're doing it as far as what's been done, I'm confident that it's sustainable. And now as we start to work harder on our growth initiatives and we're seeing the results of that – KraftMaid is the number one brand in repair and remodeling, and Merillat is the number one brand in new construction. As we get ourselves back and get that momentum back, I think it's sustainable. So I do believe that those margin targets that we talked about in a couple of years are doable.
Keith J. Allman: A couple of key ones are product assortment initiatives. So going after and understanding the trends that are out there and launching new products to address those trends, both in terms of form and function, look and aesthetics, as well as price points. So, going after the broad spectrum in terms of taste as well as price. And then with that, as you salt (48:27) these launches into the channel, you have some launch expenses; certainly there's a component of advertising that's in there, but primarily it's more on the launch side. Outside of assortment, looking at the channel, as we grow, we have significant headroom, we believe, in share of wallet of our existing dealer base. And to help to drive that and to motivate that, there's some expense that you incur in terms of incentives. And we also believe that there's spots, as we look at our national coverage, where we can either get more dealers or get higher quality dealers. And to start up new dealers that takes some money. So primarily, the investments are around product assortment enhancements and channel enhancements.
Keith J. Allman: Yeah, we have – there's no – I think, Josh, you're talking about weather here. I think we're out of it here in April – pretty clean.
Keith J. Allman: Clearly when we went through the crash, there was a reduction in content per unit, cabinets per house, bathrooms per house, houses got smaller, et cetera. And there was a mix down. I think we've come back from that, and I would say that we're at about normal levels.
Keith J. Allman: It's tough to put a very finite metric on that, but, yeah, it feels like we're back to the normal levels.
Keith J. Allman: I would say we're in the early stages of it because we see a lot of headroom. In terms of what are we doing to continue to grow that, in a nutshell we're leveraging one of the best partners in the space in The Home Depot, and one of the best supply chains in the space, which is BEHR's supply chain, and one of the best products. So we're continuing to do that on all fronts. We're putting in more resources in terms of focused Pros in the stores; we're putting in focused hub stores and high-speed tinting capabilities in our distribution centers so that we can deliver large quantities to the job site when required; we're working on the experience of the Pro in the store together with Home Depot. So we're continuing to move a ton of levers to drive this demand and it's working.
Keith J. Allman: Dealers is our focus, Keith. That being said, we have the leading share position in both retailers, and we're not resting on that. We're continuing to try to add more value so we're the best choice for more consumers through that channel and the best choice for those customers. So we're working on it. But as you know, the dealer segment is fragmented. It tends to be higher mix, and it tends to be a better channel for us. We think we have and we know how to grow in that channel. Now that we've got our assortment and our performance and the quality of the earnings back, so our focus is on the dealer, Keith, but of course we're not sleeping on big box.
Keith J. Allman: A big part of our upper end assortment with KraftMaid Vantage has been addressed and we've had that in the market for a good year now. And – or a little better. That helped us in a number of ways. Number one, it gave the ability to differentiate our dealers, the ability to differentiate from other channels because of the offering was directed towards them and was an exclusive offering to them where you can get, while not infinite, practically infinite heights and widths and depths. So it's a good point of sale for the dealers. And then we also bundled with that a pricing scheme that made it easier to sell and upgrade. So that's really what's been driving the benefit for us is that combination of exclusivity and ability to more easily get a consumer to step up in terms of price to go for that higher content. So I think that being said, we're not going to stop being on trend on some of the higher end finishes and continue to work in that area. So I think we're okay with KraftMaid and the upper end. We are working on the lower end, and we're working to continue to improve our Merillat assortment. The Merillat dealers are back and growing with us now, which I'm really happy about. The performance issues that we had are behind us, and then the long memories are starting to get behind us as well. So I don't know so much that it's targeted on the upper end as it is more broadly across the whole spectrum.
Keith J. Allman: Well, I'll meet your expectation, Phil, and not give you much. This deal hasn't gone through yet. It's very early in the transaction. So we're pleased with our paint brand. We think we're a tough competitor, and not a lot of comment on that. But I will tell you that as we have said before, our M&A pipeline is focused on bolt-ons where we can add value to organic strategy and bring synergies. And that specifically is focused, while we look at other segments, we're focused on paint and Plumbing. So should there be something available here, we could very possibly be interested.
John G. Sznewajs: Hey, Mike, it's John. Just maybe a couple supplemental comments to Keith. If you look at the various components of how we built that walk from 2015 to 2017, I think we're probably coming a little bit softer in the top-line than we initially forecasted, but I think what's coming through a little bit stronger than we had initially anticipated are some of the cost-outs. And obviously you're seeing that reflected in the performance of the Cabinet business. There's couple other areas of small opportunity, obviously the debt refinancing that we put in probably adds a couple pennies to that $1.80 that we outlined last year as we refinanced sooner and at a lower rate than we had assumed in the forecast we provided last year. So maybe a little bit of upside to that $1.80. Not a ton at this time however. I think we're reaffirming that $1.80 right now, and we're pleased with how we're getting here.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, no other timing issues, Mike. I would tell you that the $4 million, while not a huge number, will probably be spread across a couple of quarters. There's just some products that will be coming to market and those are really launch costs related to those new products. And so depending on when those come to market, we'll incur those. The Delta $5 million, yes, I think will largely be deferred into the second quarter of the year. But beyond those two, nothing else of a timing issue.
John G. Sznewajs: Well, I think, Stephen, as you take a look at several things that impact our gross margin, I think the one that probably most dramatically impacted the favorable gross margin in the first quarter of this year was the commodity environment that we find ourselves in. As you probably realized, most of the commodities bottomed in January of this year as the year got off to a pretty choppy start with the overall stock market and economic environment. And since that time, we've seen a pretty consistent rise in both base metals, some of the hardwood, and as Keith reference add couple minutes ago, we're seeing it also in TiO2 that goes into our paint business. So, I think, with raw materials slowly inflating, they're not dramatically inflating but starting to inflate, I think, that will add some pressure on our gross margin going forward. That said, to your point, the first quarter is seasonally typically our slowest quarter of the year, and as we enjoy the seasonal volumes that come with the second and third quarters, I think, there's potential to have stronger gross margins as the year continues to unfold.
John G. Sznewajs: That includes, Dennis, the actions we took last year. So, as we laid out on the fourth quarter call, we thought we'd have about $20 million of incremental lost business. So think about it as an incremental $40 million to that $20 million, so a total of $60 million.
John G. Sznewajs: Dennis, I think this is really the final pruning of the sales portfolio within this business. We are doing a similar exercise at our UK Cabinet business as well, so there might be a little bit of headwind with that later in the year. That said, I just want to remind you that our dealer sales were up high-single digits in the quarter and our retail business was up low-single digits in the quarter. So we did have pretty good growth in both aspects of our non-direct-to-builder business in the first quarter of the year.
John G. Sznewajs: Obviously, Dennis, the first quarter is a little bit of an unusual one just given the ramp-up towards the end of the quarter to go into the spring selling season. And so we did see very good sell-through as well as sell-in into the quarter. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, very strong exterior paint and exterior stain sales in the quarter driven by the favorable weather that we saw in the first quarter. And we also saw, as Keith mentioned, some – we launched some new products in the quarter; very good sell-through in that product category as well. So as we go into sort of the second quarter, inventory levels are right where we want them to be, very consistent with where we saw them at this point last year as we go into the spring selling season.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, and Bob, I would remind you, though, I don't think there's a ton of pull-forward into the first quarter of the year. If you recall, the fourth quarter was a relatively flat quarter for us last year and that had to do with some timing issues due to the preceding year 2014. So I think overall, the fourth quarter from an organic basis was a pretty solid quarter.
John G. Sznewajs: I think from here operating margins, because of what Keith cited, as a result of some of the pressures we're facing on the commodity input side, that I think you'll see that our margins come under some pressure over the course of the next several quarters as we deal with those cost pressures. That said, hopefully as we get into the spring selling season, our MARQUEE volume has been very strong, which is a nice favorable mix for us. And if we see a better paint selling season than we saw in 2015, that kind of volume could help us negate some of those. But generally speaking, I would think about margin pressure in the near term and the longer term in this segment.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. So, Susan, to further supplement Keith's comments, as you think about this trend, it's been going on for a number of quarters now, and as you've seen the margin progression that we've experienced from the end of 2014 through 2015 to now into the first quarter of 2016, I think a lot of what you have seen is really two-fold: one is the commodity benefit that we've been enjoying; at the same time, the mix benefit. And it's reflecting itself clearly in our Cabinet business. That's probably the one where it's most evident as you've seen the progression we've made in the Cabinet business over the course of the last four quarters as we launched Vantage about this time last year. So you can see the impact that business has had on the Cabinet business, and you can also see it in our Plumbing segment. We've had pretty consistent margins from 2014 to 2015, and now in the first part of 2016, we're seeing continued margin expansion, and I think that's really attributable primarily to the mix shift and some of the volumes that we're enjoying as a result of that favorable mix.
John G. Sznewajs: Milgard's got a fantastic position in the Western U.S., Susan, as I think you're very well aware. And as we grow that business in the Western U.S., I think we're taking share from a number of competitors. Clearly, it's a highly fragmented business, and we're taking share from some of the smaller competitors, but at the same time, just given our growth, I feel like we're probably taking share from some of our more mainline competitors as well. The Milgard team has done a great job of refocusing the business away from the production builders and really more toward remodelers and the custom builders, and so we've really enjoyed very nice growth with both of those customer segments in the last year to year and a half.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, George, you're right. We're really proud of how the entire team has responded to our SG&A initiatives. And we have done a nice job of controlling costs as we've grown the business. What I'm most proud of particularly in the first quarter is the fact that we did a nice job of holding SG&A as a percent of sales or having it decline despite the fact that we're investing in some of the programs that impact SG&A. For instance, I think we are now up to about 150 Pro sales reps in the BEHR organization to call on the Pro-oriented contractors. So incremental costs, yet the fact that we were able to bring the SG&A as a percent down really I think it gives a sense of how the organization is responding to our desire to hold costs constant as best we can. As we grow the business, will we have to invest some in SG&A? Yes, I think we will. But I really think the mantra that both myself and particularly Keith are trying to get across to the organization is that, this is the way that we can really help create shareholder value is if we can grow the business and holding our costs down, good things happen to the bottom line and to profits. And so the entire team has responded particularly well to that. In terms of your question on FX, we didn't have much, if any at all, FX benefit on the SG&A line this first quarter. So we feel really good about how that performed here in Q1.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah, Josh, it's John. Beyond paint, it's really tough to get an assessment of how much weather benefited us in the first quarter in our other segments. As you would expect, most of our Plumbing business is focused on the remodeling channel and repair, and so when your faucet breaks, you repair it on a timely basis as opposed to weather. We may have had a little bit of benefit on the new construction side as I think the builders were able to button up a few more homes in Q1 than they normally would, but beyond that it's really tough to get a true assessment just given the nature of the products that we have.
John G. Sznewajs: It depends on the product category, but generally speaking, if you're thinking about the long-term trend, we are able to get price over the long-term. Probably the place where it's most critical in the near term is in our Window business. As I think you may be aware, there was some glass plants that went down in the Western U.S., and so glass was on allocation in the Western U.S. And so we have been passing through price here in the first quarter with our Milgard business in the Western U.S. In the other product categories, it's kind of on a case-by-case basis. So we did get pricing in Europe in Q1 as well and our Plumbing business.
John G. Sznewajs: Remember, Mike, our ultimate goal with Home Depot, whether it's on the DIY side or the Pro side, it's grow paint gallons. And that's their objective, that's our objective and we're aligning very closely with them to meet that goal.
John G. Sznewajs: I would add to Keith's comments and say, hey, look, we think we've got a very good recipe for success within our paint organization. While we pay attention to the industry broadly, we're very focused on executing on our strategy of growing our paint business with our channel partner The Home Depot. And so while we're not blind to competition, we're focusing harder on our DIY products but we're also focusing very hard on our paint initiative because we think we've got great opportunities to continue to grow our paint franchise for the years to come.
