Keith Allman: Hey Matt, this is Keith, I'll take this and John, you can add-in if you have other comments. I think there are a few things that, that really contributed to that 45% growth that we saw in the quarter in PRO. First and foremost, we had – we had really outstanding supply chain execution. I can't say enough about our supply chain teams, our research and development teams that we're able to move formulations and our suppliers. We've been working with the supply base and have been pretty consistent in our supply register for like 20 years. So those relationships really paid off and our hard work on supply chain and R&D, so really good availability of product and supply chain execution in general. We continue to invest in our brands. We've talked about that, and we've talked about that last quarter and we continue to invest in our brands and having that leading brand, having the leading quality, having a leading service levels all contributes to this, especially in tough and dicey times, like we've just gone through. And we continue to execute in terms of new product introductions and our innovation pipeline such as BEHR DYNASTY, a new line of aerosol paint, interior stains, Cox and other adjacencies. So our ability to not only have that supply chain execution, but continue with the basics of the business of investing in the brands and executing new product introductions all paid off. And I think all those – all those things are helping to drive demand. And we saw that in our performance, in the 45% growth that we saw in PRO and we think that enabled us to get new customers. And now it's up to us to develop the loyalty, which we've demonstrated an ability to do so. It was a very challenging quarter for us in across paint, both PRO and DIY, but I'm very happy with the execution.
Keith Allman: Yeah. I – just to add a little bit to John's comments, I think not strictly in the Asian supply chain, but overall, when you look at inflation, we're experiencing or we experienced low double digit inflation in the third quarter, and we're expecting in that mid-teens region in the fourth quarter. And as John mentioned a good work on our commercial teams and we will exit the year in price cost neutral.
Keith Allman: Sure. As I think we've all read and seen broadly across the industry, there's been a broad-based inflation and we're experiencing that, that same thing. We're seeing it in metals, zinc and copper, as you mentioned. And that's across both, both our category – both our segments particularly in the hardware and objective piece of architectural as well as obviously in brass and plumbing. We’ve seen in polymers, and again that's across both our segments. Resins and paint, plastics in our plumbing valve train, for example, with our cross-linked polyethylene and our cartridges for the valves, we're saying it there, and then again same sort of story across both segments and logistics. Container costs continued to escalate even things like pallets and of course over the road trucking costs associated with some labor constraints that are broadly there in the trucking industry. So its broad based inflation and we expect to continue to see that in the fourth quarter. And as we mentioned we have done some good work and we'll continue to do work in the fourth quarter as it relates to achieving price cost neutrality by the end of the year.
Keith Allman: Yes. We're really seeing, again, a strong broad based growth in plumbing. So if you look at geographically as we spoke in the prepared remarks, international is strong. We were very, very good growth in China, in the UK and in Germany, which are core markets for Hansgrohe and then good growth here in North America. With regards to channel and slicing it up by channel very strong performance in e-commerce; we've invested our best and brightest talent there. We've invested in our capital in terms of acquisitions to build and we've been working for a number of years in terms of our internal capabilities from logistics to pick and pack quantities of one to handling returns, marketing and generating a more efficient search, a better purchase journey for the consumers, et cetera. So a lot of work has gone into that, but we saw a real strong growth particularly in plumbing and e-commerce and also in the trade channel. And then strong, as we mentioned strong – strong PRO growth in pain. So a really good performance across multiple channels and multiple geographies, and I think Susan, that, that speaks to the work we've done in terms of the portfolio of driving affordable smaller ticket items that are involved in quicker remodels if you will, and smaller jobs as well as obviously being part of that bigger ticket job what executed. So that diversity across geographies, channels, price points, et cetera, has really delivered for us a nice robust portfolio, and I think that's a big part of it.
Keith Allman: Well, at the risk of maybe being redundant to what – what I've already talked about, I can't overstate what our supply chain teams have been able to do. And it's a product of a great partnership with Home Depot and the simplification and the focus that we have. We work hard to understand the Home Depot consumer, and we work hard to understand the Home Depot supply chain. And fundamentally everything that we do is geared towards and focused on that customer and those consumers. And because of that, I think that makes us fleet of foot, it makes us – it helps us be able to do the sorts of things that we need to do and react quickly when times get tough. It's mind boggling when you think about the types formulations that we had to go through in our R&D department in terms of changes and revalidation's to be able to move from one supplier to next to be it on colorant or resins, and really that's across our entire business, but specifically in pain. I think when you look at our formulations and how – what goes into our formulations and what was particularly tight in terms of capacity, I think that gave us a little bit of advantage and it has not been easy. We have changes the challenges and we continue to have challenges, but fundamentally, I do think it has to do with the extreme focus and dedication we have on a specific customer and the consumers and the ability to manage that versus say having a more complex lineup where we have different types of coatings and different types of customers and those sorts of things. So it's an attribute to simplification 80/20, a focus on our teams, and absolutely the highest quality workforce particularly in supply chain and R&D.
Keith Allman: Yes. We're excited about DYNASTY. I'll tell you, it's going very well. It's our best paint ever. Best scuff resistant, most one color high colors, fast drying, lead certified green guard. It's just extremely good paint. It's our highest price point yet, but when you match it with those attributes it's a good value. I mean my father bought some of it. Let me tell you he's as excited as they get, while that's only one point, it's indicative of what kind of value this can bring. And it's an example of how our deep and extended relationship with the Depot can really help. We consistently bring that innovative new products and market leading attributes. And we do that, I like to think of our teams fighting above their weight class. We are focused and to your earlier question on supply chain, it kind of shows itself here with DYNASTY, very happy with DYNASTY and the launch.
Keith Allman: Yes. I'd add our international markets were also recovering nicely. And we'll have more detail on 2022 in our fourth quarter call.
Keith Allman: Garik mix really wasn't that big of an issue in the quarter. There may have been a little bit of slightly favorable mix in plumbing as we've seen a little bit greater strength in Europe, which can tend to be I mean we get more projects, which means our AXOR brand does a little bit better. And maybe some of our spa business is trended to a little bit more of a favorable mix. But beyond that it wasn't all that impactful in the quarter.
Keith Allman: Yes, I think we've really moved to talking about our quarter and how we've exited the quarter, and we're not going to get into slice and a dice in that, up on a monthly basis. And the reason because there is ebbs and flows, different parts of our businesses launch products, have fill and different things happen. So, it's more productive and a better indicator for how we're doing for our business if we stick to the core.
Keith Allman: In terms of surprises, it's playing out as we expected. As I said in our opening comments, I will say that while I have a high expectation of our supply chain team, I was pleasantly surprised and happy to see how well we really performed. We talked about it in paint. The same could be said in Plumbing and that had a real impact on our business and how we fared competitively. So, that was well, maybe not a surprise, it certainly was nice to see, and I'm proud of the teams.
Keith Allman: So, couple of parts to your question. Firstly, yes, we did see some in terms of gallonage, when you look at DIY Q3 2021 versus Q3 2019. So, we did see some slight positive gallonage there in terms of overall volume. And obviously with the price, we saw some very nice revenue volume when you do that comparison stack over 2019. In terms of was our supply chain performance versus competition, a factor in getting a look for some pros? I would say yes. And it's incumbent on us to make that as sticky as we can. And we'll see, I'll tell you I feel good about it. This new Dynasty brand is being applied and installed by some professionals, we're obviously seeing our PRO line of paint that continues to be installed by professionals and it's working well and the brand has pull with consumers. And so, you think about the PRO and the resi repaint, as well as some of the commercial and more multifamily looks that we're getting, I think, we fare well. But it's incumbent on us to start to develop that kind of loyalty in those pros like we have in other pros. So, I think it was certainly a factor and we'll work as hard as we can to make it sticky.
Keith Allman: Yes, well, I'm not going to get into slicing and dicing it by individual commodities, or products, or segments, and that sort of thing as it relates to price cost, but in terms of labor, that continues to be a challenge, as we talked about. And that's one of the things that we're working very hard to do as it relates to programs, whether white collar or blue collar. As it relates to safety in our factories and programs for different work engagements if you will, or different work methodologies as it relates to work from home or hybrid or come into the office, sort of thing to appeal to as much of the labor as we can. And that includes in some cases some wage increases and wage inflation. So, yes, labor is an issue, and I think that's globally across industry. But we're also seeing that.
Keith Allman: Part of our ability to perform as well as we did with respect to supply chain. And this was in Plumbing was simplifying our assortment for a limited period of time. It was for a couple months, I believe, in that range to allow our suppliers to do less changeovers have longer and ultimately do a better job of supplying our customers. So, there was a little bit of that, but it was short-lived, it helped out as I said, our supply base with longer run. But that was basically simplification and 80-20 thinking as part of the Masco Operating System. And we applied that in this case during this tough issue around supply chain, but that's over for the most part, those skews are back in line and that's, again, part of what gives me confidence that we're starting to get some relief on some of these issues as it relates to supply chain, particularly from our great supplier partners.
Keith Allman: No. No reversing of any kind of things. I was just indicating that we did take some of our lower volume complexity offline for a couple months to give our suppliers a breather to lengthen their runs. That's all.
Keith Allman: Not really, no. The mix change as John talked about was relatively small and more associated with different regions growing that tend to be higher mix like Europe growing quite well. And that tended to be higher mix and our spas, continue to grow, which is a higher price point. But we're not seeing any mix shift as it relates to pricing changes.
Keith Allman: We're not going to get into the competitive nature in terms of our salesforce execution and what we're going after. But fundamentally it's about understanding the value that we bring and then targeting the customers that would appreciate that value the most. So, we're not going after all of our every pro that's out there, we definitely are segmenting. And that's part again, of our 80-20 simplification where we believe we have the best chance that's where we'll put our sales efforts. So, we are targeting our sales and we are looking at different attributes for those specific customers. I won't go and say specific long-term contracts or anything of that sort. I won't get into specifics, but along those lines of targeting our offer to what the customer values the most is exactly what our culture is about.
John Sznewajs: Yes. May the only thing that I would add to Keith's comments is that, I think it's also a reflection of investment that we've made over many years in this program that feed on the street both calling on outsiders on paying contractors, as well as the investment on people inside Home Depot Stores, and also Home Depot's investment in this program. So it's been, the joint partnership that we developed to go after the PRO, and I think really helped drive the success that we experienced here in that third quarter.
John Sznewajs: Sure. Sure, Matthew. I am Matt Bouley, like everyone else that's reported so far, this earning season. We've faced supply chain challenges coming across the Pacific. You may have seen elevated costs to get the containers across to the United States. And we’ve seen it’s also resulting delays in getting products through the port systems here in United States, whether it's on the west coast or any of the other ports that we bring product in. So the good news is, even though we've experienced some of that, we have also as a result pass through some of the price increases down because of the raw material inflation that because of some of the logistics inflation that we've experienced. And so that that is – we feel good about our ability to get that price and then that's a portion of which allows us to feel good about being price cost neutral as we exited here in 2021.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Susan, maybe to put a finer point on Keith's comments. I think but for the fourth quarter and probably be the peak of inflation for the year, I suspect we'll feel mid-teens inflation in total across the company. They'll probably be low teens in the plumbing segment and probably high teens in our paint business. So pretty significant inflation, but as Keith mentioned the team has done a terrific job of working to offset those costs here as we exit 2021.
John Sznewajs: Susan, maybe I'll give you a little bit more color on one specific channel. I mean, let me talk a little bit about the e-commerce channel and the acquisition of Kraus, and how that's aided our e-commerce growth. So Kraus – the Kraus we bought in the beginning, really the tail end of last year, and the integration is going well and they continue to perform above our expectations. And we've made some good investments along with Kraus's complimentary products and online presence. And they helped to actually strengthen some of Delta's market-leading offerings to drive future growth. One of the things we specifically have done is with the help of Kraus, we've launched Delta branded sinks online, utilizing their offering and this is really a good contributor to our growth here in the back half of 2021. So e-commerce Delta was strong in e-commerce before we required Kraus in the Kraus acquisition. We really complimented Delta's strength in the online channel to accelerate its growth.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Mike its John. So I think the impact on the quarter was relatively light. There was a small load in of about $20 million in the quarter. It's obviously helped the top line growth number, but it wasn't a huge driver of the overall growth.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Phil its John. You're right, the comp as we go into the first part of 2022 will be tough, obviously when we post 31% growth in the Q1 and 53% growth in Q2 in plumbing I should say, 25% overall, 24% Q1, 24% in Q2, those are tough comps to go up against. That said, as I mentioned on my prepared remarks, we've got continued good backlogs in a number of our businesses that we have visibility into. We mentioned the fact that Watkins our wellness business continues to have a very strong backlog of probably several hundred million dollars. Our plumbing businesses, both Hansgrohe and Delta to the extent that we look at their backlogs, they are bigger than they would historically be at this time of the year, given the seasonality of things generally slowing down. So we do think that the first part of – growth going into the first part of 2022 will be good, but obviously we're up against some pretty tough comps. Beyond that, Keith, I don't know, pain is, got a little bit less visibility into the – the backlog of pain other than on the probe business we see some of the commercial projects coming through.
John Sznewajs: Phil, but I would say that, if you think about the macro trends where we stand right now, the macro trends really set up for a good 2022. The two big ones that we watch, because it really does impact our low ticket repair model portfolio of products that we have. Our existing home turnover and home price appreciation and as you know; those two have been very good. And why are those two on the fact that consumer's balance sheet is very good. All statistics say that $2 trillion of more savings as a result of the pandemic that the consumers are sitting on now. And the fact that the home is – for a vast majority of consumers, it's their largest investment. We think this environment bodes well for continued investment in homes. We're hearing about backlogs of big ticket projects with contractors. So we think that the supply chain tightness that the consumers have experienced have contributed to that backlog of big ticket projects. And so going into 2022, we think the environment set for good growth.
John Sznewajs: It's very difficult to predict the supply chain in this environment. I think some things will have a little bit more lasting impact. I think logistic will probably remain tight. Well into 2022, our – if you will, the blood pressure metric that we look at is our fill rates coming from our supply base and our timeliness and accuracy of delivery dates versus promise. And those are starting to improve. Now, we have a long way to go. We're not back to where we need to be, but I would say in terms of our supply and incoming, we are starting to see some improvement and a little bit of stabilization as we look at those two key metrics. Umaria, I think we can go to the next question.
John Sznewajs: Yes. We would and yes, and we expect PRO to remain strong as we go through the ounce of the year. Whether it's going to be the same 45 plus percent growth we realized in Q3 is yet to be determined, but based on what we're hearing from PRO contractors based on the projects that, that we're hearing in terms of contract or backlogs, we do think the PRO demand will continue to be quite good.
John Sznewajs: It'll probably drag into next year, Adam. If you think about our SG&A spend, we've talked since the beginning of the year about $40 million of spend that we pulled out of the system last year during the height of the pandemic. And we'll slowly later that, that back in over the course of the self recorders. Keith mentioned earlier, we're investing in our brands, we're investing in innovation, we're investing in headcount, and it's all reflecting in itself in some of the top line growth that you've witnessed today – that we reported today. So some of that investment, we'll be mindful of it. We are not going to just let it all flow back in. So sufficed to say that our businesses have their fingers on the dials and are actively managing that cost as it comes back in.
John Sznewajs: We've talked about this and we haven't changed our outlook. And that is that we have nice dropdown and incremental volume we'll exit the year at price cost neutrality. There still is questions about where commodities will move if at all in 2022, and can I remember that if they do, we will handle that as we have in the past with productivity and further price if needed. So, we throw all that all together, as we've talked in the past, we're looking at margin expansion, not in the hundreds of basis points, more in the tens of basis points, but our commitment and how we drive our leadership teams and how we structure our variable compensation for those teams is growth above market and margin expansion. That's fundamentally part of our culture and how we drive our businesses. And that's what we will achieve in 2022. 
John Sznewajs: Keith as we look at it, we did see good volume growth in Plumbing both domestically and internationally. And don't get acquisitions contributed the growth as well. But if you factor out the acquisitions, I'd say, if you had to weigh the two of volume mix versus price, I'd say in plumbing you much more heavily weighted on volume than you would on price in the quarter.
John Sznewajs: So internationally, yes, the three that we mentioned that grew double digits were Germany, China, and the UK. And as you might expect Germany and China had a relatively easy comps compared to given the third quarter of last year. China was actually growing nicely in the third quarter of last year and continued to. So that was a bit of a positive surprise for us, just the strength of the Chinese market over there. But other than that, if you factor out those three large markets, but if you look broadly across the 140 markets that Hansgrohe sells into, nearly all experience some form of growth. I mean, there were a couple very small marks that we sell into that didn't grow. But boy, I'd say 135 of the 140 countries we sell into, grew in the third quarter.
John Sznewajs: Yes, David, there will be some carryover pricing into 2022. We'll get into more color on that on our fourth quarter call in February.
John Sznewajs: Well, we had a very solid performance in plumbing, plumbing trade in particular, e-commerce continues to be – we believe we're a leader in e-commerce and we continue to – we believe gain share. I'll tell you that at it's very difficult to accurately pin down overall market volume in a particular quarter. So that we'll see as we in the year and we go through our models that we use to estimate total market size, but I believe we're gaining share in trade plumbing and e-commerce certainly would think we're gaining share in our spa business, and our wellness business and Watkins that continues to perform quite well. And when I look at our growth in Europe versus what our competition is doing, I believe we're gaining share at Hansgrohe as well. But again, it's difficult. I like to speak with absolute numbers and run it through our market model. And it's very difficult to see the actual market size quarter-to-quarter, but we're doing well in Watkins, doing well in Europe with Hansgrohe, certainly in plumbing and the propane you talked about.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Ken. So, in terms of our paint inflation that we felt in the quarter, we were up mid-teens inflation in paint. So, and that was the inflation that we felt and that obviously had an impact on the margin that we developed. In terms of I'm not familiar with the PPI index, but I think, that addressed as your question.
John Sznewajs: So, if you think about – yes, so obviously with volumes being down that had a pretty negative impact on the margins, as well as some of the investment that we put back into the business during the quarter, I think, those are the two probably bigger impacts with pricing being a small offset to those.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Truman it's John. I think a good way to think about our M&A strategy is take a look at the four recent acquisitions we've done in the last year. So, we did four, of the four, each of them are very aligned with the strategy of one of our business units. So, in the case of Kraus, Delta is looking to grow their e-commerce strategy and Kraus is a great compliment to Delta's already strong presence in the e-commerce channel. And it's going enhance that. Similarly, we bought Steamist, one of the leading steam shower businesses. That focuses on Delta's strength with their trade business, with the steam shower businesses is of demand and if it's hand in glove there. Obviously, the applicator business that we bought earlier in the year, compliments Behr’s paint offering, and then the high-style drain business we bought in Europe compliments Hansgrohe's high style showers and process. And so, as you think about where we're focusing our efforts, it's on these smaller bolt-on, tuck-in type businesses that have an alignment with the strategy of one of our business units. And yes, that's really focusing on both paint and plumbing. So, our team that we've got in place is doing a great job of the cultivation of new, smaller businesses. And I would anticipate there will be future acquisitions obviously we can't foreshadow the timing of those. But the team is working hard. Part of the reason that we're focusing on these Truman also is to your point the valuations as you move up in terms of the size are quite high and so we see better value in the lower middle market. And so that's where we're focusing our efforts at this time. And then I think we'll continue to focus our efforts in that lower middle market over the coming months and quarters.
