Keith J. Allman: Thank you, John. I'm pleased with our team's continued strong execution. Our results reflect the strength of our powerful brands, and our rigorous focus on operational excellence. Due to our continued success in these areas, we are raising our long-term margin expectations for our Plumbing segment to the high teens and for our Cabinet segment to the low- to mid-teens. The fundamentals driving our business continue to accelerate. Home prices continue to appreciate, which is a driver for larger ticket items such as cabinets and windows. Housing turnover continues to increase, which is a leading indicator of repair and remodel spend. And as you recall, repair and remodel is 83% of our business. And homes remain affordable, with improving access to credit, as well as lower mortgage rates, stimulating housing and home improvement activity. Consumers continue to gain confidence to reinvest in their homes, and we are well-positioned to benefit from those positive trends. The strategies that we laid out last year are working. Going forward, we remain committed to investing behind our brands for growth; developing innovative, award-winning products to ensure we maintain our must-have position with our customers; focusing on operational excellence through our continued deployment of the Masco Operating System; and finally, balancing our capital allocation between investing for growth, acquisitions with the right strategic fit and returns, and returning cash to shareholders through share buybacks and dividends. We remain very confident in achieving our 2017 earnings per share target of $1.80 that we set at our Investor Day last year. Our operational execution, coupled with our strength in balance sheet and strong liquidity position, provides us with multiple levers to continue to drive shareholder value. With that, I'd like to open up the call for questions. So I'll throw it back to you, Jonathan.
Keith J. Allman: Dennis, I would say that it's consistent with the macroeconomic outlook that we had in 2017, so I would frame it in that manner. And in terms of the timing of it, we're looking at that as a multiyear, more longer-term outlook on what we expect from a run-rate out of these businesses.
Keith J. Allman: Dennis, I'd say that it's not uncommon for a business to hit some speed bumps along the way, especially when you're looking at the growth that Milgard has experienced. We've had mid-single to low-double digit growth for each of the past 14 quarters, so we've had a lot of growth there. Individually or separately, these items really aren't a big issue, but collectively, they've got our attention. We have teams addressing these issues aggressively. And we're confident that we're going to get back and maintain and get to our margin expectations of that 10% to 13%.
Keith J. Allman: Well, as you might expect, Bob, it is a mix between a strong market, which we expect to continue going forward, and our execution. I look it at it – we as a team look at it from a number of ways, the nature of our cost out, how are we driving the productivity improvements that we're seeing and are they sustainable, are they systemic, are they based on the approaches that we're driving in the Masco operating system? And, quite frankly, we look at the people and we look at the teams, and we evaluate how those teams are successfully implementing our operating systems and the nature of the improvements that they're driving. So when we look at sustained performance improvement, we look at how it's come to us and we looked at the people that are driving it and the confidence that we have in those teams. Those things, all together, have said, you know, we're comfortable in taking our margins up to the high teens in Plumbing, which is very, very solid business, and taking them up in Cabinets as we've described.
Keith J. Allman: Bob, in terms of your specific question on the Pro, our Pro business continues to do very well. We grew in that low double-digit range again in the quarter. Our investments and strategies that we are driving together with The Home Depot are paying off very well, and we're encouraged with the trajectory. As John mentioned, we're adding 100 new hub stores, and that's on top of an install base of hub stores of 106. So this very productive for us. We like what we're seeing in the Pro and we're going to continue it.
Keith J. Allman: Eric, in terms of the remodeling side, we continue to see good demand. I think home price appreciation is a good driver for that. And there has been some deferral in investing in big-ticket items that folks have put into their homes for a number of years and that's coming off the sideline. As we talk to the various dealer and constituents around our business, we're hearing about good foot traffic and continued good spend. In the Cabinet and Window business, which both of those have a very strong component of R&R in them, we are seeing improved mix as well. Now, a part of that is driven by productive changes we've made to our assortment and how we're managing the business, but it's also a general uptick in mix in terms of the market. I think a great indicator is our Watkins spa business. As John said, we set another sales record there this quarter. And when you consider the discretionary nature of this product and its high price point, it really reflects on the consumer's appetite to reinvest in their home. So we're seeing the consumers utilize credit more with larger ticket purchases, such as spas. So I think the consumer is feeling confident. That's a direct reflection on demand in R&R, and then of course home price appreciation and new housing turnover, all which are continuing to grow, which continue to feed that. With regards to your second question, Eric, around the incremental payback on the Pro initiative, it's an outstanding payback for us. It's very profitable. While it doesn't have necessarily the margin of our core DIY business, it has outstanding returns for us. And I think, importantly, the fact that we are so intertwined strategically with Home Depot that this is a very positive revenue source for us for quite a while. We're very confident in the Pro and paint.
Keith J. Allman: Yes, I think that's a good way to think about it. We've got good traffic that we're seeing in our dealer customers. We have good mix. We're excited about the product launches that we have coming in, in Q3 and Q4. Now it's going to take some while for that to get traction as the designers start to get comfortable with it, but it's good stuff, and we like the prospects for the business, and nice steady growth rate, and continued execution, importantly.
Keith J. Allman: In terms of the labor, let me take that one, John. The nature of the issue that we're having here is really about supporting the high growth with additional labor, and labor turnover. So this is probably our toughest business when it comes to being in the northwest and getting our labor and keeping our labor. With this growth, we drive hard with respect to getting as much as we can out of our existing shifts. And when you put in new second shifts, there's always a learning curve for that, bringing in some new supervision. So I think we'll probably see some labor inefficiencies bleed into next quarter a little bit, but we're on this and we're going to get it taken care of quickly.
Keith J. Allman: Sure. I'll point you to our use of credit and our – just a direct little statistic here, in terms of third-party consumer financing program that we have in our Watkins spa business. Year-to-date, that volume is up 60%. Our in-store approval rates are up nearly 80%, and applications are up 30%. So that's one example there, and certainly, HELOCs is another one where people are starting to pull that value out of their home. But very much close to home is that credit financing that we see in Watkins, which is for a big-ticket item. So we think that's a great sign for consumer confidence, and it shows a willingness to invest in that bigger-ticket item for the home.
Keith J. Allman: Tim, we laid out a balanced approach to capital allocation last year at the Investor Day. It's working for us, and we plan to continue to do that. As we talked about, we've repurchased 28 million shares against our 50 million share authorization. We paid down debt of $40 million – $400 million, excuse me, lots of zero. Increased our dividend twice. So we like the balance that this has given us, with specific regard to acquisition. We're focused on bolt-on acquisitions. As we've said, we're not changing our strategy, and specifically on paint and plumbing. We would look, and are looking in other areas, but our focus is on paint and plumbing. Our pipeline is growing in terms of absolute size, and we're seeing accelerated movement of targets through our pipeline as we develop them, develop relationships, and start to understand better how we could add value. We're being prudent, I would say careful, in making sure that our acquisition targets, and a deal, should we do it, would bring good value. We're very disciplined in looking for the appropriate return on our investment, and the ability for us to bring synergies to it. So no real change to our capital allocation or our M&A strategy, anything that's significantly different from what we've talked about for the better part of a year-and-a-half or so. I would tell you that I like our balanced approach because it gives us flexibility, but our strategy is unchanged in this area.
Keith J. Allman: In terms of where the improvements of margin are coming, a channel-by-channel basis, the lion's share of our margin improvements is operationally based, and it's very hard to detangle that. It's reflected in both channels of distribution. So the biggest change in margin from a cost-out perspective is really shared between the channels. When you look at where we're having the most margin productivity in terms of price, if you will, I'd point to the dealer side, where we're getting mix, and that's been very helpful. We've come out now some time ago with the KraftMaid vantage program, which really gives some differentiation to the dealers, and we're seeing that be very productive and that continues to raise in terms of the percentage of mix of our overall sell. And so I'd look at our margin as a combination. Of course, there's factory and shop floor improvements that are shared by both segments. And then particularly in dealer, the mix-up is helping us. And I'll tell you, we're excited about the new products. We've got – John talked about and I summarized about the investments that we have in the back half around new products for both KraftMaid as well as our Quality brands. So from my perspective, that pipeline for continuing our improvement in this segment is important and we're hitting it.
Keith J. Allman: I haven't really seen the price point of the replacement for the work that we're walking away from and how that's being replaced. I suspect it's at a relatively consistent level of pricing and et cetera. In terms of who's getting that business, it's really not the big nationals. What we're seeing more often than that – substantially more often than that is the regional players.
Keith J. Allman: It's really broad based. In our core business and through both wholesale distribution and repair and remodeling, we're seeing nice unit volume, and that Delta brand is very well known for those customers that are in that price point. And we're very pleased with the performance of our showroom brands, which would be that higher end. We mentioned our Brizo brand, which is the high-end brand underneath Delta Faucet company. That's double-digit growth and running very well. You look at our Axor brand, which is a high-end brand within the Hansgrohe organization that had double-digit growth. And then within the Hansgrohe continuum of product, the higher end is continuing to drive. So I'm happy with our channel focus and the work that our sales folks are doing in the showroom. That's very productive for us. But the bread and butter of the core is doing as well in terms of unit volume.
Keith J. Allman: Yeah, so I think there's a couple things there, Nishu, to talk to you about. Brass, which is the main component of our Plumbing products, is made of copper and zinc. And zinc actually has risen pretty nicely over the course of the last couple of quarters. It's been up off its bottoms consistently. If you take a look at copper, copper really fell pretty dramatically in the November timeframe last year and really stayed low through kind of mid-January, and then it started to tick up from there. And as we've said in the past, it takes about two quarters for those impacts to flow through and hit our P&L, which is about the second quarter when that would – when we feel a lot of that impact. So feel good about that. Looking around to our other product categories, though, not seeing a ton of inflation in our wood products at all. We've seen a little bit of inflation, but not much, TiO2, we've already spoken about. Petroleum has been up and down a little bit. The one area that we did see a little bit of inflation, and we called this out in our first quarter call was glass out in the western United States where a glass factory had gone down and so we had implemented price to offset that price increase that we incurred. That said, we're working hard on our continuous improvement through our Masco operating system to try to offset any of this inflation that we are incurring to continue to drive our margins even higher.
Keith J. Allman: Let's talk about inventory first, Susan. We really look at inventory as an indicator of how well our supply chain is doing, we look at working capital as an indicator of how well our supply chain is doing. So when we look at these improvements, I think it's really a reflection of the work that the teams have been doing in the factories and in our supply chain organizations to drive down and drive out waste in the shop floor through things like setup reduction and focused on one-piece flow and all of those fundamentals that we have as part of our operating system. In terms of inventory from a supply chain perspective, we look at and are constantly developing and improving our methodologies for identifying minimum order quantities and working with our suppliers so that we can get shorter supply chains. So it's a combination of a lot of work that we're doing. Quite frankly, Susan, I didn't expect us to be able to continue to improve to this degree. If you look at where we are, it's pretty darn good. I don't know if we're best in breed in our peer group, but I know we're very close. And the better you get, the harder it is to get better. We're not going to stop. But I wouldn't look for any material real improvements here. But don't tell my guys that.
Keith J. Allman: Well, this is a $6 billion market when you look at it and we look at where we are, I'm happy with our growth rate certainly, but I think there's a substantial runway for us to continue in working with The Home Depot to do better and better here. The additional hub stores, obviously we're making that investment because it works. But we still have a lot of value to generate here, no question, given the size of the market, and given our relative newness. We're continuing to learn. We have an outstanding team in paint, and we have an outstanding partner in Home Depot. And as I've talked about on several occasions, to me, it's the interwoven strategy that we have with these guys and our cooperation and our relationship that's really driving a good chunk of this value. And that's continuing to increase. So I'm very positive on the outlook in Pro. And we're going to continue to deploy our operating system against this initiative. Our people are developing. We're learning more. We're servicing the Pro better. We're getting faster. There's a lot of room for upside here.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah, Dennis. I would say that our incremental margin outlook for the businesses hasn't changed significantly. I think we're still in that kind of 30% for Plumbing and that 30% to 35% for Cabinetry.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah, I'll take a little bit of it, and I think Keith's going to want to talk just a bit about the operational aspect of it. So I think they're three very distinct items, Dennis. So, the ERP is separate and discrete from the other things. So that was about $6 million in the quarter. We brought up our Portland facility on the system, and so we incurred a little bit more than we expected to incur by 1 million or so dollars, just given the way that went. But it's going well. We're shipping product out of Portland, and so we're pleased with that. The second item relates to our warranty accrual adjustment, and what we do there is, on a very regular basis, we look at all of our accruals across the company. And as we looked at some of our experience and some of our assumptions going forward, we thought it was appropriate to change the reserve, and so that's reflected in what – the adjustments that we took this quarter. Then I'll turn it over to Keith to talk about the operational aspect of things.
John G. Sznewajs: Thanks, Bob. In terms of our performance in paint, I think there's a couple things to think about. As we talk about that glide path closer to the high teens, 18% range, we're very pleased with the performance of the segment this quarter and the progress that we've made. But, as we've talked about historically, we'll be investing in this business over the long-term to help grow gallons. I think there's a couple, three things that may influence the margin pressure downward. First is commodities. We have been experiencing some mild commodity cost inflation from our major suppliers of titanium dioxide, and as I think everyone's aware, they've announced further price increases for later this year. The second is investments. As we've talked about historically, we are trying to grow this business and grow gallons in conjunction with our channel partner, The Home Depot. And so we're investing heavily to grow our Pro business. In fact, we are investing here in the back half of 2015 (sic) [2016] (29:10) part of the $30 million investment that I outlined in my prepared remarks really goes to growing hub stores. We have 100 new hub stores where we'll be employing people to help grow our paint business in The Home Depot. And finally, mix; I think we've mentioned very clearly over the course of the last couple quarters, our Pro business does not have or come at the same margin profile as our core DIY business. So I think those are the three elements that, over time, will drive the margins closer to that high teens range from where we're at and from where we stand today in the 22% range.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, and, Eric, can you just give a little bit more color. I think part of your question was how did our Cabinet business grow if you factor out the business that we walked away from. And if you just take a look at our core business that's excluding that builder walk away business that we did, our core business was up kind of 5%, 6% in the quarter.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, that's right, Eric. I think your assessment is right. We feel like we're picking up a little bit of share. Particularly in retail, we know we're picking up share for certain there. The first quarter, if you strip everything out, I think we had very similar growth rates in the first quarter of the year. And that business is a business that we did not walk away from.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Mike, first of all, the $30 million of expense will not be entirely in Q3. That's going to be split between Q3 and Q4, though the majority of which I would estimate will hit in the third quarter. And so as you think about the margin degradation from where we stand today to future quarters, I think the scenario that you outlined, yes, I think we'll see consistent or steady margin degradation. I'm not expecting necessarily a clip (35:47) back to 18%, but I think over time we'll drive that way. So I think high teens, low 20%s could be an opportunity for the third quarter. But as you referenced, we don't give out quarterly guidance.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Mike, so we had about $10 million to $15 million of lost business this quarter from the exit of the direct-to-builder in the retail countertop business. I'm going to tell you that that our retail business grew in low-double digits and our dealer business grew at about single digits. So you put all that together, if you factor out, again, the business that we walked away from, our core business grew about 5%, 6%.
John G. Sznewajs: We have an ongoing roll out of ERP, Mike, at Milgard, and so I would anticipate $4 million to $5 million of ERP expense each of the next several quarters and that will probably go into the first part of 2015 – 2017, I should say, as we continue to roll it out across all of Milgard's manufacturing locations. So that will continue.
John G. Sznewajs: No, the $10 million really is, for next quarter, the second half of the year, really. It really is some product launches that we're doing. Now I would tell you, the other thing that probably impacts the second quarter, Sam, that I forgot to mention probably is, we're (40:48) on marketing spend in the second quarter. So I think you'll see that grow as we go into the third and fourth quarter, and then there's $10 million of expense related to these product launches, if the collateral material displays and the like gets the products into our, either our channel partners or the wholesale showrooms where we're launching these products.
John G. Sznewajs: In terms of that, generally we have a 60-to-90 day lag before raw material price increases flow through and hit our financial statements. So I think you'll start seeing the impact of the second quarter increase really hit our third quarter. And then, to the extent that there are further increases later in the year, you can again calibrate those on those 60-to-90 day timeframe where it flows through. In terms of, how do we offset, obviously we work with our suppliers very closely on that. We're working on cost productivity within our own operations to try to offset some of that. That said, I think we've got a good thing going right now with our Pro business and our MARQUEE business, that seems like it's heading in the right direction. So hopefully, as consumers mix up a little bit, that will help offset some of that pricing pressure.
John G. Sznewajs: So gallon growth is up low-single digits in the second quarter. In terms of the inventory reduction, we think it's largely behind us, though we continue to monitor that. I would tell you, though, that our sell-through with our channel partner was better than our sell-in to the channel partner in the quarter.
John G. Sznewajs: Nishu, what I would add to that is you may recall we had a very strong fourth quarter with our wholesale customers. And therefore, that led to a pretty soft Q1 with those same customers because they had pulled forward some orders out of Q1 into Q4. As we look at the numbers, I would tell you that we think that there was some replenishment going on, particularly in the first part of the second quarter as they continued to fill lower inventories. That helped made the second quarter top line.
John G. Sznewajs: No, I don't think so, Susan. As you cite, as our free cash flow – as our profits continue to grow, I think a couple of good things. As Keith just mentioned, we've got working capital locked down pretty tight so as that continues to grow, that should help our free cash flow. Our capital expense, our CapEx is a relatively light touch. We've been averaging around 2%, just under 2% of sales for the last several years, a little bit more than that this year as we completed a couple of investments that we're making, but after this year, we do expect that to migrate that back down to kind of to that 2% of sales range. So don't feel like there's significant investment to be poured back into the business as we continue to grow, so that should really enhance our free cash flow in the next several years.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah, so this program is something that Liberty launched a couple of years ago, and they won the West Coast and then subsequently won the Midwest region. And now they've won the balance of the United States with these 800-plus stores that we'll be bidding in Q4. In terms of the investment that's going to go – and it should be kind of in the order of magnitude of $5 million, mostly in Q4, Mike, when we set those stores. There will be a bit of a load-in on that. Don't have a good estimate for you. I'll probably give you some greater clarity in Q3 as we get closer to the launch of those – on the Q3 call when we get to the launch of those stores. But I got to tell you that the Liberty team has just done a terrific job of coming up with new programs consistently, new merchandising concepts which this really is, and really enhancing their business with their channel partners. So hats off to Mark and the Liberty team. They've done a great job of building that business.
