Keith Allman: Thank you, John. I am pleased with our team’s execution. We are on plan and we are off to a good start in 2018. Fundamentals driving our business remain strong. Demographics, namely the large millennial group are increasingly favorable and should drive household formations and housing for years to come.  Home prices are appreciating, up over 5% year-over-year, boosting consumers’ confidence to invest in their homes. Consumer confidence is up 8% year-over-year, the highest levels it’s been in 18 years. And US residential housing stock is aging, a key driver of repair and remodel spending with 70% of homes in the United States now over 25 years old. We are executing our strategies to capitalize on these strong fundamentals.  In Plumbing, we are driving strong top-line growth while investing for the future across our diverse plumbing platform, particularly at Delta and Hansgrohe. In Decorative, we are investing behind our powerful Behr brand to continue the growth of our pro paint initiatives along with our partner the Home Depot. And we are excited about the opportunities with Kichler, our new lighting business.  In cabinetry, we are on track with a significant new retail program launch and continue to drive sales growth in our repair and remodel business. And in windows, we are increasing share with our market leading Milgard brand.  Our leading brands on a strong execution generate robust free cash flow and we will continue to deploy that cash flow with a disciplined and balanced approach to acquisitions with a right fit and return, share buybacks and dividends to create value for our shareholders.  With that, I will now open up the call for Q&A. Back to you Regina. 
Keith Allman: As often as the case Matt, when you make these growth investments you earn your way [and] you leverage them in subsequent periods and that’s the case certainly with some of the investments we’ve made to support growth in our Hansgrohe business. But we’ve invested in a new logistics center in Germany which obviously supports the base business but also is key as we endeavor to be a leader in the e-business space which requires that quicker delivery with higher fill rates et cetera. We have made some investments across many of our segments, in pro paint for example, but in plumbing also where we’re investing in [field industry] and people to drive revenue and their productivity comes overtime.  Really what we are looking at is to start to leverage these investments, specifically to your question on plumbing, into the back half of the year. So, while we think about our expectations for growth, that hasn’t changed, when we think about margin, we think it’s going to be similar to the full year versus last year -- full year ‘18 versus last year ‘17. And with the pressures that we’ve seen in price costs and all the growth investments that we are putting into this segment, we think that that’s pretty good performance.
Keith Allman: It’s a good program for us. We’ve worked hard to capture a chunk of our business. It supports our profitable growth objective in this segment. And as John mentioned, its meaty, it will be $80 million program and we expect to hit that run rate by the end of the year. 
Keith Allman: Nishu, this is Keith. I think when you think about the impact of the growth investment that’s continuing into Q2 as depreciation as we talked about. And then continued display spending and some ERP spend Delta. And if you look at -- if you recall last year, Q2, we had real strong margin performance. So, I think it was north of 21%. So, thinking about our Plumbing margins, they will likely be down in the second quarter to the same degree that there were down last year. But definitely expect expansion in the third quarter as we begin to particularly leverage the growth investment. So, for the full year, we expect Plumbing margins to be similar to last year. And as I mentioned given the work and the money we’re spending on growth and the way we handle to price costs. We think that’s good performance. 
Keith Allman: We think, we’re about flat in DIY all-in and overall for the DIY market that low-single-digit. We really haven’t come out low-single-digit growth, we really haven’t changed our opinion and where that will fall out. In terms of pro, we continue strong growth in that segment and we are continuing to invest even more into that. So overall, when we think about the paint market, we think it’s pretty good particularly, when you look at our performance versus that market with the strong BEHR brand, our outstanding partner in Depot and our quality and service levels. 
Keith Allman: Well, I think what we’re doing right is continuing to perform like we demonstrated over the better part of a decade. And that is over the price commodity, over the commodity cycles as we go through them, while, there is leads and lags on both side of that. We’ve been able to come out flush and mitigate those impacts overtime. I think, what we’re doing extremely well in this segment is working with our partner to Home Depot to keep these pressures and balance strategically and to together invest for growth in this segment and that’s really paying off. I think our relationship with Depot has never been stronger as evidenced by our performance overall and both DIY and pro. And I think I’ve point to that as something we’re doing well as well. 
Keith Allman: Well, it’s important to note as John mentioned that the decor segment has been affected by the revenue recognition accounting standards, more than any other of our segments. So, when you recast our margins for decor, they were 19% last -- prior year quarter and 17.2% this quarter. A big driver of that, far and away was the Kichler’s acquisition. Their margins are in that low double-digit range, lower than the high teens that we’ve typically experienced in this segment.  So, recast that Kichler acquisition is call it 150, 200 basis points on average per quarter. So, when we look at our base business with the inflation we’ve experienced in the paint rods, and the actions we’ve taken to improve that price cost relationship, plus the expansion of our pro initiative, plus additional hub store employees and outside pro reps to continue to drive the volume, we’re expecting modest margin erosion for the full year. And again, when you look at all the investments we are making and the state of the commodities, that’s pretty good. 
Keith Allman: Sure, Sam. With -- restated for the accounting changes, with Kichler our revised long-term margin expectations are in that 16.5% to 18.5% and we’ve been operating at a higher end of that range and we expect to continue that through ‘18.  With regards to the base decorative business, that’s what my prior comment referred to. We are expecting modest erosion in that base business. 
Keith Allman: No negative surprises whatsoever. The surprises for me really have been positive. I knew going in through the due diligence that they were particular focused on the consumer and that they were product driven and understood the trends ahead of the actual trend being realized and we had a very short development cycle, that’s really impressed me and has been a positive side.  In terms of the integration process, very smooth, very smooth. We have integrated treasury, risk management and legal. We are rolling out the introduction to the Masco operating system and they’ve been very receptive and very eager to be part of the team. We have met with a significant number of key customers and that transition has been seamless. This is a good business for us. It fits in many ways in terms of the channel and the overlap. It fits with regards to the importance of influencers in this purchase journey in terms of designers and showroom associates which is very close to a lot of the work we do and in Plumbing and what we do in the aisle and paint. So, we’re excited about being able to add value to Kichler. And honestly, we’re excited about being able to learn from them as well. So very positive integration. 
Keith Allman: Really, Milgrad's growth was driven by their brand strength and their value proposition. This business has done exceedingly well with regards to lead times and fill rates. And we found clearly when we stub our toes and don’t do well that affects us. And we’ve got some of the problems that we’ve had a year ago, well behind us. We’ve got a new leader in that business and a new leadership team and that focus is really what’s driven the growth. That value proposition resonates with dealers, so we’ve got an outstanding dealer network out there and that’s very productive for us both in terms of big box and dealers and also the build a business that we choose to do out there. So, it’s really the Milgard value proposition that’s driving the growth. 
Keith Allman: I would say we’re expecting full year sales growth in that range of 6% to 8% excluding the Arrow divestiture on that. And on the margin side, we’re going to see some expansion, but I’d remind you that, we do have continued ERP expense. And the ERP implementations are going very well and we will have continued ERP expense. So, while we are expecting margin expansion for the year, we probably won't make it to that long-term guidance for that 10% to 13%.
Keith Allman: I think the retail promotion environment was a little bit elevated year-over-year in Q1 but just a touch. We would expect may be a slight increase in promotions for the full year but really not a whole lot. I think the retailers who view this class, this aisle is something that has a lot of add-on sales obviously so I think that’s lucrative for them. And obviously as you know Dennis, they set their price and their promotional schedules and we support them where it makes profitable growth sense for us. So, pleased with the promotional levels. I think we are competitive where it's at [indiscernible].
Keith Allman: I am really confident in our preparation. We have been at this for a long time. At Delta we have moved some of our high potential talent over there. We have highlighted -- excuse me hired external people to come in, in both program management as well as quality. While -- you mentioned Milgard, while we had a little bit issue initially I will tell you that our last two implementations, planned implementations on Milgard are going very well and it was one of our biggest plans that we recently did. So, there’s always inherent risk with ERP systems. I am really confident in the Delta team.
Keith Allman: Well, in terms of -- there are a couple of questions in there. In terms of the overall margin that low-double-digit margin that we’ve talked about in the past we’re obviously going to continue to drive that up. We see opportunities from support and synergies not only in the working capital area, but also in some of the gross margin areas around procurement costs and those sorts of things. With regard to tariffs, the primary commodity here is class. And then on the steel side, we’re really at this point haven’t seen any tariffs because it’s not tariffs are targeted or being levied towards value added products.  So, so far, we’re in good shape there and I would tell you that, when you look at the decorative lighting fixture industry, it follows a very similar model. So, should there be any price or excuse me cost pressures, we’d be in the soup with all of our competition. So, it really comes down to supply chain management to vendor development et cetera. So, we’re pretty confident in our ability to compete those, in those areas. And we see improvement opportunities as we start to get more into the business.
Keith Allman: No. I wouldn’t characterize it that way. I mean, we’ve seen some promo increase in the last quarter as different brands and different products are launched and that's normal. But I’m not particularly expecting any significant increase in promo. If you look across the different players in the industry, I think our partners demonstrated some of the best discipline. 
Keith Allman: And we’re seeing good -- we’re seeing the growth better around higher and actual brand as I mentioned as well as our good segment and we think in terms of good, better, best. And I think that’s always from me a good indication of solid market performance when you have both ends of the price continuum growing. 
Keith Allman: The margin was really driven by our growth investment as we talked about in displays and in some depreciation of those assets that we put into support growth, new plating line, a new distribution center over in Hansgrohe. We had a little bit of a price commodity lag. So together those as John mentioned are about $20 million. 
Keith Allman: We’ve paid particular attention over the years to make sure that we have a broad assortment where applicable whilst the opening price point does tend generally to have lower margins. They are not as low and as not as bigger as a spread as there once was as we work on both procurement and shop floor productivity and variable cost productivity. So, we are in pretty good shape. And I think that’s evidenced by -- I’ll go through a couple of them that stand out for me, and our Watkins spa business, world leader in that space with very strong performance in the high end. We have also worked to come in to get more reasonably priced good level of product that we can sell online. And that’s going very well. We have recently re-launched our Peerless brand which is an opening price point brand in plumbing and that’s taken up very well and is getting good positioning on the shelf. When we look at our ability to land profitable growth in Menards, that required some outstanding value engineering and brand positioning with regards to the opening price point as well as having a packaged on the semi-custom piece. So, our mantra is we need to be where our customers are buying from a channel perspective which obviously is e-business and we need to be where they are buying from a performance perspective as well. So, this is -- we put a lot of work and this happened over several years. 
Keith Allman: I expect the Kichler integration to go well, it’s exceeded my expectations. I knew that there would be, we knew that there would be a price cost lag, and that we would be able to manage that. And that lent [ph] as expected, I would tell you, we got a little bit of a logistics headwind that I wasn’t quite ready for so of speak, we didn’t expect as a relates to some of the rules and how over the road truckers manage their time. And that’s driven the cost up a little bit. Oil started to pierce north a little bit more than I probably expected. So, in the cost basket, there’s been some higher than expected, lower-than-expected but on average, I think we’re about ready for it. So, I think, I would characterize this quarter significantly more as on plan that I would surprises.
Keith Allman: As we talked a little bit about before Phillip, you think about the base business now separate that, because we’re in the middle of the Kichler acquisition. The base business, we would expect margin erosion, slight margins, modest margin erosion is how we’re characterizing it. When you think about the effect on this segment from the Kichler acquisition that would be in a range of 150 to 200 basis point reduction. 
Keith Allman: We have a significant customer concentration. So, we don’t talk about specific pricing actions in there. And I go back to my prior comment over the long-term of price commodity fluctuations we tend to stay flush. 
Keith Allman: We don’t believe that rising interest rate is going to put a break on housing, full stop. The 10-year bond is up about 45 basis points since year-end. Mortgages rates are about 4.5% and we have that level of 2014. We are almost if not, almost there to 85% repair and remodeling which is significantly less than sort of the interest rates. Our home equity lending is a very small part of the R&R market financing nowadays. The biggest driver in our opinion our expanded real wage growth and home price appreciation, consumer confidence, all those are positive.  Our affordability, particularly when you look at historical standards, still very good. Our view is that the market can digest a steady gradual increase in interest rates and that recurring model is a spend that’s more around a lifestyle decision as opposed to say a tax decision or an interest rate decision. So rising rates, generally signal a good economy and we do well in good economy. So, we don’t expect a break in ‘18 or ‘19 as it relates to rising interest rates. 
John Sznewajs: So yes, Stephen, good morning. If you think about that $30 million of strategic growth and price cost that you called out, and obviously a big chunk of that $10 million is related to Menards spend for the recap program we’re launching under the Cardell brand.  As it relates to the Plumbing segment, there are really two pieces there. One is what you highlighted, some of the display spend that we incurred in the quarter. The other portion of that is increase depreciation and as you may recall, I think we [cost out] in the last several costs. [We placed] to new facilities in Hansgrohe, our distribution center last year and we’re investing in a new plating facility for them over in Germany and Ireland, so that is causing our depreciation to tick up a little bit. But that obviously was funding future growth for that business, which has performed very strongly globally for the last several years.  And then the last piece of that. And that’s all in, I come to have plenty investment of achieving a display spend and the depreciation roughly split evenly about 5 million each, so 10 million in aggregate. And the third $10 million is really price cost. And that affected principally the Plumbing segment, but also a little bit in the Cabinetry segment as well.
John Sznewajs: Stephen, John here. As we look at it, I think what we’re doing is the pricing that we put in the market and across our segments is actually just recovering prices. So, I think by the end of the second quarter will be flush with the raw material inflation that we’ve incurred in the market. 
John Sznewajs: Look across our portfolio of businesses. I think the base metals copper and zinc have been -- they rose is in the second quarter starting on early second quarter of last year. And have been relatively narrow trading then since then. So, we’re not anticipating significant movement in either copper or zinc. So, I think that should be relatively stable through the balance of the year. And across our other product categories, I think for the most part will be stable. The one that we will keeping close eye on, the input costs to paid. All-in-all now approaching $70 a barrel and as affecting derivative to go into paint. We are keeping to close eye on how that both the engineered resins that go into paint move as well as CIO2 moves and I think as we said earlier in the year mid-single-digit inflation and input costs to paint, would be out of realm of possibility here in 2017.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Matt. It’s John. We did recognize a little bit of revenue here in Q1. But to your point, I think what you’ll see as the year progresses, that you will see greater and greater revenue come from that program as it begins to approach its run rate of about $80 million on an annual basis.
John Sznewajs: Sure. As it relates to price commodity element, recall that commodities elevated starting in the second quarter of 2017. And so, the P&L impact hit our income statement exactly as we would anticipate in the first quarter. And to your point, as we get out in pricing, obvious we don’t get pricing in every customer at the same time. So, there was a little bit of a lag of putting price into the marketplace. And so, we feel really good about where we -- how our team's reacted to the commodity inflation and how they are actively offsetting price with -- are offsetting inflation with both price, as well as cost containment activities within their own operations. As it relates to the pull forward, no I don’t think that the pull forward effective 10 million in Delta, really compounded the price costs affected all. That is really more or customers ensuring to take that inventory on hand as we go through our ERP implementation.
John Sznewajs: In terms of freight or distribution logistics costs, for the most part, a lot of our products are sent on standard distribution runs. And we’re not expecting around incurring much incremental inflation. We are seeing just a tough of inflation is on some of the more ad hoc or short-haul runs that we make. And so, at this point in the game, it’s not really that impactful to us. Keeping to close eye on it and but if I make certain that it doesn’t exacerbate over the of course of the year. But right now, we think, we got that in pretty good control. 
John Sznewajs: Yes. [indiscernible] for the full year 2018 excluding the divestiture of Moores, we expect the top-line growth in this segment coming [ph] at 5% to 7% range. And so [indiscernible] we can pivot to growth further quickly. Once we get the anniversary of this loss business behind us. 
John Sznewajs: And the other thing Chris that I point to you. As you recall this time last year and we were in the midst of the turnaround and I’d say that we did have a relatively easy comp in Q1 compared to Q1 of last year. In the comps we’re going to be a little bit more difficult. So, you might not see the same mid-teens growth out of Milgard as you go deeper into 2018.
John Sznewajs: Yes, so a couple of questions and again in terms of our remodeling growth between the various channels of distribution, we are really not breaking that out obviously, traffic stands across both home centers and dealers and both are positive. And so, we are feeling good about how that performed in the quarter.
John Sznewajs: Our semi-custom product is doing real well and that’s obviously on a bit of a higher end of the continuum. And when you look at the market data whilst it’s tough as you know with the -- to take a judgment on the market with a couple of month's worth of data but the semi-custom piece is doing well. We’re outperforming the market gaining share. So, I would say that for the areas that we compete in that semi-custom space is pretty strong. 
John Sznewajs: Stephen, as it relates to growth, we think the growth of Kichler will be very similar to the overall segments growth of 4% to 6% overtime.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Generally, saw good growth in Germany and China as I mentioned in our prepared remarks. So, we did see a little bit softness in the UK and a little bit slower growth in some of the Southern European countries growth. But now the stronger growth as we experienced in prior quarters. So just a little bit of a pullback in some out there, some of their core markets, but overall, their home country of Germany has done well and their emerging market growth has been just terrific. 
John Sznewajs: Yes, that was either, again, we were careful with our wording there. We said either 100 million to 150 million of either additional share repurchases or M&A throughout the balance of the year. 
John Sznewajs: I don’t think it’s so much price continuum variation as it is new construction versus R&R. So, I would look more to the new -- the higher new construction segments as potentially being more impacted by that. But as I am out in the market and I look at the issues around new construction, it’s not rate, it’s more capacity and skill trades and the ability to get the jobs completed. So, I would maybe twist my answer and not go on a price continuum discussion, it’s a more of a new construction impact than as I said we’re about 85% R&R.
Unidentified Analyst: I guess maybe shifting to the growth side of things. Keith talking about some of these investments you’re making in Plumbing across the new displays and then some of the investments John, you just mentioned with Hansgrohe. Is there a way to just kind of help us understand some of the timing of the fruits of all that investment? And maybe just elaborate on where do you see growth kind of heading in that segment as we move through the year and into next year? Thank you. 
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you for that. My next question, I wanted to ask about cabinets, alongside some of the investment spending with Menards, did you actually recognize revenue from that new business during this quarter or is that still something that we’re going to expect to more meaningfully impact the top-line as we move through the year? Thank you.
Unidentified Analyst: Alright. And then maybe stepping back with a higher-level view. If this strength in trend to lower price point starter homes continues throughout the year, do you see any product gaps in your portfolio that you need to invest more in or acquire or do you expect one segment to benefit more on volume side than another? Thanks. 
