John Sznewajs: Yes. In terms of incrementals, yes, I would expect them to be materially different from our decrementals, I mean, I think as volume comes back, I would think that you would see them in that 30% to 35% range which we have traditionally enjoyed on volume as we have grown our business over the years.
John Sznewajs: Yes. And to Keith’s point, because those plants are shutdown, we are carrying some extra costs. So it is probably that’s one of the reasons we are driving higher income decrementals in the second quarter because we do view the short-term – the shutdowns are short-term in nature. And so we have the fair number of employees around. So we are able to produce when that plant comes back, those plants come back up online.
John Sznewajs: Yes. The other thing I would point to is just, Matthew, is Keith comments on the demand we are experiencing spas right. It’s a high ticket item, the fact that demand for spas in both online channel and our specialty dealer channel remains very healthy. We think that it is a good sign that the higher end consumer is out there shopping and looking to continue to improve their homes. So I think both paints, as Keith just mentioned, spas is a pretty good indicative sign of where the consumer is.
John Sznewajs: Ken, what I would add to the Keith’s comments, yes, we do think consumer demand is good. But the question that we are very closely watching is, how long does this last? As you well aware, stimulus checks hit a lot of consumers kind of mid-April and that could temporarily boost things. And that’s why we are kind of reluctant to get too far out there how strong demand is until we really get a good sense over the longer term and short term over a couple of weeks how demand is and consumers are going to react to things. So I just want to keep that in the back of your mind as well.
John Sznewajs: Sure, John. As Keith mentioned and I mentioned, one of the things that we, I think continuing to invest in even through the recession is innovation. And a lot of that of the non-maintenance CapEx goes to tooling for new products, so jigs and fixtures and things for new plumbing products and shower products, some new things that we are delivering in the paint area. So that’s generally where that capital is going, because we think it’s important to continue to drive the consumer to our retail partners, our showroom partners, even though at times maybe tougher having new product out there, continues to give us good shelf space with our partners and draws consumer footsteps into their locations. And so whether that’s their online locations or whether that’s on their physical locations, we think it’s important to continue to drive innovation across the entire portfolio.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Mike, it’s John. In terms of the math, you have done on most of it, that’s right. I would say as we look at North American plumbing, we are probably down a little bit better higher than that, but probably down closer to that 20% range or so would be the way I would characterize how we are currently viewing North American plumbing.
John Sznewajs: First, I think just to make sure we are clear I think decrementals by segment or incrementals by segment however you want to look at it, they're approximately the same. I don't think there's a material difference between how you look at the incrementals or decrementals between plumbing and decorative architecture they are both in at 30% to 35% range the one thing that I would mention and because of the nature of these circumstances we are finding ourselves through if that always a straight line quarter to quarter right and so what Keith was and I were trying to point out is obviously we have got high decrementals here the first part of things but if things begin to normalize then they tend to revert back to a more typical incremental/decremental margins and so that’s how we are seeing it for the full year so if you think about the way that we see the progression through the year I think that should help if things through how that should work.
John Sznewajs: Yes, sure, Susan. As we said in our prepared remarks, we are watching the situation closely, but fundamentally, our long-term capital allocation objectives have not changed, right. We want to be disciplined and balanced into how we approach it. And as we discussed, we are going to be conservative on our liquidity here in the near-term. We have suspended our share repurchase activity and we will continue to evaluate our liquidity and market conditions before we resume it. So we have got some sense of things that are starting to get a little better. With respect to M&A, the situation may produce some attractive opportunities in the near-term. Don’t know as oftentimes, it takes sellers some time to readjust their expectations to market conditions. And so you might not see as many, but we continue to evaluate M&A that will be highly selective. It’s got to be the right strategic fit, right return and then we are committed to our dividend. We do view our current payout as reasonable considering our level of liquidity in our cash generation. So given our strong cash flow it will be conservative in the near term but then continue to evaluate market conditions and continually reevaluate how we want to proceed.
John Sznewajs: Yes. I think it holds up reasonably well, Justin. I mean we were – at the beginning of the year before anything of this really emerged we are talking about a 100% free cash flow conversion and net income and given the way our CapEx comes down our working capital can come in we believe we can maintain that 100% free cash flow conversion on net income to this period of time.
John Sznewajs: Yes in past cycles Garik as you can expect in particularly in the last cycle because of the housing lever session this unit saw some pretty significant volume declines in the 08 or 09 recession and so I would not certainly this is an apples-to-apples comparison today versus what we have experienced last time. We do we would expect that there will be some softening just given the impact of the broader economy that we feel pretty good about how this company is positioned because you may recall in the last recession a fair number of their competition fell by the way side and went bankrupt and so they think of a fair amount of share as them as the market leader we expect them to maintain that position even through the cycle and I think an important piece to know Garik is this company never lost money even in the worst of the 08 09 recession we like the fundamental of this space as well when we think about wellness health benefits spas it is pretty incredible I mean new spa or relatively new about a year and I can count on one hand the time is right then home and haven’t taken the spa it is great for the social aspect of the family that is great for health particularly for aging people it helps you sleep better it is a great product that is positioned well for the demographics of the United States and it is almost international or second most international business so I think that geographic dispersion is real strong and we have a thousand plus of the best dealers out there and we have a leadership that is very strong and developing those leaders. So, all-in-all we like this business very much.
John Sznewajs: So, Seldon, you may remember that we put most of our pricing related to the tariffs in early 2019. And so we really cover that and feel we are covered off on that last year. The balance of the pricing dynamics, yes, we are really not going to talk about future pricing actions on this call.
Keith Allman: Well, I think if you think about those, our typical decrementals, I think that’s a good way to look at it.
Keith Allman: I was just going to highlight a comment we made which is really a testament to the strength of that business in that what we are seeing in our demand patterns for our spa business and this is definitely an ecommerce channel and most definitely in our specialty retail channel is a continued demand strong demand for our products and that this issues that we are facing in this particular part of our business relate to shut down of our manufacturing capabilities in our plants because of shutdown orders in Mexico and in California I think that’s an important nuance to point than a nuance I think its an important fact that this is more of a supply related short-term issue that we are addressing and we will come out it as these state orders and in the case of Mexico country order left.
Keith Allman: When we think about the impact of COVID-19 buying patterns on psyche of our consumers it is difficult to say what will be a structural change and what will stay and what may be as a change that is more fleeting for sure we are seeing a move to online and we are seeing that even in our rough plumbing business where pros buy how much of that sticks remains to be seen with respect to our paint business while we worked really hard form a mixed prospective to more or less neutralize the mixed impact of pro to DIY there is a little bit but we have worked hard and we are leveraging the volume on our pro business so that those are both good businesses for us but we are definitely led about 75% mix skewed towards DIY and there is no question that we are seeing a resurgence of DIY demand for those reasons that we all know and that I talked about in my comments so do we anticipate that this to stack I think that’s going to stick through Q2 if that is a longer term structural change I think realistically that remains to be seen but we like our positioning definitely with our strong partner and a strong brands and our quality and DIY and we also like our positioning and how we have been able to manage the profitability business on the pro so not sure of this trend towards DIY we will stick indefinitely but we are the way I see it is going to stay through Q2.
Keith Allman: So in terms of how our demand from the consumer relates to lets say a change in inventory position in our channel we are definitely seeing this is consumer demand we are not due to some of the issues as it relates to some of the intermittent shutdowns of our facilities for employee safety and some of the longer shutdowns due to state orders. We have seen a little bit of our inventory and I think in the channel, it’s safe to say there is little bit of inventory reduction in the channel. So, this is POS. This is good demand, particularly as we see it in paint. John, I don’t know…
Keith Allman: Sure, Ken. Thanks for the question. I will talk to demand as is relates to a couple of parameters, geographical and then maybe talk a little bit about channel, which maybe helpful for you. Let’s just start east to west here in China we talked about that a little bit. The demand appears to be rebounding quite nicely. We were down as we mentioned about 21% in Q1. And we think in Q1, we should be flat to maybe even up a little bit, in Germany, down in that 20% range in April, but we are seeing that starting to improve, seeing in Europe, we do see significant sale decline in UK, Italy, Spain and France. Those are due mainly to shelter-in-place and temporary closures of some of our distribution outlets or our customer’s outlets for plumbing. Obviously, in the U.S. and Canada, we have been impacted by shelter-in-place across many states. I don’t really have a lot different to offer beyond what we all know that and Florida has been – and Texas has been hit a little bit less and up in the New England and the Northeast has been hit a little bit harder. In terms of channels, many large retailers remained open and sales is only up modestly in those stores. Retail tends to skew a little bit towards DIY as we have said and that’s helping it out a little bit. Paint sales as I talked about and retail have been very nicely positive year-over-year. Plumbing wholesale continuing here with the channels, by and large, plumbing wholesalers have closed their showrooms, but kept their counter, their back-end open. Sales are impacted a little bit more since many homeowners are reluctant to have someone in their house. And sometimes that tends to be more of a Pro install and we do see some construction being limited by states here in Michigan. And then from a channel perspective, e-commerce category is performing quite well and is up year-over-year really across the board. So, I think our diversification both in terms of geographies and channels is helping the situation out and we are positioned to win really as these channels changes.
Keith Allman: John, in terms of some of those projects that we will look at cutting sometimes there is information technology upgrades and those sorts of things that we can delay a little bit, so those sorts of things and some are related to equipment that we can delay a little bit. That’s really what we are talking about.
Keith Allman: Mike you are exactly right on the inside the quarter monthly trends. That's what we saw. We saw a nice, call it, a single-digit pickup in January and we got near to 20% range in March so that is where we saw come in in terms of if that’s full head volume or if there is more volume if that’s consistent that’s not the same really don’t know at this point I think the key for us and the team that John said I don’t know I trying to communicate across this broad geographies broad channels with a lot of uncertainty is that we certainly are thinking about our estimation of where this overall market will end as we move through this pandemic what is more important for us is in so much precision of our forecast what’s important for us is flexibility and having the capacity and the appropriate costs to get through this as effectively as we can while being ready to win and position to win and recovery and that includes capacity and it includes investment in technology and R&D and brand so that’s the way we are thinking about it. But specifically to that, inside the quarter, you hit it in what was on 
Keith Allman: Yes Phil I mean the decremental margins are all inclusive of what we see and what we anticipate in our business across the board. So in terms of raw materials, let me just – I think you touched on that, let me just give you a sense of how we are looking at raw materials now across the portfolio. So, copper and zinc are down more than 20% year-over-year and most of that decline took place here in the first quarter. So, we will, but that will probably help offset some of the tariff impact that we have been feeling, particularly in the second half of the year. To your point, oil prices have declined here recently. Clearly, that will help our freight cost out, but as I think you are pretty well aware, freight is a relatively small piece of our overall cost structure. In terms of the commodity basket for paints, the TiO2 producers have announced price increases. And obviously in this environment, you will see how that plays out. Though there has been strong demand across the paint industry so that those could stay in place and oil prices do impact the raw material basket in paint. Specifically, resin prices follow oil to some extent, but to-date, we have not yet seen a material movement in our resin costs or other costs as a result of the decline in oil prices. Propylene is a fairly downstream from crude and it’s held up pretty well so far. And so oil and resins are definitely a one-for-one relationship by any means, but if oil stays at these levels for a sustained period of time, our guess is that we would anticipate some easing on resin prices, particularly in the back half of the year.
Keith Allman: Yes. I think it’s a little bit of a re-price of a prior comment I made and that is that the depth and duration of the impact of this pandemic is unknowable. And that while we certainly are working hard to understand and to look at both trailing and leading indices and metrics that give us the best color that we can, most importantly, we are talking to our customers and our consumers to try to understand how they feel about the nature of demand, but it’s unknowable. So, our focus is on flexibility. And being able to win in any shape recovery and any length of duration and that goes back to managing our cost structure in the short-term. And then when we move into the recovery period to focus on winning and taking market share through our leading brands and it continued investment in those brands and innovation in having the capacity to support and that’s exactly what we are going do.
Keith Allman: I think pricing dynamics across the portfolio I know varies our European business is different and they generally have put in – have put price in earlier this year, maybe different by channel here from time to time we may put some price bonus in the trade or wholesale channel with respect to paint just given the nature of our relationship with one customer we don’t discuss pricing conversations with that individual customer.
Keith Allman: We are committed to the growth in the Pro. It’s a segment as I talked about that with the leverage we are getting has improved in profitability over the years. So it’s a good business for us and we have a good sales picture, if you will. We have a good value proposition for the Pro there, particularly the Pro that’s already shopping at the Home Depot. So we like that business. We are going to continue to invest in it. We are going to invest in both people, technology hub stores. We are going to continue to work and understand where that best investment is to make at any given time. In terms of the specifics, we are not going to talk about that, but in a more general sense, we are going to continue to divest in that and we think we have a very good reason to do that, both in terms of value and ability to win.
Keith Allman: We are continuing to work as we are across our entire portfolio to optimize our cost structure understanding that there is a short-term hit that we are taking as we are in what I am – I would call the crisis, but we want to have our capacity and product development capabilities etcetera in place for when we have the recovery. So we are looking individually across our portfolio at what that means and we are continuing to evaluate it. And I think we are going to learn a lot over the next quarter or two as we really see what happens as states open up. So we are looking across the business at our cost footprint at all of our business units.
Keith Allman: Okay. I think we are going to conclude the call. We tried to make this a little bit of a different call giving the fact that this is a different situation to delve in to as much as detail and with as much transparency as we can as it relates to how we are thinking about this business. I want to encourage everyone to stay safe and be healthy and I hope that you and your families are getting along as well as you can in this crisis. Thank you very much for giving us your time. Bye-bye.
