Timothy Wadhams: Well, windows, Budd, we have seen a pretty significant shift in terms of moving from new construction to repair/remodel activity. And as you know, there's been some tax incentives in place which have encouraged window replacement. We've also seen some pretty good activity in the United Kingdom relative to windows. And again, most of that is on a replacement side as well. So that would be a little bit of the difference there.
Timothy Wadhams: No, but the RTA exit is really -- the timing is due to some customer-related issues as we work through kind of exit plans and the possible sale of that business. So we anticipate that will occur sometime around the end of this year or the first quarter of next that we'll be completely out of the RTA. On the integration side, things have gone well. May 1 was really our first day operating as Masco Cabinetry. We'll be moving into our new combined headquarters in Ann Arbor somewhere around October 1. And the integration appears to be going very well.
Timothy Wadhams: I'll take the Cab side of that question, Ivy. What we have seen is on the builder side, and the dealer side for Cabinets was relatively strong, if you will, in the second quarter, basically offsetting some declines at retail. We continued at retail to see some certainly slowness with big ticket-related items. Obviously, retail is the area where we have exited certain product groups. But we had, basically, just in terms of comparing the two sides of that, if we look at the builder side and a little bit stronger dealer opportunity in the second quarter, that would've offset the retail side. And I'll let Donnie answer the question on the housing.
Timothy Wadhams: Ivy, you mentioned 14.5%. That would've been the increase in starts in the second quarter from the information that we have.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, we had about $20 million, Josh, of unfavorable price-commodity relationship in the quarter. And that would've been impacting the Installation segment, as well as the Decorative Architectural segment, and to a lesser degree, our Plumbing segment. And I would point out that we had cost savings of approximately $20 million on a net basis which offset that negative price-commodity relationship.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, basically, it's both. But we don't really break out price specifically. We deal with a lot of very large suppliers, a lot of very large customers and don't get into specific discussions about price and/or cost related to vendors.
Timothy Wadhams: In terms of ability. We were talking, Josh, just in terms of availability of resins and TiO2. Costs continue to be a challenge in that segment.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, Mike, and I think if you think about it, obviously Cabinets have declined pretty significantly. I think, if I'm remembering right, some information I saw suggested that in 2006, that was about a $15 billion market, and I think currently, it's running $9 billion or $10 billion. So as things improve, I don't know that we get back to $15 billion because, obviously, some of that was being driven by equity extraction back in the day. But we will get back to something north of where we are today, and we think that the strategy puts us in a really good position to take some share on the way back up. In addition, countertops are about a $15 billion market, and we did add a countertop business that we've talked about, DeNova. And as you know, one of the strategies for this business is to package Cabinets and countertops. So we think there's some upside opportunity there. Be kind of tough right now to quantify what we think is possible there. But we certainly feel very good about our opportunities given these really strong brands and the countertop acquisition, which we certainly think will make the purchase experience that much better.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, and the issue on the rationalization charges, we did announce when we talked about the exit of the RTA-related businesses, $115 million of charges. Previous to that, related to the integration of the two Cabinet businesses, we announced a $40 million restructuring charge. I don't know if that's helpful just in terms of parsing that a little bit. The other thing we'd point out too is that in terms of rationalization, our headcount is down, just as a data point, second quarter of last year to this year by about 8%.
Timothy Wadhams: So far this year, we've incurred about $9 million of cost: About $4 million in the first quarter and about $5 million in the second quarter.
Timothy Wadhams: I think, Donnie, correct me if I'm wrong, but I think we anticipate that at least a couple of those branches should be in a breakeven or better mode, profitability mode by the fourth quarter of this year.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I appreciate the comment. W think we've done a pretty good job in the first half in terms of incremental margins, cost containment, et cetera. Little tough to predict margins in this environment. We do expect, going forward, that we'll have some headwinds from a price-commodity standpoint of about $40 million. Having said that, we anticipate additional cost savings. We've realized about $45 million net of cost savings in the first half of the year and would anticipate a number that would probably approximate that or maybe be even a little bit stronger in the second half. The big, big issue for us is obviously volume just in terms of thinking about future profitability. We've got very high contribution margins, tend to average about 30% across the company. Obviously, we're doing a little better than that given some of the cost reduction activity that we've undertaken, so I think it's -- I feel very comfortable and very confident that if we get a meaningful lift in volume, that we ought to convert that at a very attractive rate going forward. But again, we need that lift.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I think we used 1.1 million at that point, Megan, if I recall. And also that assumed a list of about 15% in repair/remodel-related activity, as I remember. And again, we have not gone back and look at that. I would say that we've taken some additional fixed cost out and continue, obviously, to work very hard on supply chain, on lean, on innovation, et cetera. So my guess is that, that number would probably come down a little bit. I think we equated the 15% increase in R&R and the 1.1 million starts to about a $10.5 billion sales number. But my guess is that at this point in time, that would have come down a little bit, but we haven't really put a pencil to paper on that.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, we talk about pricing-commodity in combination. So we do see some pressure from a price-commodity standpoint. Mix probably doesn't help us that much in the second half. We'd launched Premium Plus Ultra Interior, the paint and primer in one, in the early second quarter of last year in 2009. So that's kind of anniversaried for the most part. We did have a little bit of favorable mix in the second quarter. But I would guess that mix may help us a little bit in that segment going forward. But at this point, I don't know that I would say that, that would be as dramatic as it's been, obviously, since we launched the product over a year ago.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I would guess, if anything, given that we're going slower this year, and when you think about some of the homes that are destroyed each year in terms of teardowns, you think about household formations, population growth growing forward, that I guess, ironically, or I guess how you look at it is the lower we are, the quicker we ought to come back. We continue to think that household formations in the decade 2010 to 2020 should approximate somewhere between 12 ½ million and 15 million. And obviously, that's driven by demographics, immigration, et cetera. But those folks are going to have to have a place to live. And there's some discussion now that there could be maybe a little more shift from home ownership to rental. So there's a lot of dynamics at play there. But I think, if anything, the slower things are, the faster the pace of the recovery when it does start to get some traction.
Timothy Wadhams: No, I don't think so. I think that we'll get back to that 1.4 million, 1.5 million kind of start environment at some point in time here down the road. And obviously we've got some macro challenges at this point in time and consumer confidence is not where you'd like to see it, unemployment levels are still very high, but we're going to continue to focus on the things that we can control from a Masco perspective, implement the Masco Business System, continue to innovate, continue to drive lean, continue to become more knowledgeable about customer-buying habits and preferences and those types of things. So we're going to keep pushing the same kinds of things that we've been pushing. And we think that'll pay off in the long run.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I would say that when you look at the working capital comparison that we gave, where receivables inventories less payables represented 16.1% of sales down from 17.8% last year, I think that's certainly indicative of some very strong management on the working capital side. In addition, we did reduce the estimate for capital expenditures, as I think Nishu pointed out a little bit earlier, from $190 million to approximately $170 million. So I think, if anything, we ought to have a pretty solid year from a cash flow standpoint. Did mention that inventory was up a little bit. I think we'll get that back in the second half. So given the operating environment, and I'm sure we'll do a good job, from a cash flow generation standpoint, as we have historically. And I think as things pick up, as folks, I think, probably remember in that period from 2003 through '07, that five-year period, we generated about $5 billion of free cash flow, averaged $1 billion a year during that five-year time frame. And that's after $1.5 billion of capital expenditures and another $300 million of investment in displays. So we'll get back to, on a relative basis, that kind of performance. I'm very comfortable with that as time moves forward. In terms of allocation, from a capital standpoint, continue to focus primarily on investing in the business, supporting our businesses. We've obviously launched a couple businesses. We're driving innovation. We'll continue to invest in the business. We'll certainly would like to see, over time, see our balance sheet improve a little bit in terms of debt to total cap. We've talked about the fact that with the $300 million that was due in March of this year and the $850 million that's due in 2012, what we've told investors is that we would expect a net debt reduction of probably somewhere between $200 million and $300 million. And I think our feeling right now is that, on a near-term basis, given some of the global concerns that have surfaced with Greece, et cetera, having a nice, strong cash balance is more of a plus in terms of a negative. So from a near-term standpoint, I think you'll see us continue to carry a pretty substantial cash balance.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, first of all, I don't think that we've seen margin expansion quarter-over-quarter for the last four years. We were, I think, in that segment down in 2008 I think around 18% for the full year, which was below the historical margins that we've tended to enjoy at around 21%, if you go back and look at the last four or five years or so. So having said that, that's where the segment has come in. And just in terms of looking forward, I think Donnie talked about it, I talked about it a little bit earlier, but we are seeing certainly some pressure from commodities. The availability is tight in terms of resin and TiO2, and the costs have gone up over the quarters both on a year-over-year and on a year-to-date basis. So that's going to put a little bit of pressure on margins going forward. We don't typically like to predict margins by segment. We certainly anticipate we'll have a strong year in that particular segment, and I would point out that later in the year, we've got, on the builders' hardware side, we've got some program-related costs, some new opportunities that will impact the segment as well. But I think that addresses your question.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, what I mentioned earlier, Josh, was that we would expect about $40 million of headwinds related to price-commodity relationships in the second half of this year. We're basically pretty much neutral in the first half. Going forward, again, on a company-wide basis, going forward, the impact there would probably be in three segments. Installation would certainly be one of those segments where we've seen a lot of price-related competition and, more recently, have seen an increase in material costs. Decorative Architectural would be a segment, and then Plumbing, to a little lesser degree, would be the third segment. And maybe a little bit, I guess, with windows as well in terms of resins. Cindy, I think we have time for maybe one more question.
Timothy Wadhams: One thing, Eric, that I think is worth noting: Right now, given the small number of starts, often, you're competing for maybe one or two homes and going head-to-head with local guys that are very small. And it's really all about price. As time goes on and as we get back to more normal operating levels, our scale and size will become much more important. I think Donnie mentioned this on the slide as we went through the presentation, but when you're going after a subdivision or a much larger quantity of work, dependability, reliability, quality of work, standing behind the work becomes much, much more important. Keep in mind, insulation continues to be a relatively small part of the entire cost of a home. Obviously, builders are very focused on every nickel and dime at this point. But down the road, our scale should give us a lot more advantage in terms of serving the marketplace.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I think that Donnie talked about that a little bit earlier, Eric, relative to the strategy of integrating the Cabinet businesses, offering the three brands at the different consumer points, value, functionality as well as style and design; working our way up, respectively, Quality, Merillat and KraftMaid. So as we continue to integrate those businesses, Donnie talked a little bit about the dealers adding certain brands. So we certainly think that as things start to pick up, that we ought to be able to perform very well in an improving environment. Obviously, the environment we're in right now, we've had some nice wins in a few areas on the builders side more recently. And again, it's a tough environment. But as things pick up, we certainly believe that strategy's going to pay big dividends, both on the top line and on the bottom line. And that concludes the conference call. I'd like to thank all of you again for joining us. All of the markets for building and home improvement products appear to be slowing. We're very pleased with our first half operating performance. Sales for both the first and second quarter of 2010 were up versus the 2009 quarters, the first positive comparisons on a quarterly basis in several years. And we continue to achieve improved margins. While we expect top line revenues to be challenging in the second half of 2010, we continue to believe that the long-term fundamentals for our markets are positive, and we're very excited about Masco's future opportunities. We'll continue to focus on the aspects of our business that we can control, and we very much appreciate the efforts of the Masco Team across the globe as we implement the Masco Business System to further strengthen our leadership brands and improve our execution. Thank you.
Donald Demarie: Yes, Ivy, when we looked at the housing starts in the quarter, really a lot of small numbers moving around very quickly and some swings between multifamily and single-family, and took a look at really the full year of 2010 versus the full year same period of 2009 and then lag 90 days on starts. And what we saw was a decrease of 3.7% versus segment decline of 7.5%. And we haven't given out the specific selling price deterioration in the segment. But more than offsetting or explaining the difference was what we had been selling price and feel confident that on the first half of the year, on a lag start basis, that we are actually gaining share. And when we look at completions, I guess our information might be a little bit different than maybe what you're looking at because we actually had second quarter of 2010 completions down about 4% to 5% from second quarter of '09. And if we look at the first half of 2010 completions versus the first half of 2009 completions, we actually show completions down 12.5%. So unless we're looking at maybe some different information, we actually saw completions down during the same period.
Donald Demarie: Yes, Ivy, we're looking at, I mean obviously, we now lagged -- we actually have the second quarter housing starts that will lag, which really will impact our third quarter. And they came in, I believe, around 170,000, which are up about 20% to 30% over the lag first quarter. So we're going to be tracking that very closely. Tim mentioned the trend that we're seeing in July. And so far, early in the month, we're not seeing that. So that's something that we're going to have to track very, very closely. I will say also on housing starts, as we looked at this closely, on a sequential basis, Q2 of 2010 versus Q1 of 2010, they were up 9% and our segment sales were up 13%. So we feel really good that we're performing in line and in sequence with the market. Probably our biggest concern will be there should be a significant increase going into the second half of the year, and early in the quarter, we're not seeing that.
Donald Demarie: Well, we don't think so. As we said, we've really dived into both the second quarter as well as the half year. And in both periods, we believe we've gained share. So nothing indicates to us -- now we have to remember it's early in July. This business does not report point of sale, so it's hard to get good reads on it during mid-month. But early on -- and you also have a holiday at the beginning of the month which impacts services more than it does the other businesses. So yes, it's hard to say at this point, Ivy. We're just trying to give you the trend that we're seeing early.
Donald Demarie: Yes, we primarily use, Michael, housing starts. And we use the unadjusted quarterly -- we use the actual quarterly numbers, and then we lag it one quarter.
Donald Demarie: We've looked at it a bunch of different ways because, obviously, as we look at starts, you have really small numbers and you have a lot of change occurring in the start number, especially when you consider the swings between multifamily and single-family. So we're trying to come up with a way that make more sense of the small sampling.
Donald Demarie: Actually, the combination has really always been focused on top line; that we saw tremendous opportunity to drive top line growth where we had mutually exclusive dealers between KraftMaid and Merillat, for the most part. We felt that we could meet more of the price point needs of our customers. And when we looked at our lineup with Quality really in the value price segment and Merillat really in that middle with storage and functionality and really setting that brand to really drive all-around ergonomics, and then KraftMaid being the brand to really aspire to that we felt we could meet the majority of the consumer segmentation and that needed to really sell those brands as a package. So as we looked at this, we thought we had a compelling offering to keep more of that business in-house and get a bigger share of the wallet, as well as provide better customer service through being able to rep the products in the similar way, look at the supply chain as far as taking variability and costs out, and just felt it was more compelling for a dealer to keep that business with Masco, especially considering some of the things we're doing with coordinating hardware and countertops as well. So we always saw this as a big top line opportunity. I will make one clarification to your question. Whem we talked about 50 dealers adding a brand, those weren't meant to be all new dealers. I don't have the breakdown between how many of those were new versus existing dealers who carried one of our brands who added another brand. But we see this as a big top line opportunity, and that was really the driving force behind the merger.
Donald Demarie: Yes, the numbers are moving around a lot. I'm not sure I completely understand the question, Nishu. But I think what's important to understand is that Installation and Other Services has always had a strong position both with home building and multifamily. So we've always serviced both segments equally well. I don't believe we have -- the share is hard on the multifamily because, again, it moves around. I will say that the multifamily unit composition versus a single-family unit obviously is smaller, but there is again been a number of changes as multifamily went from small apartments to more of mid-to-high-rise dwellings. Those units actually increased in value because the applications were different. So instead of being residential products, there was some commercial products in place. So that relationship has been a tough one for us to model. If I was going to give you in rough estimates, a multifamily unit is worth a half to 2/3 of what a single-family units is worth to us on a take-per-unit basis in Installation Services.
Donald Demarie: We have 17 locations opened. The original plan was to go to 22 depending upon, we thought we would accelerate that or pull off that depending upon what happens with Home Star. Right now, our plan is to operate the 17, optimize them, we're learning new things. We are primarily early in the launch in cold weather climates. As we have gotten into some of the southern markets and really looked at some of the hot humid and then dry heat markets, we're finding different attributes in the selling process as well as different take-per-units. So right now, we will stick with the 17. We haven't made a decision whether to roll out five more. That was the original plan. We're going to wait and see how the 17 do and make an assessment probably later in the quarter.
Donald Demarie: Yes, and, Megan, I would add, as Tim pointed out, with commodities in that segment remaining tight, supply versus demand, that we anticipate that we're going to continue to see -- we have seen and will continue to see higher cost.
Donald Demarie: It's Donnie. Couple of things going on in Installation. I think you have to really go back to look at, since we're talking year-over-year comparison, we are seeing competitive pricing impact that segment. And it's been a competitive price environment for a period of time. I will tell you also that it's compounded by the fact that material costs have really come down pretty dramatically within that segment as well. There's been some commodities such as aluminum and lumber that have had minimal impact when you consider that the majority of that segment is really based around insulation sales. So you had your materials decreasing, you had a more competitive pricing environment, so it leads to a lower take per unit when you look at a year-over-year type comparison. On a going-forward basis, what we have seen is pricings remain competitive, but there is a significant price increase that was announced for July 1 and that has gone in place, which appears to be firm. We are pursuing the increase in the marketplace, and we're hopeful that, that will bring some stability to a pretty tough pricing environment.
Donald Demarie: Well, it certainly does if you can't pass it on. And we are -- it's a large increase and it's an area that we're not going to be able to absorb it, and we're working with our customers and suppliers to pass the additional costs on. We think it's an industry that is operating at very low pricing, possibly historically low pricing. And it's a situation that in a tough environment, we've got to work with both our suppliers and customers to pass that on. But we're not willing to continue to work at low prices and absorb the increase. It's just not something we can do.
