Keith J. Allman: Thank you, Irene. And good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us today. Please turn to slide four. 2015 was a transformative year for Masco. This time last year, we outlined the three elements of our strategy for value creation: number one, realizing the full potential of our core businesses; number two, leveraging opportunity across those businesses; and number three, actively managing our portfolio. Our focused execution enabled us to achieve the objectives we set out for ourselves in each of these areas. In 2015, we delivered solid full year results, we created a stronger foundation for future profitable growth, and we generated greater shareholder value. On June 30th, we successfully spun off our Installation segment, transforming Masco into a global, branded, building products company; where our distinct advantages, brand and innovation, are key success factors. These distinct advantages, as well as our operating discipline we've deployed in our businesses, drove both top and bottom line growth. Our revenues for the year grew 6%, excluding the impact of currency, notably, despite a weakening global economy, our international revenues increased 4% in local currency. Our operating margin grew 190 basis points to 13%, our highest operating margin since 2006, demonstrating our strong operating leverage and operational execution. All four of our segments contributed to this top and bottom line growth by continuing to capitalize on their leadership positions in the building products industry. Let me provide you with some key highlights. Most impressive was the turnaround story of our cabinet business. By driving share gains at retail and dealer channels with KraftMaid, realizing significant benefits from cost savings initiatives and improving pricing dynamics in the builder channel, we drove a remarkable 810 basis point improvement in operating margin, surpassing everyone's expectations. We're proud of this accomplishment and excited about the future outlook of this business. Our Plumbing segment had another outstanding year. By leveraging the strength of their brands and innovative products, Delta; Hansgrohe; and Watkins, our spa business; each broke sales and profit records in 2015. Illustrating their leadership – industry leadership, Hansgrohe was recognized with numerous international design awards and Delta Faucet received the 2015 WaterSense Sustained Excellence Award, the highest recognition from the Environmental Protection Agency for their exemplary effort to support water efficiency. In our Decorative Architectural segment, BEHR drove gallon growth with their innovative new product, BEHR MARQUEE, their expansion into the PRO segment and their award-winning customer satisfaction levels. We remain committed to investing behind our growth initiatives, including launching four new PRO paint SuperCenters in 2015, which further improve our fulfillment and service capabilities to the professional paint contractor. BEHR's leadership position in the architectural paint industry was reaffirmed with its number one ranking in the J.D. Power's 2015 Paint Satisfaction Study in the interior paint category. From a quality perspective, BEHR distinguished itself by simultaneously being awarded a number one ranking in interior paint, exterior paint and exterior stains by a leading consumer testing organization. In our Other Specialty Products segment, Milgard Windows, the leading window brand in the Western United States, successfully capitalized on new home construction growth and growing repair remodel demand for higher-end offerings. Capping off Masco's strong operational performance this year was our ability to generate nearly $0.5 billion in cash. Consistent with our balanced capital allocation strategy, we returned over $575 million to shareholders through stock repurchases and dividends in 2015. I want to thank all of our employees for their hard work, dedication and great performance in 2015. I will now turn the call over to John, who will go over our operational and financial performance in detail.
Keith J. Allman: Thank you, John. We're proud of our track record of execution and as we enter 2016, we look forward to capitalizing on the momentum that we have built over this past year. Despite a level of global economic ambiguity, we remain encouraged with the opportunities before us. The fundamentals driving our core U.S.-based repair and remodel business, which I'll remind you represents approximately 80% of our sales, are strong. Interest rates remain at historically low levels, which support home affordability. Demographic trends are increasingly favorable, which drive household formations. Home prices are appreciating, boosting consumers' confidence to invest in their homes. U.S. residential housing stock is aging, with the average age of U.S. home 35 years. And housing turnover, which is a leading indicator for our repair and remodel business, has accelerated. Our international businesses have demonstrated that they can perform even in periods of economic volatility as demonstrated by international sales growth of 4% in local currency. We will continue to drive shareholder value by deploying the capital we generate from our strong free cash flows, including investing in organic growth, investing in strategic M&A, continuing opportunistic share buybacks and consistent dividends, and retiring debt. Given our industry-leading positions, robust innovation pipeline and the operational benefits from our Masco Operating System, we remain on track to reach our 2017 EPS target of $1.80 that we set for ourselves back in 2015. With that, I'll now open the call up for Q&A.
Keith J. Allman: Mike, I think the home price appreciation is helping with that. That's getting the consumer to now be able to connect the dots in terms of investment into their home. And we're also seeing some nice mix up shift in the consumer, with our Plumbing and Window businesses, in particular, really benefiting from a mix shift upwards. And then our KraftMaid business, lastly, with the mix shift there with our combination of new products and increased dealer sales is also helpful. So, all in all, we feel good about the consumer.
Keith J. Allman: Sure. At first, I'd say were committed to the $1.80 that's not changed and that's what we're focused on, overall shareholder value creation for the entire portfolio. Certainly, as the year unfolded, and we'd expect changes and puts and takes to happen in the forward two years as well. But when we look at it, really, the underlying volume in paint was a little bit lighter than we expected. But on the positive side, Cabinets certainly had a more favorable year than we initially thought we had. Plumbing has also – with record years in both sales and profit from the two big horses in that segment with Delta and Hansgrohe. That was a little bit more favorable than we had thought. So, we're continuously monitoring our progress against the $1.80. There are some puts and takes, but we feel good, and remain committed to that $1.80.
Keith J. Allman: PRO is going very well for us, and we would continue to expect in 2016 a similar trajectory than – as we saw in 2015, which is high double-digit growth rate in that segment. We're really, really happy with that, and that comes as a combination of investment both in terms of product as well as customer experience. And we're very tightly linked with our channel partner. And I think that shows the power of having that outstanding channel partner and working together specifically on this initiative. So, the PRO is going very well for us, and we continue that – to expect that to continue. We highlighted a little bit on the call about the investment that we're making in PRO SuperCenters, which is basically – it gives us the capability to do high-speed tenting and jobsite deliveries to large PRO customers. And we're seeing a very powerful impact with that.
Keith J. Allman: I'm not really – that's not one of the things that keep me up in terms of the – at night in terms of the health of the consumer. We're seeing really strong traffic in our showrooms, in particular. And as I mentioned, Dennis, in Plumbing, for example, the mix trade up in the success of our showroom brands and our Brizo brand and our Hansgrohe brand, which all tends to be at the higher end of the continuum with regards to price, is very solid. So that combination of traffic and the willingness to spend and we – we're continuing to see that, gives me confidence in the health of the consumer. As well as the overall macroeconomic indicators that we look at around jobs and home price appreciation, and some of those other things that we talked about. In terms of the international ambiguity and some of the risk there, we have a very strong business in Hansgrohe. We sell to some 135 countries, and I think with their 2015 4% growth demonstration of their capabilities, that tells me that we figured out how to maneuver through this ambiguity. So, all in all, clearly, there's some international issues that we're faced with. Hansgrohe is well-positioned to address them in terms of how that affects the customer in our core repair and remodeling business, which is 80% of our demand drivers. I feel good about it.
Keith J. Allman: No, that's a true statement. When we think about 2016, we really view 2016 versus 2015 very similar to how we saw 2015 versus 2014, so a continuation of that trend with R&R right at about 5%. We think we'll see new construction come in right at about 10% growth slower down in the growth – slowing down of the growth rate in multi-family and a little bit of an acceleration of the growth rate in the single family. And as we talked about – on the R&R side, with home price appreciation, good housing turnover and demographics that, that millennial group is aging. The average age from 25 to 29 is when they're clearly going to start having children, and that bodes well for new household formations, which at 1.7 million is a strong number. We feel good about the year going forward.
Keith J. Allman: I think I'll talk in generalities at first here a little bit, and maybe get into a little specifics about what we're thinking about in terms of carryover, particularly, on the cost side. But in terms of generalities, the KraftMaid business, particularly, in the dealer market has got some very nice traction. We're growing nicely in the dealers, the value of the Vantage product offering that were launched is significant, and that there- that volume is a mix help for us. So, we're seeing some favorable mix in Cabinets. Clearly, we've done a good job of cost takeouts. We had, as you recall, some significant issues around an ERP implementation in 2014. We've put that behind us, and the team is really locked and loaded in on a pipeline of further cost reductions, so we're continuing to drive it. But admittedly, the year-over-year cost takeouts will not be as strong as they were when we look at 2016 versus 2015, as they were 2015 versus 2014. The better you get, the harder it is to get better. We took a lot of that cost issues out of the ERP systems, but we're going to continue to work on it. So, going forward, more specifically, you can think about approximately a $15 million carryover of cost improvements that we would have in that business, and then if you layer in the kind of growth rates that we talked about with R&R at about 5%, new construction at about 10% and the mix of our business in those two demand drivers. Think about around a 30% to 35% drop down in that incremental volume and I think that gets you right into where we're thinking about that segment for 2016.
Keith J. Allman: Well, That's certainly not the ceiling for us, and we're going to continue to drive that higher. We're focused – we're continuing to focus on cost outs, because, obviously, we never believe we're all the way there. We're going to continue to drive that continuous improvement, culture and mindset, but it's really about growth, and we're driving growth and profitable growth with good mix in that dealer channel, specifically.
Keith J. Allman: We're really thinking about it, consistent with the market growth. We've had some nice retail growth this past year. We believe we're growing in the – and taking share in the dealer growth as well. That gets to be a little more difficult to peg the market size and the dealer market because of the fragmentation, but I would think about our growth rates being fairly consistent with the pace of the overall market.
Keith J. Allman: We really haven't changed our outlook on the longer-term margin in this segment of right there at about 18%. That's what we talked about on our Investor Day, and that's where we continue to think about it. We're committed to investing for growth in this, not only in terms of products and customer experience in retail, but of course, to continue to invest in our PRO business. So, I think long-term, thinking about this segment at 18% is a good way to think about it.
Keith J. Allman: Really, we're focused on implementing our Masco operating system and driving growth to outperform our markets across all of our segments. And then, to carefully use our capital to drive shareholder value. We've earmarked in the range of $500 million for acquisitions. Our plan is to be very careful with that and to look for bolt-ons, particularly in our Plumbing and Coatings businesses. We're committed to paying down debt. We're certainly committed to continuing returning cash to shareholders in dividends and our share buybacks. So, I think when I'm thinking about 2016, it's about deploying our Masco Operating System and outgrowing the market and being good stewards of our capital to drive value.
Keith J. Allman: I'd say probably the most meaningful competitive dynamic in paint was an increase in advertising that we saw in our competition last year as they launched some of their new product lines. We did not have any significant Q4 promotions. We did in July, and then Labor Day we had some very productive promotions for us. But by and large, we stayed to our plan with our channel partner, but we did see some increased promotions in the competition. Outside of that, it's a tough category, it's a tough market, but I would say the competitive dynamics are fairly stable.
Keith J. Allman: Sure, Mike. In Paint, I've talked a little bit about it already on the call. The overall market was a little bit softer in DIY than we had planned, but we believe we're outgrowing that market and driving gallon growth. At the Analyst Day, we had our growth rate backend-loaded as we anticipated the ramping up of our PRO initiative to take some time. We're actually doing better in PRO than we thought. So, we anticipate continued ramp-up and feel good about how the last couple of years towards that goal in 2017 are going to roll in Paint. In terms of Cabinets, we've talked about that as well. That has exceeded our expectations. The team not only did a great job last year of ripping the cost out that we put in to protect the customer due to that ERP issue, but we also are now getting more productive. And we've put in a new finishing system, so our quality there is what I would consider best-in-class when you look at the quality coming out of that flat finishing line. We have new products that we're launching. The products that we have already launched are taking off. So, Cabinets are a real positive story and we're looking forward to profitably growing that business, particularly in the dealer channel. In Plumbing, again, a very good story. We're seeing nice mix shift. We also have very strong performance out of Delta with a record year, and that's saying something for a company that's been as successful as Delta has been. And Hansgrohe also had a record year, another very successful company with an outstanding leadership team in place there. So, we're clearly ahead of where we thought we would be. So, that's on the plus side as we think about moving out and going into 2017. From a Windows perspective, we're continuing to grow and outpace the market and gain share. We have our Texas plant that's coming up nicely. The new ERP system so far is going very well. We've already implemented several components of that without a hiccup, so we feel good about that. And that's an outstanding value proposition with that – Milgard value proposition out there, that has driven their share performance. So from a Plumbing, Cabinets, Paint perspective, while we talked about some puts and takes in terms of some stuff that's running hotter than we thought and stuff that's a little cooler than we thought, on balance we feel good and remain committed to the $1.80.
Keith J. Allman: We're continuing to drive cost take-outs and revenue gains in this business. If you look at 2015 and the pace of the cost-outs that we did, that was the thing that really was a positive versus our expectations – was the speed that that team was able to take these costs out. So when you look at where they came out, a lion's share of these cost-outs came out early in the year as we were making these improvements. So, the $15 million, certainly we're going to drive to try to get everything we can in terms of the cost take-outs. But we're also investing in this business and balancing it with growth investments around new products, around some pricing and some advertising and programs that we're running. So, I think thinking about the $15 million carryover plus the 30% to 35% dropdown in incremental volume, and think about that volume increment pretty consistent with the market, I think that's a good place to be.
Keith J. Allman: Yeah, Steve, I would say that the mix shift we're seeing is more broad-based. It's certainly not just constrained to one segment. Our spa business for example, that is an extremely discretionary, high-dollar ticket item, and we continue to do very well in that business with a record year. So, that's significant. In our windows business with the Essence product line, we're seeing that shift to that higher-end product very clearly. On the Plumbing side, some of our most successful product lines are those that we sell in the showrooms, in the high end. We've talked about Brizo, Hansgrohe, and then our showroom-based products in Delta. And if you look at the – just an anecdotal view, as I was out at the Builders' Show and the Kitchen & Bath Show in Vegas, the most exciting part of the booths where we got the most traffic were in those higher-end items. So, it's broad-based. MARQUEE in paint. So, I see it as a general trend in terms of driving the upgrades. Clearly, a part of that, we're enjoying due to new product introductions. The KraftMaid Vantage line has got a quite impressive penetration in our dealer segments, and it's very helpful as we present it to new dealers that we sign up. So, between driving share of wallet in our existing dealer base, to helping us have a solid value proposition to new dealers, it's very helpful. So, product plays a fundamental component. As does channel focus, getting deeper and deeper relationships on our existing dealers, both in the Plumbing segment as well as in Cabinets, it's very helpful. Understanding how our channel makes money in this higher-end and helping drive them in that direction. We're seeing that in our plumbing wholesalers in particular. So, it's broad-based. It certainly is driven by new product introductions, but it also has a fundamental component around channel focus and relationships.
Keith J. Allman: It's more on the take-per-unit issue that's driving this to be a very difficult channel to make money in. So you mentioned 15 years ago, I don't know if it was that long ago, but if you go back to where the average home had, say, 18 boxes in it, they were 42-inch uppers, so big cabinets with solid wood, glazed, a ton of content and quite a significant amount of boxes. And then now, you move forward to where in some of the market, not all, but in some of the market, you're down to in the 13 boxes per unit to 14 boxes per unit, flat panel, low, very de-contented finishing levels, and de-contented hardware, that sort of thing. So, your take-per-unit is significantly clipped in some of these customers but you still have the cost of that last mile of delivery, you still have to manage the installation and manage the punch out and all the other issues that go with keeping customers happy in this segment. So, I would say the main driver on it really was the change in the type of product that was being delivered and our ability to make money given the, by and large, fixed cost nature of that last mile install and punch-out. And it's not just the large builders. It's not strictly large builders. What we're really looking for is builders that value our brand, builders that value our excellent service and then partnering up with them. And what we're finding is that there's good business out there for us to have but there's some business that's not productive for us to have, and that's our approach.
John G. Sznewajs: Hey, Mike, it's John. Good morning. Yeah, thanks. So, yeah, feel really good about the year. In terms of the consumer, we're seeing, generally, pretty good things. As we've seen the year develop, as we highlighted in our comment, we've seen very good growth in our Plumbing business as well as our Window business for the last 5 or 6 quarters in terms of Plumbing, and even better than that, probably in the last 12-or-so quarters with our window business. And now that Joe Gross and the team at Masco Cabinetry have really had the chance to execute on a turnaround plan, we're seeing a very good growth with – particularly, our KraftMaid brand at both retail and the dealer channel. So, we feel really quite strong – good about where the consumer stands right now, if – what we're experiencing in the last several quarters. So, all in all, the consumer seems like they're back and investing in their home.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah, Mike. There's a couple of things there driving that this year. And as you know, typically, when we come on the first year – first quarter of the year with our CapEx guidance, we will refine that as the year progresses. But the couple of things that are driving a little bit north of our traditional 2% of sales are really a couple of three things. One, ERP investment at Milgard; two, we are in the process of expanding a distribution center for Hansgrohe over in Germany; and three, at Delta Faucet, we're making some CapEx investment in their – in a building there to – for their customer experience center. So, those are the three things that really elevated above the difficult 2% of sales.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah. Nishu. Yeah, you're right. We were a little bit more active in the third quarter of last year, as a matter of fact, the fourth quarter of last year, we pulled back a little bit., So, we pushed about 1.7 million shares in the fourth quarter of last year. In the first quarter, I think, we would have continued to be optimistic. And you're right, we did guide to approximately the same dollar value of share repurchases in 2016 as we had in 2015. Here – in this part of the year, we have done some share repurchases, though we're a little bit constrained in the blackout period as to what we could buy, but we were active in the market as we saw the share price decline a little bit here in the first part of the year. And I would continue to expect us to be opportunistic, as we look at when and how we buy the shares back, but – and to part of your question about seasonal constraints, just given the $1.7 billion liquidity we have on the balance sheet, there are – that was the seasonal aspect of our business, really does not impact the pace or the in which we did buy our shares back.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah. No, Alex (26:32), you're right. Good margins across the board in the – across all the segments in the fourth quarter, except for the Other Specialty, and I'll talk about that in a minute. As you look across each of the segments, Cabinetry, obviously, a little bit of volume growth, better mix as well as productivity improvements, because of the ERP implementation last year really drove us to a great 7.5% operating margin in the fourth quarter. And our Plumbing business, really, it's more productivity improvement there, and some of the mix shift that we saw, as Delta saw some favorable mix. We did experience a little bit of negative mix in – at Hansgrohe during the quarter. And it's our at BrassCraft unit as well, our rough plumbing business. And I would also highlight the fact that in Plumbing, we saw some very good volume. We do estimate that we probably saw $15 million to$ 20 million of pull forward from Q1 into Q4 as a couple of our customers strive to hit higher rebate years in the quarter. And then in Decorative Architectural products, yeah, that probably did – the team at BEHR and at Liberty did a great job as – both productivity improvement, as they continue to work on the Kaizen engine that we're trying to establish in our businesses, and also some nice volume increases, particularly, at Liberty.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah, Dennis, let me just add there a little bit. As we exited 2014 and interest rates started to pick up, we saw a little bit of a pullback in refinancing activity in consumers. Now that the tenured treasury's dropped and mortgage interest rates are now at three-year or four-year lows, we expect increasing levels of refinancing activity, which generally has been a leading indicator for repair and remodel activity, which again drives north of 80% of our volume.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah, some of the new construction momentum that we talked about is at the 10%. In general, some of that will be abated as we continue to prune and focus on builder direct business, where we can really bring a value add and where we can get paid for. So that growth will be a little bit muted on the cap side.
John G. Sznewajs: Sure, Stephen. So in terms of price commodities, we did have a little bit of a benefit there into 2015. We probably experienced the low to mid-single-digit deflation in the year 2015. That said, as you probably have heard there have been a number of suppliers that have recently announced price increases later in 2016. So, it's not really clear whether those will stick or not, but those are hanging out there over our head right now. In terms of the second part of your question on capital allocation, you're right. We feel pretty good about where we're going to go here in 2016. Longer term and beyond that, obviously, we're looking at opportunistic acquisitions. And you can never really predict the timing of those, but with Amit onboard, and clearly trying to fill up the acquisition funnel. We've got a fair amount of activity generated towards that, but at the same time, looking at our share repurchases and making sure that we're doing the right thing for our shareholders by returning capital to them. And then, obviously, we'll take down some debt later this year with that maturity in October. We feel like we've got a good path forward, how we're going to allocate our capital. And it's all really going to be dependent upon the timing of some of these acquisitions that we're looking at.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah, Bob, just given the strength of our contribution margins, that run generally around 30% of incremental volume, and some of the improvements we're seeing across our business, I would expect that cash flow or – operating profit growth would run ahead of the CapEx investment – the increased CapEx that we're forecasting at this stage of the year. So, I would overall expect free cash flow growth as we go from 2015 to 2016. The end markets are looking good, we're feeling good about the productivity improvements and the efficiencies in our business, so right now – feel good about that right now.
John G. Sznewajs: Keith, it really, I think, depends on where some of the price increases, the input cost increases, that announced. And I think what we're seeing in the marketplace now, we're seeing good sell-through on our product line, our paint products, in the retail channel. We're seeing very good growth, obviously, in the PRO business coming off of an admittedly low base. So, we feel really good. Well, is the industry getting more competitive? No. I mean I think we were up against some large, tough competitors, but I think where we're at, with four or five main competitors in the industry, I don't think the competitive dynamic changed all that dramatically.
John G. Sznewajs: Mike, it's John. A couple things that we talked about earlier. One, there are some price increases hanging out over the industry in terms of some of the input costs. The other thing, as we've talked about in the past, is PRO business that we're growing and growing quite rapidly is a negative mix impact on the overall segment. But that does not come at the same margin that our core DIY business comes at. And so, that would be a little bit of it. And the third thing that you mentioned it in kind of your remarks is we continue to invest to grow this business. This is something that we want to do. Our goal in conjunction with our channel partners at Home Depot is to drive gallon growth, and that's what we're committed to with them, that's what we're focused on with them, and that's where we're putting our investments in this segment. And so, we're looking forward to having future good years but it's all about the top line movement on this segment.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Stephen, it's John. I'll give you a couple of comments on some, then I'll turn over to Keith for some comments as well. In terms of, let's say, the Window business for instance, we have seen a nice mix shift in our Window business for the last probably seven quarters or eight quarters as consumers have moved up the price continuum to either a high-end vinyl or our fiber glass window product at Milgard. And it's been a continued focus of the teams, but the consumers are driving that, and that's why you're seeing nearly double-digit growth in that segment for the last 12 quarters or so. So really, really strong growth, partially impacted by mix. So then, we launched that Essence product about three years ago, and so that's driving it. And then, I'd say if you look at our Paint segment as well, we launched BEHR MARQUEE Interior Paint this year and we didn't see – well, let's say, a $45 a gallon or so price point for us at retail, our highest retail price point, we have seen some nice mix shift up. So, that is a new product introduction that is driving some of that mix benefit that we're seeing. And I'll let Keith talk about both Plumbing and Cabinetry.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah, so, yes, Alex, good question. So, there's a couple of assumptions underlying the $1.80. One was constant currency kind of as of the date of the Analyst Day in May 2015. And the other was the assumption that we completed the 50 million share authorization that was announced on September 30, 2014 by the end of 2017.
