Keith J. Allman: Thank you, Maria, and thanks to all of you for joining us today for Masco's first quarter 2014 earnings call. Please flip to with slide number four. As we have for the last 10 quarters MASCO’s first quarter 2014 results showed year-over-year sales and profit growth and margin expansion compared to the prior year quarter. Our new products and program wins drove sales in the quarter. We also continued to benefit from the positive trends in new home construction and improving repair and re-model activity.  Plumbing installation and other specialty performed well this quarter and we are very happy with their results. Our international sales and profits exceeded our expectations with an exceptionally solid performance by our international plumbing and window businesses. We continue to see strength in the European economy, particularly in Germany and the UK. Hansgrohe did extremely well reporting their best sales quarter in history.  The team's execution, coupled with new products drove sales throughout the quarter; hats off to [Frank Semling] the team at Hansgrohe. In North America we experienced our typical first quarter seasonal slowdown. In addition the adverse weather conditions caused a short term closure of multiple facilities in our cabinetry and installation segment and a myriad of other inefficiencies, such as increased fuel cost, production and project delays and poor painting conditions. Despite this, our focus on execution helped to mitigate the negative impact in regions not affected by weather such as our window business on the West coast and our international sales we saw strong comps. We believe that while the weather certainly challenged our first quarter the demand for goods and services was not lost but rather deferred to latter periods.  Turning to slide number five on our last call we outlined our priorities for 2014. Although still early in the year we have already made progress against these objectives. We continue to grow share in our market leading brands.  Delta continues to gain share as we move into adjacent categories in the bath and they continue to hold the number one share of shelf position in big box retailers. Our North American window business, Milguard due to its new product introductions continues to gain share. Masco has a long history of customer focused innovation this year is no different. We started to rollout our new BEHR MARQUEE interior paint in the first quarter and we’ll continue to do so in the coming month as we move into the majority of the U.S. and all Canadian Home Depot stores.  Our installation and cabinetry business remained a major focus for us. We still have a lot of work to as we move these businesses towards sustainable profitable growth. In installation our commercial business had a great quarter with strong volume increases. The residential portion of the business also performed well despite the weather with mid-single digit volume growth. We are excited to announce that we recently won the 2014 energy star award from the U.S. environmental protection agency. This is the ninth time we’ve won the award and it recognizes our industry leading commitment to energy efficiency and building science expertise; job well done to Robert Buck and the team at Deltona.  Related to cabinetry we continue to be pleased with our progress with the dealers and builders and are working to improve our performance in retail. The weather was certainly a substantial headwind for us this quarter. Additionally we incurred costs associated with the stabilization of business such as the previously announced plant closures and the standardization of ERP systems. We believe that our recent customer focused product launches and disciplined pricing will add value over the long term. The stabilization of this business will not happen overnight. We remain committed to the long-term success of this business. Internationally, we continue to expand and are extremely pleased with our results from the first quarter. Our international plumbing business was up mid-single-digits in local currency and as I mentioned earlier, Hansgrohe had its best sales quarter ever and is benefiting from the increased demand for luxury goods. UK economy is improving and we're seeing strong sales from our businesses there. Driving operational leverage across the organization is a key priority for us. We have consolidated Masco Behr in to Delta and are announcing savings in brand leverage from this move. We continue to manage cost aggressively and we are on target to achieve approximately $115 million of profit improvements gross for the year. Our balance sheet remains a focus for us as well. Our working capital as a percentage of sales is now at 13.3%, down from 14.2% a year ago. These highlights demonstrate our continued focus on execution, which produced another good quarter. Please move to slide number six, where John Sznewajs, our CFO will take you through our financial and operation review.
Keith J. Allman: Eric the team that was executing against the solid plan that's as a phased approach a big part of that plan is the stabilization phase we're working to optimize our supply chain, our manufacturing footprint and standardized IT infrastructure across the network and we encourage some cost in the quarter to do that as we discussed, the closure of our Jackson facility in Ohio, the implementation of our IT system in our Mount Jackson, Virginia plant. And the weather as we said was a substantial headwind for us in the quarter. We have taken down significant number of production days.  We took down production shifts we had production shifts that were interrupted and had to be cancelled due to incremental weather and of course throughout the quarter we had many cases where it was difficult for people to make it to work.  So obviously we don't anticipate that to continue through the year. We remain confident in this business. Going forward we continue to work to drive it towards the 10% operating income business at 1.5 million starts with commensurate repair and remodeling left.  The team is in place, is actively listening to the customer and closing the gap between what we need to serve them and where we're at and we feel good about it looking forward. 
Keith J. Allman: Bob that is internal cost savings that we're driving to our total cost productivity initiatives. It ranges from our plus 21 program in Europe that is over in Hansgrohe to drive cost and supply chain and new product development processes. Certainly material is a big component of that as we drive value engineering to better serve our customer at the appropriate price points.  It includes commodity strategies and of course the Masco business system focused on labor productivity, lean manufacturing and optimizing our footprint. So it really is a cost reduction initiatives that goes across the broad spectrum of the business.
Keith J. Allman: This is Keith. Nishu it's again, it's difficult to parse out the effect of weather with extreme accuracy, but I would say that the weather effect was more pronounced to the retail channel in the net area than the trade channel, where in paint for example professional painters are going to paint independent of weather versus whether there could be more of an effect on the retail consumer. So I would not characterize that we had significant issues at all in retail versus the trade channel. I think it was more of a weather related.
Keith J. Allman: Team is executing as I said against a turnaround plan that is phased, begun with the rapid turnaround to drive the business to profitability in 2013 and we achieved that. We have moved in and are well along the stabilization phase where we're focused on optimizing the supply chain, manufacturing footprint and the IT platform. This is the last of our plans that we needed to standardize across the common IT platform. I am a stickler for that. I think we need that as a foundation as we move forward and pivot to the growth phase.  So there will be some carryover costs into the next quarter as we get through the ERP implementation and through the final aspects of the production shift from our Jackson, Ohio closure. So I would expect that a little bit leap over in to Q2 and then that would be it.
Keith J. Allman: We are experiencing some issues with regard to our fill rates but the team is down there and quickly counter measuring it. I would say having done numerous ERP implementations in my carrier that this is what we typically see when we are doing an ERP implementation.
Keith J. Allman: I think it's a combination of both. In Central Europe, the economy is coming back nicely for us. In the UK the economy is accelerating with some of the government actions that they are doing to support housing as well as the overall economy. So there certainly is a macroeconomic effect that we're seeing. However we're also gaining market share. Hansgrohe has put significant -- has always and continues to put significant effort into their innovation pipeline. John briefly mentioned in his remarks our select product which is really industry leading and that's taking off tremendously.  We have outstanding sales teams throughout Europe and internationally that are driving market share gains for us. I think the ability to grow like we have in the face of some of the issues in Russia for example and the Ukraine that we're faced with shows that we're both gaining market share as well as enjoying macroeconomic recovery.
Keith J. Allman: What we're seeing in our dealer -- this is Keith, Stephen. And so what we're seeing in our dealer channel is that it hasn't been so much an issue of losing dealers as it has been share of wallet in those dealers. And as we intensely listen to what we need to do to serve those dealers particularly in the area of new products introductions and programs and we've responded to that. We're starting to get traction.  In terms of the specific brands that we believe we're taking share of that that's difficult for us to tell. But we're definitely seeing an improvement in our share. With regards to the brands we're seeing it across both our quality and our craft made by and in terms of dealer with the new home construction increase, with Merillat and the dealers that serve those, we're seeing a nice lift and a share gain as well as at our more our out focus craft made dealers. 
Keith J. Allman: If you are out at the Kitchen and Bath Show, you saw some of our new products in terms of style that won several awards out there and you also saw the craft made advantage program that we're launching in the dealer channel to give our dealers a differentiated capability. That was something that we heard from them in our dealer councils and the team at cabinetry responded quickly to get it to them and we're seeing and hearing very nice reports back.
Keith J. Allman: Good morning George. On the remodeling side with cabinets, I’ll take that and then John can follow-up with the paint question. I would say that it's difficult to nail down the market size component of the market share calculation at retail particularly when you are talking about a volatile environment with regards to the weather and as well as the choppy environment I’ll call it with regards to promotion.  We, as part of our turnaround plan in cabinets a fundamental aspect of the plan was to be a leader in correcting what we believed to be unsustainable levels of promotional activities. And we are doing that and it's paying off for us. However that discipline isn’t always followed. In the quarter when some of our competitors had different approaches to promotions it can result in some temporary share loss and I think that was the key driver or so than any operational issue associated with ERP.
Keith J. Allman: Good morning Adam this is Keith. Our RTA product is a niche product that we’ve launched for the trade. It's a product that is sold through to our distributors. It could be assembled by the distributors or assembled by us. But it's, as I said a niche product that's meeting a specific need mainly from multi-family and our distribution channel. It's not a retail product and we are just getting started.
Keith J. Allman: Yeah, I think this is good opportunity and this is actually a new price point for both us and the retail channel partner. Because the retail price points will be north of $40. So really don’t see significant cannibalization occurring rather appealing to a new set of consumer for ourselves and our channel partner. So would you think it is finally additive you know we recognize it's not going to be a main line product just given the price points that it plays at but it should be a nice move up product for those that choose to do so. 
Keith J. Allman: So the operating leverage in our European business is actually quite similar to all of our businesses because it's -- we've got cabinets and our plumbing businesses over there. So in general we see about 30% drop down in our European businesses as compared to our installation business here. So as you think about that, that's actually very consistent both domestically here and as-well-as internationally. 
Keith J. Allman: Okay. Yeah, so we did actually pull forward some advertising out of Q2 and into Q1 to support this MARQUEE launch. That said I also referenced today that we will have about $5 million of incremental expense in Q2 compared to last year's second quarter because of some new program and product wins. That -- mind it was done in the second quarter though and due to the fact that we were winning new business and we will be happy to incur additional costs like that in future periods to the extent we're getting shelf space with new product wins and program wins.  As it relates to the back half of the year I think our advertising spend will be fairly consistent. We did indicate earlier that we will have about -- we probably have about $10 million incremental program costs in this year versus last year. 
Keith J. Allman: Clearly as harsh a winter as we had here in North America they had a light winter there and I think that was an effect. But I will go back to my earlier comments on the new product introduction, how the customers responding to those and the job that Hansgrohe is doing with regard to share gain. 
Keith J. Allman: Typically we see kind of mid-single-digit gallon growth over the course of the year. There are periods of -- it's little bit more robust particularly every second and third quarters tend to be the painting season. But we generally think of this business is as a GDP plus 1% or 2% type business. 
Keith J. Allman: Susan this is Keith we are in fact seeing that. You can see that with in segment where there is a move up to a higher content and product, we're seeing good volume in our painted product in cabinetry for example. We're also seeing that across our other businesses, our window business is doing very well and that's considered a big ticket item.  Our spa business which is a luxury, certainly bigger ticket item is moving along nicely. So I would say yes we are seeing a movement up in terms of the consumer that's balanced of course by mix shifts that we see as new construction is growing at a rapid, more rapid pace than the base business and that tends to be a little bit more [de-contented]. So the whole issue of big ticket is a tale of two cities and move up in the confidence in the consumer for sure but also a mix shift as new construction and multi-family become a bigger part of the mix. 
Keith J. Allman: So, we are not -- this is this is Keith, Mike. We are not changing our look out or drop down margin on the incremental volume.
Keith J. Allman: On the plumbing side Stephen we had a lot of goods guys going in our direction for the margin. Certainly the European growth that we saw, which is the higher end part of the segment principally Hansgrohe goes with it higher margins. We had a favorable margin mix shift to the trade, the trade tends to be a higher margin for us then other channels. And then we also had a real solid performance in total cost productivity in that segment.  As I alluded to you earlier, the plus 21 improvement process at Hansgrohe, the work that Rick Marshall and the team and doing at down Delta with total cost productivity so, we had a lot of thing going in our direction. We are very happy with that and we like the performance.  Going forward when you look at where we are expanding with the accelerated international growth, which requires investments both in terms of pricing as well as infrastructure and you look at Delta Faucet planned expansion into adjacent categories and continuing to grow what we are doing in bathing and adjacent bath categories those are clearly lower margin products. So I think when you think about the long term in this is segment as we said in the range of 11% to 12%, 12% to 13% rather with some potential upside, I think is good way to think about it.
Keith J. Allman: In terms of the share growth it’s really about understanding our customer and closing the gap between what we provide and what they need as productively as we can. A big weapon in our arsenal for doing that is our strong brands, our innovation pipeline. So principally our share comes through customer intimacy and then the leverage of brands and innovation. With regards to international share, when you look across the landscape, particularly in the international faucets, you see significant wide space that we have for the Hansgrohe brand and the principal share driver on that is the good people that we have out in the markets in our sales infrastructure and the experience that we have, that comes from selling in over 135 countries. But it also comes in developing a product assortment that is targeted for regional expansion.  We also have international activity and growth that we're targeting with our BEHR brand and Delta Faucet as well. So that gives you a little bit of flavor on why we feel good about international. 
Keith J. Allman: Okay thanks. I want thank everybody. I appreciate all the good questions and the interest and look forward to talking to many of you in May at the JPM conference. 
John G. Sznewajs: Certainly Eric. It's John. So if you think about Q1 being up 5% for the quarter we were up pretty much mid-single digits for each month of the quarter. Here in early in April now it's a little bit early for us because we still have about a week in the month. Things look like we're up low to mid-single digits that said I think there is a couple of things impacting it. Obviously Easter was in the tail end of March last year. We had Easter here in the middle of the month. Now also I'd say we are up against a pretty tough comp as we were up mid-teens percentages in April of last year. So we are seeing some moderation or some improvement in our new construction related activities as we've seem to be gaining some momentum in those businesses.  That said I think like lot of other folks we generally think that demand was deferred out of the first quarter and will be made up in subsequent quarters. 
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah I will take a little bit on install and I'll turn it over to Keith to talk about cabin. So the weather was a pretty significant impact on the first quarter. To give you kind of a sense we had 750 branch days closed in the first quarter due to weather on Q1. So if you think about that we have 190 branches that means each of our branches on average was closed for four days during the first quarter.  So that gives you a pretty dramatic sense, so as things begin to improve we do think that the incremental margins that we experienced, that we should experience in that 25% range may be little bit north of that should play out as the year rolls out here in 2014. I'll ask Keith to answer that little bit on cabinet.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah Bob it's John. The way I would think about it, as you think about the last couple of years I think we realized about $60 million of that benefit net in 2012 and about $90 million net in 2013. So my guess is that we think we can do about the same that we did last year kind of a somewhere between $15 million and $20 million net improvement over the course of this year.
John G. Sznewajs: This is John. I do think we saw a little bit of that in the first quarter. Now that said, you could just parse the weather impact is Q1. But like the other thing that we are experiencing is extended build times in the new home construction, and site hours extended. Now I think that's partly due to weather. So what we traditionally been in kind of 90 day lag from housing start announcements we are seeing closer to in certainly in this case is 120 to 150 day lag. So that's definitely impacted. So than we damped the impact of that effect over the course of the first quarter.
John G. Sznewajs: So Stephen it's John. The $5 million that we are going into incur is not just in Canada but actually across all both businesses in the segment. So both there as well as the hardware will be incurring cost, there are a fair number of new programs in retail and of course of the last I guess since the beginning of the year. In terms of the loading effect for the new BEHR MARQUEE there will be a slight loading impact but generally what we are anticipating as the sell-through will be pretty good as well. 
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, to add to Keith's comments. I will tell you that on our craft we come out with some products that are deliberately focused on the dealer channel. So that's something that we're definitely going to focus on over the course of 2014.
John G. Sznewajs: George as I like to on the paint side you know as Keith referenced a little bit earlier we saw very good strength in our pro-oriented business. That said our DYI business was a little bit soft during the quarter and we do attribute that simply to the fact that it is much more difficult for DIY to paint in some of the adverse conditions that we experienced in the first quarter compared to the pro-painter. So might there have been a little bit of different, just because of the nature of our customers base I think we are little bit differentiated from some of the other paints companies that have reported prior to us. 
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, thanks George. Yeah I think it is more of a comp at this point. And I think things are as weather improves we are seeing slow momentum build across our businesses and so I think it's more of a comp than anything else.
John G. Sznewajs: Hey, Keith it's John. Yeah we've seen some price inflation and installation prices have increased over the course of the last several quarters. But as said -- as I indicated in my prepared remarks we did have a favorable price commodity relationship in that segment in Q1. So while we try to always improve our internal cost structure through productivity improvement and other means we were also in a position to pass it on price. To your second question about the slowdown in starts, as I mentioned earlier we're seeing an elongated bill cycle right now. So that will have a low burden impact on us in future periods.  So as I said what we're seeing right now is that our bid rates are building and those generally turn into activity several months out. So I think as the weather breaks here in North America then we should see some consistency -- some consistent growth. With that said we're up against some pretty difficult comps. Now we've some pretty strong comps in that segment throughout 2013. So if housing starts aren't as -- don't increase as rapidly as they did last year it will have a little bit dampening impact on the growth rate in the segment. 
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah. I'd say there is still a little bit of tightness on the front end of the build cycle, Keith so I would tell you that we're seeing kind of a 120 to 150 days right now. Also remember Keith with the high multifamily mix that we're experiencing. 38% of the total starts in the quarter which is up significantly on average it's been closer to 15% over the last 10 years. So that is definitely an impact on the build cycle.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah we don’t think there was much of a portfolio effect out of Q2 or any subsequent quarter into the first quarter. We continue to see good strength in our European operations. 
John G. Sznewajs: This is -- as you probably have observed we've done a very good job on working capital for the last several years. And as [inaudible] got some very specific initiatives targeting our working capital. So we've done a great job on receivables and payables, and we continue to focus on inventory we think there is some progress to be made there.  So we finished 2013 at record low levels of working capital and we continue to make progress. I should also make you aware that everyone in the organization is incentivized though the variable comp on working capital as well, so that will also help keep the guys focused on making progress on that metric. 
John G. Sznewajs: Mike it's John. We took a really hard look at that. It is very, very difficult to give you anything with any amount of vigor behind it. As Keith mentioned in his remarks we had significant number of closures of faculties, not only as I mentioned in the Installation segment but across our organization, inefficiencies on deliveries, inefficiencies on job site. So you know I mean it’s very difficult to quantify that. I wish we could give you a pinpoint number, it’s just not practical to do so.
John G. Sznewajs: And Steve on the installation side. You know a couple of things there, obviously you know we talked about wage inflation, some growth investments and mix and weather inefficiencies. You know clearly weather inefficiencies is a tough one to gauge, but with our 750 branch closures you know that’s clearly had a pretty significant impact on us in the quarter. Wage inflation wasn’t that much. I would tell that of our four the smallest piece of it growth investments are probably the highest piece followed by increased multi-family mix being the second one. You know weather inefficiency is tough to gauge. You know as it relates to your second question about why we think the multi-family will moderate as the year develops we got to look at the ways the starts are coming in and it looks like if you roll back the phases where multifamily starts work over the last couple of quarters and we see how it influenced the first quarter, we start to see more single family activity as a percent of total start, just hit the numbers and so, that’s why we think it will dissipate a little bit.
