John Sznewajs: Yes. So Stephen we did see some commodity inflation, Chris I should say, I'm sorry. We should see some commodity inflation - we did see some comedy inflation in both those segments in the quarter and to do [ph] we share that on our second quarter call.
John Sznewajs: Yeah. So the reason they became its – the Cabinets segment is experiencing spill over from the hurricane impact is, if you think about the way the projects work, the cabinets are one of the last things to get set when home is really - you know, is been damaged and it gets rebuilt. So they have to go through flooring, electrical plumbing, drywall paint and all that other before people set their cabinets. And so there is going to be a little bit of headwind in cabinetry going into Q4. But as we go into 2018 we do expect that we should see some tailwinds broadly across all of our product categories, as a result of the rebuilding efforts in Texas and in Florida.
John Sznewajs: Good morning, Mike. It’s John. Yeah, so in terms of what we saw on DIY gallon go to it was down just modestly, as we indicated our Pro business was up double-digits. You know, in terms of your first question around pricing discipline within the industry you know, we don't expect any change in that dynamic going forward. You know I - everyone - I can't speak for everyone else, but just given how we look at our – and serving our major customer we're very focused on supporting their strategy of both serving the DIY consumer with the best experience, the best quality of paint and the best service in the industry, as well as really growing our share with the Pro. So we see no change in that dynamic whatsoever.
John Sznewajs: Yes. So we're going to start that program with one of the large retailers and as expect you know, we were largely expect to set that in September and with the storms impacting you know, a big part of the country, they just elected to delay that a couple of weeks, so nothing significant there.
John Sznewajs: The reason we're accelerating this investment Mike is because it's working for us, I don't know if you've had a chance to get out to the market and see some of our dealers and our showrooms, but fundamentally these are the best displays that are out there. We're displaying our showering program more - more strongly. We've gained additional, I think its two to three linear feet in these displays as we lay them out and our customers in the showrooms are seeing good return on those investments. So that's the reason why we're so bullish on this investment because the initial sets are performing so well.
John Sznewajs: Keith, if it helps in paint, we really haven't changed our outlook from last quarter where we talked about for the full year mid-single digit growth and modest margin erosion.
John Sznewajs: I'd also say John that you know, you know they are equally advertising our product as well in the marketplace, it’s not just solely. So there's a great partnership on the advertising side with Home Depot on that front as well.
John Sznewajs: And Dennis, maybe just one point of clarification, specifically in the third quarter, the way we probably look at it as if you take the hurricanes out and the impact of ARROW, we're closer to 5% top line growth.
John Sznewajs: Yeah, I mean, I think there's really two things Dennis, that we see, principally one is, is just simply volume and how the fourth quarter shapes up there. I mean, that's the key driver, other than that it would be how we decide to control our expenses or put forward some expenses into the fourth quarter if we choose to do so out of 2018.
John Sznewajs: You know, we've talked about our long-term view on cabinets to be in that 5% to 7% growth range and the 13% to 15% margin. Certainly we're going to start to get and move in that direction in 2018. We're focused on the margin improvements particularly in the builder segment and then in the repair and remodeling our new product introductions on both KraftMaid and Merillat are performing well. So we expect to continue to march towards that 5% to 7% growth and 13% to 15% margin that we called out on our Investor Day.
John Sznewajs: Megan, and as you look at you know our sales count on a combined basis DIY and Pro. I’ll tell you we were up low single digits in the quarter on a gallon basis. So overall feel pretty good about how we’re performing.
John Sznewajs: You know, Alex, acknowledging that we're only kind of a quarter and a half into a 3 year guidance on those. You know, I think we're definitely on track and clearly one of the things that will help – that kills every piece was that the expanded camera hardware program that we're setting now. That's definitely a big component to helping us achieve if not exceed – get to the higher end of the range there. And then on the Pro side you know, we continue to do - we're very pleased with somewhere we're outperforming on the Pro and you know, I think we're right on track to achieve the Pro growth that we forecasted.
John Sznewajs: Yeah, I think that's a good way to look at it Phil. You're right on that. You nailed the seasonality perfectly. That's exactly how the business develops over the course of the year. And given the strength that we're seeing as long as the volumes continue to hold out and the strong orders that we’re seeing continue to - you know we would expect that kind of development in 2018.
John Sznewajs: Yeah, it’s John. You're right, there is generally a lag that we see in our P&L. generally it’s about two quarters roughly speaking because of the length of our Asian supply lines. And so if you track copper and zinc it not a direct one for one, but its pretty close. You can see how that will play out over the course of time.
John Sznewajs: Bob, its John. I think that's the way to think about it right, the way we prioritize our capital allocation as you know, always first and foremost invest in the business you know, to continue the growth of our existing businesses and you know CapEx as you've been watching runs pretty late too 2.5% of sales. And then after that it is rebalancing the M&A activity that keeps us talked about versus share repurchase activity and we were out in the marketplace pretty aggressively in the third quarter of buying back 4 million shares and then you're right you know we have raised the dividend four times over the course of the last four years and while we cannot commit the company we'll continue to look at that type of activity going into 2018.
John Sznewajs: Thanks, Bob. I know - we do expect to do on the fourth quarter. We do expect the spend somewhere to be in that $5 million to $10 million range in Q4 and will there be similar activity in 2018 in the plumbing segment, yes there will. We’ll give you a better clarity and guidance on that in our February call when we have our plans all set for 2018. So you kind of spend in 2018 for those - for those displaced.
Keith Allman: Mike, we did post some expense, I think it will be a multi-quarter impact. So you know, so we are pulling some expense out of early ’18 and into ‘17 for both Q3 and Q4. But we will continue to have some of those resets going into 2018 as well. So we do expect the impact can be a little bit more modest in 2018 than it was in the back half of 2017.
Keith Allman: Mike, this is Keith. As you know, given the concentration with one customer we don't go into specifics on price. We work in terms of cost avoidance. We work hand in glove with our suppliers, those same suppliers that really help us out during the hurricanes. We have great relationships with them. They help us win and we help them win. So together it's a good team. So we're constantly looking at value in the can and we're by demonstrated performance have really walked a nice line there and keeping the quality in the can, while trying to be as competitive as we can and giving the consumer what they need. In terms of price commodity, you know, over time the prices ebb and flow and we tend to get commodities, get price rather and get price commensurate with that flow. There's always some lag, particularly when commodities accelerate really quickly. There'll be more of a pronounced lag. But over time we tend to remain flush with regards to price commodity and that's what we expect going forward.
Keith Allman: At this point, Keith we're expecting a little bit of promotional activity, but probably will not be as intense as it was in the fourth quarter of 2016.
Keith Allman: Yeah. So you know, I think Keith there are a couple of things to keep in mind there, right. One is that seasonally we slow down into the fourth quarter and obviously you know…
Keith Allman: Got you. So you know, as I think about it you know, we all have a little bit of headwind only because the $8 million spend that we called out for the Liberty reset. So you know make sure you factor that into your calculation. But you know, in terms of the margins other than that, I think, I'm just trying to think of where we were in the fourth quarter of 2016, margins will be slightly up I think from that point.
Keith Allman: Well, clearly the hurricane was a big piece of it. When you look at our builder direct concentration in branches that where we have them, we have them in Denver, Texas and Florida. So two thirds of our footprint was pretty well devastated. So that was a significant piece of it, but it wasn't all of it. We're continuing to drive price into that builder channel. We want to have this build and we will have this segment profitable for us and when we do that we don't always win those re-bids when we go back with price and there was a little bit of that. We had a little bit of builder consolidation that created some headwind for us and we'll create a little bit of headwind going forward for the next couple of quarters. But fundamentally it was a combination of the pricing actions that we've taken a little bit of hit from the builder consolidation and the hurricane.
Keith Allman: I'll tell you, John we haven't really lost any shelf space with our Behr products. Our relationship with Depot is very strong and we're joined at the proverbial hip with both DIY and Pro market share initiatives that we have. It's a great position to be in when we have the best brand in terms of where the best quality is verified by third party folks, the best service verified the same way and the most compelling proposition on the shelf in terms of how we commercialize it. And we have all these great stories that are out there. So we've had obviously Depot offers many brands process across – as product categories they want consumers to have the choice and we're confident in our product offering and we expect to continue to win.
Keith Allman: Yeah. John, I think there is a couple of things that we can point to, on that front, you're right the data has been a little bit choppy and a little bit soft. You know, what we are seeing, I think are two things. One, we're seeing not that we participate in this part of the category, but the very high end, the custom part of the market we are definitely seeing softness or at least the data suggests that there was softness in the very high end of the market. So I think that's one component of it. I think the second component of it may just be instillation labor - that while we're seeing good demand across our dealer customers and in the retail channel for our KraftMaid products you know, we are hearing pockets of the country where demand is strong enough where your product is simply delayed because you can’t get the installation labor to install the products.
Keith Allman: Yeah, you're right. We're seeing the same effect. We do see Houston recovering a little bit faster than the Florida markets at this point. We principally think that’s due to the nature of the weather where it was localized flooding versus kind of widespread in both rain and wind damage in the state of Florida. So early indications what are we seeing, right, so we are starting to see in particular strong orders for our paint and primer products, which is what we would expect following the storm and we've seen that after other natural disasters as people look to repaint their home, they need to prime it with our Kilz primers. So you know, that's a - you know that's the first sign and so this is going just as expected as we've experienced following other hurricane activity. Following that should be orders for faucets and cabinets should be the last to be impacted. And as I mentioned earlier that really we don't think will be felt until 2018.
Keith Allman: Yeah. I mean, I think quite simply you know we do think that the hurricane impact and there are some very, very minor disruption with transportation and things and like that we will flow to that impact very quickly.
Keith Allman: I think in terms of the full year Dennis maybe it makes sense to go kind of - line by line by our commodities you know, and paying for the segments rather than in paint as we've talked about mid-single digit growth for the full year. We're still - we're still expecting to see that. In cab's which was hit harder by the hurricanes, as we described and will probably continue to get a little bit of top line hit there in the fourth quarter. We're looking at our top line maybe to be flat to down slightly in cabinets for the full year. In terms of plumbing, again mid-single digit growth for the full year. We're having strong growth. Our capacity is [Technical Difficulty] seasonal fourth quarter typically slow down for us and we're anticipating that. So for Windows we'd see mid-single digit growth is our expectation and we're confident in that. In terms of 2018, I'd really - you know, we’re seeing this as an extension of ‘17. We haven't - we still believe in the fundamentals. We're seeing good POS at the cash register for our products, particularly in paint. We're seeing good semi-custom cabinets sales and as I said the resets in our dealer and showrooms and in plumbing is very productive for us. So we're right on our Investor Day plan for 2019 and we would expect 2018 to be a continuation of the good growth that we've seen.
Keith Allman: The way we think about our Pro initiative is really to go after about half of the Pro market here in the United States which is a significant market. It's those painters that are involved with resi repaint with maintenance and repair, apartment maintenance those sorts of things. The folks that are already in the Home Depot that's really where our value proposition ring. So we continue with the kind of double-digit growth that we've seen and to attack that specific segment.
Keith Allman: The promotional activity in cabman's was pretty consistent and we haven't really seen much of a change from where it's been the last couple of quarters. In terms of the builder business there was a concentration on a couple of those builders that were affected with consolidation. A little bit from the price increases that we put into the market and then of course the hurricanes.
Keith Allman: On capacity. I apologize and capacity, you know, and then we've talked about the labor market in the northwest and in California being tight. It continues to be tight. I will tell you however that the operational improvements that we've made have really helped out in this regard. We've talked about what was it just 12% growth in the Milgard - Milgard in the quarter and we have close to record lead times and fill rates during that significant period of growth. I like where we're at in capacity, but as always it's always something we have to work on both in terms of getting folks in the door and then also turnover in those less than 90 days. But the permits we've made go a long way to helping with that.
Keith Allman: Well, I think there is a number of things and there's a lot of people who have talked about this. The demographics I think plays a piece in it where millennials tend to be more of a do it for me rather than do it yourself. There has been a significant up few years in terms of renters as a percent of household formations versus owners and renters tend to paint less and then the products are getting better when code coverage, you know, a lot a lot more of our colors which requires fewer gallons if you go way back to paint primer and one that's a piece of it. I will tell you that our belief is that as these millennials start to get into forming families that I think that discretionary money has to make a big difference you know, if you're going to look at the cost to have someone paint your house versus you painting yourself on a weekend, I think that's going to start the scales as we see more formations from the millennials. So fundamentally when we look at the numbers that we look at to peg the market for DIY paint, we think it's going to start to come back.
Keith Allman: Well you know, we're only a couple - you know a quarter or so into it. So you know, we're continuing to work. We've gotten a lot of the productivity improvements behind us and we've certainly improved in our on-time complete in our fill rates. We've got an ERP system that we're continuing to roll out the last couple plants that we put that in have performed very well and we're prepared for that. So there's always more work particularly in continuous improvement to the drive - to keep working.
Keith Allman: Yeah, again, Phil, as we look at it we expect that that relationship should slowly improve over time. You know, as we talked about in the second quarter call we may have got a little price ahead of commodity cost and that's why you saw the expanded margins in Q2 and so we're feeling a little bit more of that in Q3. But as we go into Q - into Q4 into 2018, we will have to look at putting a further price into the marketplace.
Keith Allman: Obviously we can't get into specifics, we'll let you know when we do a deal. But in terms of our focus on it in the pipeline status really there hasn't been a change from the last update I gave last quarter and that is that we're continuing to work. We're moving attractive targets both in and out of the pipeline for various reasons we've got good volume. We've got what I believe to be a good spread in terms of value across. If you look at the distribution, the type of companies we're looking at, we're looking globally and we're looking here in North America. So good activity and we're continuing to stay focused. But at the same time patient. We need to find targets with the fit and the right returns before we act out them and we're continuing to work it.
Keith Allman: You know, as you know Bob we talked about 10% to 13% margins on the Investor Day. So that would imply you know, the top at 13%, but you know we're going to keep driving out there. We've got a great leadership team in place, a great brand. Good delivery, good fill rates and fundamentally a strong underlying market. So that 13% is probably not the limit.
Keith Allman: We think our capacity is in a great place. We have plenty of headroom to get up to that 1.5 million start level and commence - commensurate our growth. We really look at capacity as a cost issue more than anything and when you look at the type of capacity that we have with regards to say operating on two shifts instead of three shifts, that's not a whole lot of extra cost for us. So in terms of the decremental if you will margin that excess capacity would present. It's really not a big deal for us because we're talking about extending hours of operation across an existing asset that we need to meet our demand for our current demands. Our capacity is in good shape. That's right where we want it and we're excited about pivoting to growth and getting our KraftMaid, new product introductions working and getting our Merillat and quality brands humming and fundamentally as we talked about at the Investor Day this is a good business for us and we look forward to getting it back up to those performance levels.
Keith Allman: I’d like to thank everyone for their interest in Masco Corporation. And this concludes today's call.
