John Sznewajs: Yes, Matthew, very good morning. It's John. I think there are a couple of things that we experienced through the year. So as you expect the first quarter probably came in a little bit better than we initially expected. But as we look out to the back half of the year and think about margins, I guide you to think about two things. One, I do think because we raised our top line guidance, we now are anticipating a little bit better volume than we anticipated. At the same time, what we are seeing is a little bit more inflation. And so what – I think the two kind of offset each other. And that's what's causing us to maintain our margin guidance at 17% as we called out on our Q4 call.
John Sznewajs: Yes, so a couple of questions there, Steve. Let me try to address those. So first of all, with respect to the interest savings, I think for this year, given the timing of that transaction, it's probably about a $0.05, $0.06 benefit in 2021. Now that said, you may have heard in Keith's remarks, we talked about receiving some proceeds from the sale of cabinet works. That also then contemplates – we need to update our guidance to reflect the fact that we will not be getting interest income from that investment. So I think the net benefit there is, call it, $0.02, $0.03. So – well, I just want to make sure we're clear on that. So as you think about our rate, it's both the first quarter B+, the net impact of interest for the year. Now with respect to your second part of your question about price/cost neutrality, yes, you're correct. What we're committing to is exiting the year at being price/cost neutral. In terms of how that actually plays out through the course of the year, we're having pricing conversations with our customers. And so can't really give you a good clear signal as to when those are all going to flow through and hit the P&L. So I don't want to – I'm not going to give – we're not going to give clear guidance on Q2, Q3 or Q4, exactly how that flows through because those conversations are fluid.
John Sznewajs: Yes, John, that $40 million is still contemplated and it's probably more back half loaded. And again, it's all going to depend – the rate of that investment will depend on what we're seeing out in the market. If all of a sudden the market start to contract, we'll be – we'll temper that investment to ensure that it aligns with the growth that we're – that we expect to see.
John Sznewajs: Yes, sure. So John, as you referenced, we're seeing both inflation in our raw material baskets, really across the enterprise as well as transportation and logistics. And if you think about this – how we're being impacted, obviously, copper, zinc and the resins that go into paint and packaging have been up pretty significantly. As you – to get to your question specifically, as you break apart the impacts on the financial statements from either raw materials or transportation and logistics, the vast majority of impact comes from the raw material basket. If you think about distribution and logistics, it's a relatively small part of our overall cost structure. That said – and I guess I can repeat your statement. We do continue to expect inflation to be up kind of mid-single digits for the full year in both segments and up high single digits in the second half of the year. And as Keith alluded to, we've secured price increases across our product categories. We do have plans for further price increases to offset the persistent inflation that we've been experiencing. That said, we're not going to shy away. We're going to continue to implement cost productivity improvements across the enterprise as well and then work with both our customers and suppliers to continue to try to offset this inflation. So as we said earlier in response to Stephen's question, we do expect to be price/cost neutral as we exit 2021.
John Sznewajs: Ken, one thing I would point out is, given our international business, I'd say, over time, that we're probably slightly price favorable in plumbing, just because HANSGROHE does a good job of going out annually with price increases.
John Sznewajs: Yes. So Keith, sorry about that, it's John. So yes, you're right propane was a little bit weak in the first part of the quarter. We did talk about the difficult comp we had faced – the fact that we saw some positive growth in the back half of the quarter – I'm getting a little feedback. So we do believe there there's a pent-up demand, and the fact that people are getting more comfortable with pro contracts, we do think there was probably a little bit of a weather impact as well in the quarter. As the storm moved through Texas and much of the country in mid-February, and so as soon as we saw that passed, we started to see better growth in that business. And so as we look at to the full, the back half of the year, we do continue to believe that we should see high single digit growth as consumers are really getting more and more comfortable having these contractors coming to home and do larger paint jobs.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Susan, and I would remind you that, that our – the information that we gave out in our 2019 Investor Day had a lot of very different assumptions related to it. It was a very different environment. We assumed much lower growth for the period. So it was – I would not consider those as our current guide for the long-term of the business.
John Sznewajs: Yes. We – I think the way we think about it now, Susan, again, we articulated this on our Q4 call is that, continue to challenge our businesses to grow above market and continue to have our businesses expand margin every year. And again, it's not hundreds of basis points of margin expansion, but rather tens of basis points of margin expansion.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Eric. So it's a big basket of things that go into marketing. So things like trade shows that we obviously would have been pulled back and some of them are now beginning to come back online as people get back and some of it is advertising. Some of it is personnel. Some of it is investment in e-commerce that Keith referenced in response to an earlier question. So there's a variety of things that go into. And there's also some growth initiatives. To your point, there's some promotional activity that goes into that bucket as well. So it's a big basket of things that go across the entire segment.
Keith Allman: Matthew, there is a couple of things going on. One is the real strong – continued strong demand that we've seen in Q1. So the Q1 demand is certainly a factor. When we look at how we exited the quarter and how things are starting this quarter, we continue to see strong demand, a little bit more than what we had initially planned. So nothing is going to move those tough comps in the back half. They're still there, and we have to face them. But when we look at how demand is shaping up both in the quarter and then what we expect going forward and the fundamentals, that really was the rationale for us lifting our guide on the revenue side.
Keith Allman: Yes, good morning, Stephen. This is Keith. We are seeing demand stronger than we expected in the quarter. And we're also feeling better about the back half of the year. And when you look across the Plumbing segment, we have strong North American growth, as we talked about, and that really is across all channels. We continue to do very well in retail. Obviously, the DIY component is strong. Our trade plumbing business continues to be strong, and we believe we're maintaining our leadership and growing quite nicely in e-commerce, so strong across the board growth in North America. And then we're seeing a nice recovery in Europe, as we talked about, particularly in Central Europe. The U.K. is starting to get better, and China is really performing nicely. So it's been very broad-based, and it gives us confidence both now as we look at what we're seeing coming into the quarter, but also into the second half.
Keith Allman: Yes, Michael, the POS is strong. And as I mentioned, it's strong through the quarter and exiting the quarter, and we feel really good about the POS. And that's across really, most, if not all of our categories. With regards to the inventory position, the supply chain has been tight. There's no question about it. We've had disruptions. And hats off, frankly, to our operation team and teams really across the world to be able to leverage our strengths and also our relationships to be – and to work around the clock to move production around and to match production to specific demand and those sorts of things. So they've done a phenomenal job. Having said that, we're still working through some tightness. And I would say, probably and think about it from a Q3 sort of perspective that we will catch up and then start to replenish the inventories because our inventories in the channel aren't where we'd like them to be. So yes, I think upside to some inventory fill in the back half is the right way to think about it.
Keith Allman: When you think about teasing out the market in terms of DIY and pro of our two segments, that's hardest to do in plumbing because of the nature of the channels and the fact that plumbing wholesale does have some DIY component to it, and that we just – it's not possible to get that kind of accurate data in terms of that. But we do know that we have a strong mix of DIY – excuse me, of, call it, retail and wholesale in plumbing. Over half of our business is in wholesale, and wholesale certainly skews more towards the pro than DIY. So we feel real good about the mix of that business, in terms of being there to catch improvements in demand, be it on the pro side or on the DIY side. We all know about the strength of DIY. And we expect the pro to start to come back as people are more comfortable having pros in their homes as vaccinations roll out. Specifically to your question of demand, it really has been broad-based across all channels. Real good strength in e-commerce and continued strength in both plumbing wholesale as well as the retail, where we lead in terms of share of shelf position. So that's been really good for us. And international is a nice story. International, we talked about the strong growth rate there, our position in Central Europe. China is doing very well, understanding that there was a relatively easy comp there. But all in, it's been pretty broad-based, and that all feeds into why we've raised our confidence level in our guide.
Keith Allman: Yes, when you look longer-term through cycles of commodity increases and commodity decreases – and it varies depending on the nature of the cost. And we have inventory that needs to flow through before we get any sort of price change up or down to hit the P&L. But fundamentally, we've maintained and demonstrated neutrality as it relates to those fluctuations in raw material cost inputs and that neutrality comes from real solid total cost productivity improvements. It comes from us really watching our spend very closely. And of course, price is part of that. Now, in terms of the impact of how this could play out, in future quarters or into next year, it's a real volatile environment. What we're focused on is delivering on what we say we're going to deliver on and ensuring that we continue to drive on the exit of next year or this year rather to price cost neutrality and that's what we're committing to.
Keith Allman: My guests, Keith, and again, it all depends on some of the pricing conversations that we have, probably peaks in the third quarter, and we'll continue to update it that on our subsequent calls.
Keith Allman: Putting comps aside and just talking about output and disruptions in terms of what we expect, we think it's getting better. It really feels like it's getting better. We're not through it all yet in terms of the hard work that we need to do in terms of matching inventory to demand matching production, to demand and those sorts of things. Still a little bit of tightness and timeliness and containers as we talked about, but it's getting better.
Keith Allman: Yes. Yes, we're driving that and that's something that we believe in across the board of Masco. Yes, that would be true with Kichler as well. Kichler is doing well. The team is – we committed to working that business and positioning it to return to growth to 2021. We're ahead of that plan, the team's doing well. We're seeing good continued solid demand. Our new products are doing well, and the structural cost alignments that we've talked about in past calls are bearing fruit and the team is doing a nice job.
Keith Allman: Sure. We expect to continue to grow, obviously, as consumers become more and more comfortable with online purchases in our space. And we also continue to expect rather to continue to gain share. We believe that we're the leader in plumbing in the e-com market. And we've worked on a number of things to build and maintain that leadership, Susan. Product offering, obviously, is one. We have put our best and brightest talent on this. We are working very hard across our business unit to leverage learnings quickly, to leverage platform like product data management and IT space, to leverage the sharing of ratings and reviews to really understand what it takes to be on that first page and to get that second and third click. We're working hard to understand how to drive digital content and 360-degree spends. We're doing a ton of stuff there. And also, we're investing capital. We made an acquisition of one of the leading digitally-native brands in Kraus. And Kraus is a company that makes, I would say, more modern design sinks and faucets and the like. And we're learning a lot from them, and we're helping them be all they can be as well. So a combination of capital deployment, talent, products, IT, leverage, et cetera. This is important for us, and it's paying off. And we've been working at this hard now for five years.
Keith Allman: Yes. We're really not changing our margin outlook for the long term. There's a lot of variability in these dynamic times. We think that our normal SG&A spend of around 18% to 19% is where this business should be for maximizing value creation and continuing to invest in growth and our brands, et cetera. So no change to our margin outlook at this point. But certainly, we have demonstrated and will continue to demonstrate solid drop down on our incremental volume.
Keith Allman: Well, the DIY demand continues to be strong. Obviously, we've got tough comps coming up in the back half of the year. But in terms of the demand, the actual demand that we're seeing, it continues to be strong. There's no question about it. Certainly, the pandemic has increased the interest in people's homes. And we don't view the vaccine of the rollout as being necessarily a switch that is flipped as it relates from the work from home – relates to the work-from-home environment or the amount of time that people are spending in their homes. And clearly, the millennial demographic and cohort has shown interest as we look at first time DIYers, and we look at that cohort, and we expect that to continue. So yes, we have some tough comps coming up; no question about it, but the demand remains strong.
Keith Allman: Yes. We're getting better, and we were starting to approach that capacity – that full capacity, if you will, as we were bringing in our Mexican labor force to a greater degree and getting more output from that. But then we had these issues around resin, and there's tightness there. And we've missed some production on some selected units that require certain type of blended resins. But the demand there continues to be extremely robust, and we have a very solid backlog. That has not changed. And as we get through this short-term blip here from the polar vortex in Texas and the resin tightness, this business will start to quickly approach stated production.
Keith Allman: So we have a number of levers that we can and do pull to drive cost improvements and price/cost neutrality. We've used surcharges in the past, and we're certainly contemplating in using some of those here as we sit today. In terms of saying that every product will be price/cost neutral, there's just such variability in cost inputs, depending on the type of specific product, and I won't say that. But when you look across our business, we will exit this year in price/cost neutrality.
Keith Allman: Yes. I think from a dollars and cents perspective, the greatest productivity comes from volume leverage. And when you look at our consistent and steady and repeatable drop down, say it's 30%-ish in incremental volume for Plumbing and maybe closer to 25% in the Deco segment. That conversion efficiency is very helpful to us. Obviously, there's direct labor productivity. We have hired a lot of people. And as those people become more familiar with our systems and how to work, that naturally drives productivity. We're consistently and constantly looking for material substitution and value engineering where we can take a four-part assembly and make it a two- part machine or injection molding, that sort of thing. So it's really a combination of shop floor and labor productivity, working with our suppliers and making sure that we have the most cost-effective way to meet customer requirements, so we don't want to mess or miss any customer requirements. So it's really all part and parcel of the Masco operating system with a good dose of volume leverage.
