Timothy Wadhams: Yes. In terms of -- let's start with the Decorative Architectural segment, where Paint is. Yes, I would guess there, Pete, that we'll -- definitely see some pressure in terms of price/commodity relationships in the first quarter. As I mentioned, we're in the process of implementing price increases at this point in time, and TiO2's been very volatile. But as we get those prices in place, we should be in good shape as we work our way through the rest of the year. In terms of incremental growth spend, we do not anticipate any incremental growth spend in 2012 compared to 2011. So we shouldn't see anything incremental there. In Plumbing, we finished the year with a positive price/commodity relationship in the fourth quarter. On a full year basis, we were down in that segment about $15 million, and that really relates to the hedge. So in the second half the year, we started to see some improvement minus the hedge in terms of price/commodity, and I would expect it to carry forward into 2012. The -- copper's gone up a little bit, but our sense is that we'll be working -- we usually have about a 2-quarter lag in terms of significant price volatility there. So my sense is that if things stay where they are, we ought to see a more positive relationship and recapture some of the negative impact from last year. And we don't see any additional growth initiative spend in that segment either as we go into this year. I mean, there'll be -- there are programs that we're supporting. We probably spent about $25 million in that segment last year, I think, but don't anticipate anything incremental as we get into 2012.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I think, Pete, that's really -- or excuse me, Nishu, that's really a longer-term situation. You might remember when we discussed that segment in the third quarter, we mentioned that we closed 3 of our manufacturing facilities. And the real driver for that was really our perception -- and hopefully, we're wrong -- our perception that the recovery in housing in the Western markets, given some of the problems that they have, would be a little slower than it would be in other areas of the country. Now as we all know, that can change pretty dramatically, but that was really part of our logic, along with some improvements we've made in logistics and supply chain where we feel like we could certainly absorb the top line opportunities from those plants. So it's really more of a reduction in terms of what we think the longer-term dynamics are in the Western markets more than anything else.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. We were down in terms of top line, Nishu, at Liberty over the past year, but there's -- that tends to be driven a lot by very large programs. You win some, and then sometimes you lose a few. And we have been very active. I think we probably spent close to $5 million or $6 million related to new displays for Liberty as we go into 2012. We've got new bath hardware as well as kitchen hardware, cabinet hardware, if you will, that will be launching in that. We're using the Delta brand in a couple of situations in terms of bath. And we've got some really good programs going into this year, and in fact, they're off to a very good start in January, a very good start. So we should see some improvement in that segment as both Liberty and Behr are off to a very good start in the early part of this year.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. There are differences, Mike, and we did try to factor that into our revenue increase assumption. For example, from an Installation standpoint, typically, single-family is about $2,000 a job. A multifamily job is about $800. So there's a fairly significant change there, if you will. And you can imagine, in terms of cabinets, less bathrooms, et cetera, certainly much less content. So we try to factor that in. And I believe our assumptions are based on a mix of about 70-30 in terms of single-family versus multifamily. Our sense is that multifamily in the fourth quarter was probably closer to maybe 35% in terms of mix. I think on the full year basis, it was in the high 20s, but we've used roughly 30%. So we could be off there a little bit, but I wouldn't think that, that would be that dramatic. So we did try to factor that in when we estimated what we thought incremental revenue might look like as a deduct.
Timothy Wadhams: No. There are definitely initiatives, Mike. You might remember that we, probably about 14 months ago, replaced the leadership at both of those businesses: one in the United Kingdom; one in the -- our Danish facility. And so we've got new leadership in place. We've got, in effect, some new leadership team members, but again, in very demanding circumstances relative to the top line there. As we mentioned, we lost about $40 million on an adjusted basis last year. We've taken a lot of actions in the latter part of the year, particularly related to our Danish facility. We closed the plants in the fourth quarter, so that should give us some benefit going into the next year. And I did identify or mention about $7 million of cost reductions that we've identified at this point in time. That is not to suggest that we don't think that we can improve those beyond that point. I just don't want to get out ahead of ourselves at this point in time given some of the uncertainty around the top line and get any more direct, if you will, in terms of what we think is possible there. We certainly recognize that that's a big knot in terms of the loss, and we'll be working really hard to make that -- decrease that as much as we possibly can. I think I also mentioned that we got some pricing in the latter part of the year. We've done some things to rationalize our product group with the Danish facility. We've got some new technology in there from a ramping standpoint. So we think there are some opportunities, but still a very unsettled, very uncertain kind of environment.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I can tell you, Dennis -- I can go back and break it down, but you're right. International is basically kind of flat to down in terms of what we saw in January. But I can tell you, when we look at our Decorative segment, that is up double-digits. I can tell you that in Plumbing, that's up nicely going into the first part of the year. So most of the strength is at retail in some of our remodel activity but also some very good numbers related to the installation-related business. So we're pretty much across the board. I'd say windows was probably a little bit slower in terms of what we're seeing in the other categories, but some pretty good momentum as we move into February.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. I would say that the margin was somewhat consistent with what we anticipated, Dennis. One of the things that's kind of important when you think about the fourth quarter in that segment is that typically, sales -- second and third quarter's where we see the significant sales and tend to have a big drop in the fourth quarter. And because labor is a very, very small part of their cost structure, you don't get a lot of leverage in terms of the decline. So we tend to end up in what you might kind of consider under-absorbed overhead from that perspective. So -- and that's been pretty traditional if you go back over time, I mean, and look at margin sequence. We did have, as I mentioned, unfavorable price/commodity relationship in the fourth quarter in that segment. And so from that standpoint, I'd say we probably came in about what we anticipated when we went into the quarter, given what we anticipated demand was going to be. But having said that, we did get some really good traction, as I mentioned, coming out of the blocks and in terms of early 2012. Your question on paints and stains in terms of the composition there, this is more off the top of my head, but I'm going to guess that stains are probably less than 20% easy, maybe 15%.
Timothy Wadhams: We would estimate, Dennis, that we held our own. I think that we may have seen a little dip early midyear just in terms of some of the new product introductions that came out, but we estimate in the fourth quarter, we gained. And as we look at it overall from a full year standpoint, we think we were basically about flat in terms of share. But having said that, as I mentioned, we've got some new products coming out as we go into 2012, and there should be some opportunity there. The weather, obviously, has been a little bit helpful. So we're in a real strong spot.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. In terms of price increases, Keith, we have been able, historically, to offset price increases, either through working with our suppliers or passing them along. So for us, that's generally been the way we've handled that and haven't had a lot of negative impact in terms of price/commodities.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, we actually -- the way we look at it, Keith, from a -- and again, we can get a pretty good feel for residential Installation. Some of the diversified products are a little bit tougher, but we believe that we were up in share in all 4 quarters last year. And the fourth quarter, we had the benefit of both share gains as well as the increase in lag starts. But we mentioned a year ago or so that when -- we had some challenges in terms of 2010 with share. We talked a little bit about that. As we worked our way through the year, talked a little bit about adding some resources. The guys have done a tremendous job in terms of organizational alignment, training programs for salespeople, discipline in terms of accountability, and we're starting to see the benefits of that. We simplified the business. We've gotten out of a lot of the diversified products that were a little bit more of a distraction. And retrofit's going well. The commercial side is going well, so we're very encouraged, even at these kind of levels, in terms of what might be possible going forward.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. I wouldn't necessarily say totally Installation. I mean, I think we got distribution in that segment. We've got retrofit. We've got commercial. So when you look at all 4 of those together, I think all 4 of those were hitting very well in the fourth quarter. The Installation would have been a bigger piece of it because of the increase in lag starts and the fact that we've increased share.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, 2 years ago. And obviously, that has been a very positive impact on the marketplace. We saw some competitive product that claimed to have similar properties. And so there was a little bit of activity there and a little bit -- a fair amount of promotional activity. So that really took place more -- earlier in the year. And as I mentioned, we felt like -- that we might have been down a little bit in share but got that back in the fourth quarter and ended the year basically flat from that standpoint. And so from that position, we continue to be the #1 paint in the do-it-yourself market. In terms of pricing, going forward, I don't see that putting any -- putting us at a competitive disadvantage. Almost all of the competitors in that channel have raised prices over time. And that -- we don't control the retail side of that. I mean, we basically are implementing price increases to our channel partners, and that's across all customers and all products.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. Michael, that's really related to -- primarily related to our Hansgrohe operation, which is headquartered in Germany and which is international in scope. And there's a couple of things that transpired there. One is that as they -- they originally were a shower systems manufacturer, and they have moved more into faucets over time. And so there is -- there's a lower margin on faucets than there are in shower systems. So as we continue to see more faucets as part of the mix, we have a little bit of mix-related impact. The other thing that they do is they have done a very nice job of penetrating new markets, typically in foreign locations, other countries, and oftentimes go in with what I'd kind of describe as entry-level products, which often are more of an opening-price-point type of situation. And from that standpoint, what we typically see is as we enter those markets -- and they've been very active there. As those markets mature and develop, we're able to place additional products in terms of -- and move up the scale a little bit, if you will, in terms of price points. So from that standpoint, it's really a little bit like a cost for future growth. And that's been going on now for some time. Having said that, Hansgrohe had a tremendous year last year. They had record sales. They also had very strong profitability, but most of that mix-related issue is in that particular business.
Timothy Wadhams: I wouldn't necessarily want to predict margins in that segment. Obviously, as we get back to higher volumes, we've got high contribution margins. That will help us in that segment. But one of the things that is evident there is as we continue to grow in terms of our Paint initiatives, that tends to have a little lower margin. And so from our standpoint, our real focus has been on growth. We want to try to grow that segment. We're investing internationally. We're investing in the Pro. Both of those will probably have lower margins as we continue to develop those opportunities, but we think very, very attractive returns in terms of return on asset. So we may see, over time, some decline in absolute margin. But our thought would be that if we can grow our absolute profit dollars, get a good return on the assets, we'll continue to create value for our shareholders.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. Yes, we did not replace that position. Okay, thank you. And thank all of you for joining us today. We appreciate your attendance. Thank you.
