Timothy Wadhams: Josh, yes, what we really are challenging both of those businesses to do in North America, both our Installation business, as well as our North American Cabinet business, is to assume a relatively flat market next year. And again, we'll talk about that in a second in terms of where blue chip is relative to starts, and really pushing them to do everything they can to get as close to breakeven as possible. It's a little bit too early to declare that we think we can get there. We're in our planning process as we speak. We have not reviewed some of the plans and obviously, a part of that is going to be to the extent that we think we can get there, what are some of the things that we might not be able to do that might have some longer-term implications to us. So I -- we're pushing them very, very aggressively. I think the one wild card in cabinets is probably Europe. The environment over there is very, very difficult. And as we've indicated in the past, we've got 2 new leaders there that have been -- at Moores, and at development in Denmark -- that have been basically in the businesses now for about 9 or 10 months. And so we're pleased with the folks we have. We've got some additional changes in the leadership teams, but the environment there continues to be very, very difficult. So we're pushing the businesses very hard. My sense is if the blue chip consensus is right relative to housing starts and there are a lot of folks that are very good at projecting that are significantly above the 700,000-unit number for next year, if we get close to that number in terms of starts, I think we've got a real good chance to show some substantial improvement in both of those segments. And I guess for this -- at this point in time, I'd rather not get anymore aggressive than that. We'll be able to give you a better update in February when we get together on the fourth quarter call.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I think, Josh, you'll see us continue to invest in innovation. We obviously have been a leader in the do-it-yourself market, as Donnie mentioned, paint and primer in one, the color center, low-VOC paint. So we'll continue to innovate and work on merchandising solutions with our partner there as well.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. The announcement, Josh, was made in October. It will take us a little bit of time to wind those plants down. So that will be an ongoing process that I imagine we'll probably finish in the fourth quarter. But our feeling is with -- as we assess market conditions going forward in the Western United States, that we can serve with our remaining plants. We'll have 6 remaining manufacturing facilities in the Western part of the country and our feeling is that we can maintain lead times, given current market conditions with the manufacturing footprint that remains behind. We've done some good things from a productivity standpoint. We just completed and have -- the launch of the Essence products, which was a new product for us. But as we think about it, we think there's some things we can do more on a regional basis going forward just in terms of cost management and supply chain, and certainly feel pretty comfortable that we can handle the market demand, again, with good lead times for our customers. If things do pick up for a limited amount of capital, we can put another plant in or that type of thing. I mean that's not that challenging to do, but we feel very comfortable that we can handle the demand at this point in time.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I think, Josh Levin mentioned that in terms of Behr, where there have been some new competitive products, competitive price points, a lot of promotional, obviously, related to cabinets as you articulated. And basically, I think the environment, when you look at plumbing as well, it's pretty much across the board. Obviously, we feel good about how we're positioned in all of those categories. But with the increase in promotional activities, it's just a little bit more intense from ultimately a pricing standpoint as well.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, we estimated, Sam, that in the quarter, we probably spent about $20 million incrementally on some of the programs that we're launching. And again, that primarily was -- well, it's pretty much across the board. You've got some in cabinets. There's certainly are some costs related to plumbing. I've talked about that, the paint programs, et cetera, et cetera. And I would say that those incremental costs at this point in time, I would guess that will be able to -- you're always going to have new programs. And so typically, when you have those kinds of costs, there's an expectation that you're going to get some additional revenue on the top line. So the paybacks, we think, tend to be pretty good. I wouldn't want to suggest that we won't see -- well, I would say this, I don't think we'll see that level of increase next year. Whether we see some reductions, kind of remains to be seen, but I think it's really going to be driven more by our ability to continue to bring out new products and new programs which quite frankly, we certainly anticipate doing. But I would doubt that level would be much higher than it is this year because we've been running at a fairly high rate.
Timothy Wadhams: I would say for cabinets, it's probably deteriorated a bit. That tends to a be a little bit higher particularly. We go to the U.K., there's a lot of austerity measures in place. We have tended to serve what is called public housing over there, which is really like new construction here. And in terms of our ready-to-assemble Tvilum operation, demand has been down in virtually all of their markets. So I think there's -- that tends to be a little bit more of a discretionary purchase as well. When it gets to plumbing for Hansgrohe, we continue to do a great job of global expansion. We're seeing a lot more pressure from a mix standpoint, as consumers seem to be trading down a little bit for lower price points. And then as we enter some of the emerging markets, that tends to be at a little lower price point as well. Yes, I wouldn't say necessarily, I mean, it's always been competitive. And I don't know that I would say it's ratcheted up any more so than it has been in the past. But they've continue to do a very good job from that perspective. I mentioned our U.K. window business, we continue to take share there. And as I mentioned, we've got a really neat opportunity coming up that we think we're going to win, and we'll be able to talk a little bit more probably in February. But other than that, that pretty much covers the landscape, I think.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, let me make sure I clarify that, Sam. We have not given formal guidance for next year. What I did mention was that we are challenging our Installation business and our North American cabinet business to plan for an environment that does not show any lift on the macro side. So we're pushing them very, very hard to see what we can do to get to breakeven in an environment like that. As I mentioned, if we get to that 700, that is the blue-chip consensus. And again, we'll talk about our thoughts in February. That would certainly help that process greatly, but we're really pushing our guys to assume the same kind of environment in those 2 businesses that have been the most problematic for us relative to performance.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, as to your question as it relates to the Contracting Service business, Ivy, we've got a new management team on the ground that basically has been in place now for a little less than a year. And as you might remember last year, we talked a little bit about rationalizing some of the diversified products that we installed. Basically, at the businesses that we're talking about here, are not really core. We've tried to simplify that business immensely. We've put in a new ERP system and these businesses, given their product mix and what they do kind of fall outside of that area, if you will. So from our standpoint, as we looked at opportunities going forward, didn't really feel like they -- we're going to have a lot. We also had a couple of -- on the commercial drywall side, we had a couple of contracts that we recently completed. And those businesses in 2010, in aggregate, were basically profitable as well. And as we think about the market going forward, the opportunities that we have from an installation side, driven more by the installation install, we really think it makes a whole lot more sense to get out of those at this point in time. And again, with the new management team, that was their feel, and we certainly support that. On the windows side, that really is a result of our perspective of the Western market going forward. We have had several plant closings previously in the window category. But basically, given some of the supply chain work we're doing, some of the work particularly around logistics, distribution and freight, our feeling is that we can service that market with the 6 remaining plants, again, and do that in a way that maintains good lead times as well as service levels.
Timothy Wadhams: No, no. We've got the same gentleman who's running that business. He's been there for about 3 years. But, really, in terms of our perception of the Western market on a longer-term basis, we don't see a lot of upside, I guess, just in terms of where we are today versus where we might be a couple of years down the road. And as I mentioned, earlier, if we did decide that we needed another manufacturing location going forward, a couple of years out, it's not that difficult to put one in. But it's really probably driven more by our perception of what we think the demand in that area of the world is going to be over the next couple of years.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, in terms of profit improvement programs, Mike, related to cabs on a year-to-date basis, we're in about $30 million, roughly. And that would project -- as we said earlier in the year, we expect to be somewhere around $40 million to $45 million in that particular segment. So they continue to do a nice job there. In terms of negative price/commodity, we're probably looking at a little less than $10 million in terms of impact. I think we had about $5 million in the second quarter and we did comment on that. We've had a little bit in the first quarter and a little bit in the third, but not huge numbers. And in terms of the rest of your question, going forward, we have taken a lot of cost out and as you know, we've completed a lot of initiatives this year. We've completed the common architecture program, ERP system implementation, also the exit of the ready-to-assemble business, as well as the integration of the 2 businesses continuing to be on track. We do anticipate some additional profit improvement next year from a cost-reduction standpoint that I would guess, just if we look at -- and again, we haven't gone through the plan yet, but my sense is it would probably be similar to what we've done this year, somewhere in that $40 million to $50 million range, where they've been the last couple 3 years. So I think that covered most of your question. If there's anything that I didn't get to, maybe you can repeat that.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, about 2/3. We've -- we're getting out of the commercial side. We've got some commercial drywall that was into the framing that was into that $100 million that I talked about. And we've seen some really nice growth, Mike, on the retrofit side. As I mentioned, we folded WellHome into the Contracting Service business branches and we really think that those capabilities and lead generation, et cetera, et cetera, should put us in a position to continue to grow the retrofit side. That's been pretty good business for us. I think that's probably up to maybe 12%, maybe 15% of our top line at this point in time. So we've seen some real nice growth there.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, the biggest change, Mike, that I would mention to you is that we have launched a couple of new products. Obviously, we talked about some of the cost reductions to the plant closures. But we also have got less rebate hitting us in terms of our product offerings. We had a positive price/commodity relationship in the quarter in that segment of about $3 million. And most of that is driven by a reduction in rebates that have been sort of part of the pricing landscape, if you will. So my sense is that if we can continue to maintain that discipline going forward, that ought to continue to help the bottom line.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, we've been doing a lot of supply-chain work, Nishu, as we mentioned. And our feeling was having our own glass manufacturing capability, tempering capability, if you would, didn't really make a whole lot of sense relative to some of other alternatives. And my sense is we'll end up saving up a little bit of money by moving in that direction.
Timothy Wadhams: Right around $50 million. So we do incur expense for new opportunities, sometimes those don't hit the top line in the same period. But you can rest assure that when you look at some of the headcount reductions that we've made across the company over the last several years, a lot of that has been in the SG&A category. And I think as things start to pick up a little bit, there should be some really good leveraging opportunities for us.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, yes one of the key items there, Bob, you might not have caught this is that, that metals hedge that John just talked about is in that segment totally. And if you factored out the hedge impact from both years, last year, we had $4 million of gains, this year, $10 million of loss. You'd be comparing 14% last year in the third quarter to 13.3% this year. And so we'd only be down 70 basis points in the segment. And that is really driven primarily by mix, which I think I mentioned was about $13 million negative in the quarter versus last year. And also some program costs that, as I recall, represented about $7 million. Okay. Thank you, Bob. And thanks to all of you for joining us today. We appreciate it and take care.
Donald J. Demarie: Josh, this is Donnie. Really, most of our competitors have launched new products either 2-in-1, 3-in-1 products that are following our leadership in creating a whole new category with paint and primer in one. We continue to be the market leader in DIY, and believe we've held that share position in the U.S. by a long shot. We will continue to defend that position. We feel really good about our product, our brand and our performance, both on the top line and bottom line in the quarter. Certainly, we've had some short-term responses related to some of the new offerings and lower price points. And we think that's important to defend where we sit in our share and on the shelf with our key partner.
Donald J. Demarie: Josh, if I could add, we've been talking a lot about the work we're doing in the supply chain and manufacturing. And really, this is -- what you're seeing now is really a result of a lot of those efforts, where we looked at our supply chain and our manufacturing base, and which was primarily served to a local markets, and have regionalized our ability to serve in a way where we think we can maintain lead times and our service levels and take costs out of the business. So we're excited about the changes. Changes are always tough, but we think it's necessary in the current environment and, going forward, we think will serve us well.
Donald J. Demarie: Yes, Sam, I would add to Tim's comments that if you think about our exposure to Southern Europe, where a lot of the trouble seems to be focused, that we don't have a heck a lot of concentration down there. It's probably, overall, less than 2% of our overall sales. So not a big exposure there whatsoever.
