Keith Allman: Thank you, John. 2019 was a dynamic and transformational year for Masco. We mitigated significant tariff headwinds faced by our plumbing, lighting and hardware businesses. We continue to grow our plumbing segment with record sales at Delta, Hansgrohe, and Watkins. We continue to gain share and pro and DIY paint with our leading Behr brand. We simplified our portfolio with the divestitures of our Windows businesses and signed an agreement to sell our Cabinet business. And we continue to execute on our capital allocation strategy. As we enter 2020, the fundamentals of our business in our core repair and remodel market are healthy. Consumers remain confident and wages are growing. Home price appreciation is increasing. Housing stock continues to age. Existing home sales have improved and household formations have steadily increased. With these favorable fundamentals and our continued focus on executing our strategy, coupled with our strong balance sheet and liquidity, we will continue to create shareholder value in 2020 and are well-positioned to deliver on our 2021 EPS target of $2.80 to $3 that we put forth at our Investor Day last September. With that we’ll now open the calls up for Q&A.
Keith Allman: Stephen, this is Keith. I’ll take that and will talk about the coronavirus first. When you think about the revenue that we have in China, it’s about 3% of our revenue. So, I want to keep that in perspective. Obviously, China plays an important role in our supply chain. So, it’s important to us and it represents about 3% of our revenue. As of now and it is a fluid situation without a doubt, we are not expecting a material impact on our performance from the coronavirus. It is a fluid situation, as I mentioned. When you think about, first of all, in terms of our factories and where we stand, I guess, most importantly, none of our employees, as we know, sitting here this morning, have been infected by the virus, and we’re very thankful for that. We’ve instituted significance, precautions, travel restriction, hygiene guidelines, we’ve eliminated gathering and meetings. We have a small manufacturing force that started -- about 15% of our biggest factory that started yesterday and will be ramping that up throughout the week. So that represents about a one week delay from what we had anticipated due to the Lunar New Year. So, not a significant delay, but definitely a slower ramp-up than we anticipated. From a supply chain perspective, a very similar story with our biggest suppliers where they are ramping up, they’re bringing people back from the countryside where they were out on Chinese New Year, and they’re coming back. And there’s a planful ramp-up. So, right now, as I’ve talked to our biggest suppliers and to our own factories, we are cautiously optimistic, but it is a fluid situation. In terms of the demand over there in China, again, that’s 3% of our volume. And as you may know, a lot of the building products are sold through retail malls and small dealers. Most of those are still closed, and they will start to open up over the course of the next 10 days. Our sales teams are all working from home. We’re reviewing the revenue and the orders as they come in. We’ve reserved spots in terms of premium freight to help us maintain our delivery performance as we ship some of our products back -- to a large degree back to Germany. So, my point is, we’re taking precautions. We’re thankful that none of our employees have contracted the virus. It’s a serious situation. We’re taking it seriously. We have contingency plans developed. And at this point where we stand, we don’t expect a material impact on our business. With regards to Kichler, no question about it. Kichler has been growth challenge in 2019. I mean, the overall lighting industry was significantly impacted by the tariffs. And we were firm on our pricing, and we were aggressive, one of the first out in the industry in building products in terms of pricing for these tariffs. And we did suffer a loss of a portion of our private label business. And as John mentioned, there is a inventory rebalancing at one of our large customers that we expect to take place. And we’ve outlined the impact across the quarter. So, certainly, the tariffs were not expected when we made this acquisition. In terms of your direct question regarding if we’ve changed our improvement approach. We really haven’t. Certainly, there was a change as it relates to pricing for tariffs, but I’ve already discussed that. But fundamentally, we had a work plan to drive what we thought would be improvements in our cost structure and our total cost productivity. We’ve done that. We’re ahead of that plan and we’re going to continue to drive that and we expect to continue to outperform our plan, as it relates to productivity and cost. With regards to the top-line, it’s really about having the right products and the right commercial programs and relationship in the industry. And the Kichler brand is very strong, and we have in some cases 2 and 3 generations of customers that we continue to serve. And we’re focused on new products. And we’ve reinvigorated our new product development process. We just executed the launch in January and we’re receiving very positive feedback on that. We’ve looked at and we’ve tweaked our dealer programs to simplify and incentivize our dealers. And our Kichler team is very focused on executing this plan. So, without a doubt, there were some volume challenges in 2019. They’re going to continue through the first two quarters and then a little bit into the third quarter. And then as we exit 2020, we’re going to be on solid footing to return this business to growth.
Keith Allman: Similar answer to how I answered Stephen’s question. I think there was specific events that occurred in this business as it relates to tariffs and some losses in private label business and inventory rebalancing by a significant customer. As those things, particularly the tariffs begin to -- the loss of the private label rather begins to flow out through the year, this business will be on solid footing to return to growth. In terms of the specific strategies, it’s really about leveraging the strong brand and the deep channel relationships that we have in Kichler. And Kichler is one of the few businesses in this industry that have a broad presence across all channels. So, it is a multi-channel strategy for us. And fundamentally, at the root of that strategy is good products and great service. And we’re working through different programs, as I highlighted earlier, in terms of new product launches and commercial programs to drive incentives and to align -- not unlike what we did, as we revamped several years ago when we were down at Delta and went through this process, to revamp our product development, shore up our assortment, and make sure that our incentives were aligned to the specific needs of the channel. A little bit unique here in lighting is the movement to the e-commerce channel. And we have put in a leadership team, actually several players from Delta Faucet Company that were instrumental in driving our share leadership in e-business down to Kichler. We have a great team down there. And we’re focused across all channels, e-business, landscape, retail and showrooms. So, it really is a multipronged approach. But at the core of it, it’s commercial programs. I’ve said it but I’ll say it again, everything we do here at Masco is focused on productivity and cost productivity, and that will continue as Kichler as well. That’s a component of the plan that we’re outperforming and we intend to continue that. So, as I mentioned on my earlier answer, no significant change to the strategy. There were some defined events that happened to this business and we’re going to get through it. And at the end of the year, we’re going to be on solid footing, and we’re going to continue to grow.
Keith Allman: A couple of things that would be driving our 2021 performance. Firstly, we anticipate that the tariff headwinds are behind us. In terms of the overall market, when we think about R&R as we mentioned in the earlier remarks, we expect an acceleration through 2020. And we believe that will hold into 2021, based on improving fundamentals, increase in our supply and the strong consumer. So, with the tariffs behind us, the market improving and continued growth as we talked about in terms of market share gain and pro, DIY paint and our Plumbing business with that drop down together with our planned repurchase, share repurchases in 2021, that’s what gives us confidence in that $2.80 to $3 range for 2021.
Keith Allman: In round numbers, Mike, I’d say, let’s call it 90% of our mitigation actions were through price. So, that was the biggest lever that we pulled in 2019. So, that leaves about 10% in terms of the cost of the tariffs mitigated through supply chain resourcing, negotiations with suppliers and that sort of thing. We’ll continue to do that. The majority of our movement out of China is our existing suppliers that have established production in other low cost countries and we’ll be ramping that up, we’ll be moving some to -- in some limited cases to some new suppliers. But, that’s a longer term play for us. And it’s going to take a while to do that. So fundamentally, when you think about the mitigation, it was mostly price. And we’ve put that through aggressively and early in 2019, and hence now with the combination of the timing of the tariffs and when they hit and more importantly the flow of inventory through our system into the P&L. That’s why we had that overhang and that $90 million headwind heading into 2020.
Keith Allman: No, we don’t view it as a structural change. If there was anything that would be approaching a structural change, it would be the shift to e-commerce. But that’s -- we’re seeing that honestly pretty broadly across a number of our product categories. So, no, it’s not a -- we don’t view it as a structural hit. It was definitely a significant change. When you talk about an industry that’s by and large imported from China, we have the kind of tariffs that we had come into there. So it’s -- that’s more of a onetime event as it relates to the change, versus a structure. There’s -- it’s a significant component of the remodel process. And it continues to be that. It certainly is a design cue, it’s very design-forward. What it takes to win in this industry, as it relates to consumer intimacy and understanding design trends and having a product -- a new product introduction, process that’s solid, those things haven’t changed. So, we know how to compete in this industry. And the change really has been that that tariffs that came in, and we’re going to put that behind us throughout the course of 2020. And then, we’re going to return to a growth rate.
Keith Allman: I think, the industry is down. I think, the impact of the tariffs industry-wide has been in effect. We’re not -- we haven’t really identified any single competitor that’s particularly taking more share than another one, across the board.
Keith Allman: Phil, our pipeline remains solid. We continue to drive it. Overall, I would say that the M&A activity was a little bit slower in ‘19 than I expected with the global trade uncertainty and some of the business valuations being in flux because of that. But it seems to pick up -- have picked up lately. We like some of the things that we’re looking at. Most of them are fairly small. I would say that seller expectations still remain high. So, we’re going to be patient. But, solid pipeline.
Keith Allman: Well, we’re going to continue with that growth. We have a good drop down on that incremental volume. We’ll continue to drive that. So, I would expect that margins would be improving as we compare ‘20 to ‘21. 
Keith Allman: Our factories are coming up to speed. Really, that represents about a week of delay over what would normally be -- have been a delay related to the Chinese New Year. So, they’re coming up. They’re coming up a little bit slower than what they would normally. We have about 15% of our workforce in our biggest plant, for example. And that’s going to be coming into the course of the next week, week and a half. As I said earlier from a volume perspective, a lot of the retail home improvement malls and dealers remain close and they’ll be opening. Anticipated -- again, there’s a lot in flux here. But there’ll be a happening over the course of the next week or two. So, with China representing 3% of our revenue, as I said in an earlier answer on the Q&A session here, we’re not anticipating it to have a material impact on us. In terms of contingencies, as I said, we’re looking at premium freight to help us with some of the delivery so that we can maintain our outstanding fill rate and lead time proposition to the customers. And we’re continuing to keep an eye on it. We’re most keenly paying attention to the help our employees, and we’ve got different procedures and policies to make sure that we’re paying attention to that first and foremost. It’s a fluid situation we’re watching closely. And as I said, we’re not anticipating it to have a material impact on our results, at this time.
Keith Allman: I think, the weather has been pretty good, all things considered and what it could have been. We’re calling R&R at that 3% to 4% growth range and we see it accelerating towards the back half. When we’re looking at the numbers in the economic indicators that we look at, generally there’s lag from those numbers to R&R. So, we feel confident in that 3% to 4% R&R with acceleration in the back half.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Steve, good morning. It’s John. I think, the margin impact from the loss of a private label business is relatively modest, because it is indeed a private label program. I think, the bigger impact on the margin in the segment is due to absorbing the full cost of the tariffs here in the first part of the year.
John Sznewajs: Let me give you a little bit of color here. So, if you think about how the tariffs impacted us starting in 2019 and how they phased through our P&L through the course of the tail end of 2019 and going into 2020. We have about $60 million of incremental tariff costs impact to P&L in 2019. We expect another incremental $90 million to impact the P&L in 2020. And most of that $90 million should be in the first half the year. If you consider that $60 million started to flow through our P&L, kind of the middle of the third quarter and really hit us, the full effect hit us in the fourth quarter of 2020. So, we should experience the full impact in the first two quarters of the year. And then, it continued a little bit in the third quarter and this then should dissipate as we get into the fourth quarter of this year. So, we’ve implemented the pricing to mitigate the full $150 million of tariffs. But, we’re also continuing to work on margin recovery efforts through cost-out opportunities, supplier negotiations, and looking at other resourcing opportunities that we may have. The one thing that I should point out is we might face a little bit of margin compression, because what we are experiencing is cost recovery on these tariffs. So, we don’t have necessarily margin dropping to the bottom line. That said, we should expect to resume some margin expansion in the back half of the year, once the tariffs work their way through the P&L. So, hopefully, that’s helpful to you.
John Sznewajs: Mike, I think, there might be a slight misinterpretation. It’s incentives between ourselves and our retail partners, it’s not necessarily consumer-based incentives.
John Sznewajs: No. I mean, it’s -- the share gains we’re expecting -- as you recall, we’ve got now a pro paint businesses that’s now [technical difficulty] dollars. And so, it’s harder as -- when you get to the law of large numbers, and it’s harder to gain share off of that that base at the same rate that you are gaining share at when it was a much smaller business. But, we continue to invest behind that business. Our channel partner Home Depot continues to invest behind that business. We think we have established a very successful and winning model to attract the pro contractor into their stores and to buy paints. It’s -- and to focus them on one of the highest ranked quality brands in the industry. So, between ourselves and Home Depot, we think we’ve established a terrific business model here.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Mike. So, to react to your comments you have, one, I think your mouth is largely right on the pull forward and the bottom line impact. As we think about the growth in both DIY and pro, we do think we can outpace the market in both instances. We’re still -- even though we’re a $0.5 billion business now, we still have a relatively light market here and we still think there is further share to be gained in the pro. And as we look at our performance on the DIY portion of the business, again, because of our alignment with our channel partner at the Home Depot and the growth rates that they’re experiencing and the folks they draw to their stores, we think we can outpace the DIY market growth as well in here in 2020.
John Sznewajs: So, if you think about volume -- I would consider most to be volume. As we indicated earlier, with the impact of the tariffs flowing through, we kind of laid out our top-line estimates. I expect modest pricing, very low impact at all on pricing, because of the pricing we put through on the tariffs back in 2019, early in 2019, I should say. And so, most of that is -- most of the growth that we have outlined for you today, both with the Decorative Architectural segment as well as the Plumbing segment and therefore the Company in total is volume-driven.
John Sznewajs: But, Mike, I guess, as we -- maybe to supplement Keith’s comments here, as we exit 2020, we don’t think there’s going to be a net headwind. We think we’ve got between the pricing actions and the supply chains actions that Keith mentioned, we think we’ve got the impact of tariffs fully covered.
John Sznewajs: Maybe just to be clear. Collectively, the private label and inventory rebalancing will be $15 million in each of Q1 and Q2. So, total impact in the year, Mike of 35 from both of those actions.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Mike. So, with respect to the margins, we don’t break out margins by individual company. I can appreciate the question. As Keith mentioned in his comments a couple minutes ago, we continue to work and successfully work on supply chain and cost-out initiatives at Kichler. Clearly, the volume has been a little bit more of a headwind than we would have anticipated when we bought the company. But that’s about as much as we can say on that topic.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Sure, John. As you may recall, last fourth quarter is actually one of the lightest quarters we had in SG&A in a long time. So, maybe it’s more of a low SG&A comp that we are up against. The one thing that you may recall that we called out in the fourth quarter call last year as we did have a $4 million gain on a sale of a building, which did not occur, which would be a headwind against that comp. But, I think it was more just extremely tight or low SG&A last year on kind of a one-off basis as opposed to anything else.
John Sznewajs: I don’t know if you -- maybe I didn’t communicate right. But I think, if you go into Q1, I’d say there is going to be lost volume, we talked about the lost programs. And so, that’s going to be the main contributor to the margin degradation, followed by the tariff impact. Of the two, volume is a much greater impact than the tariffs on the margins in Q1.
John Sznewajs: There was a little bit of pricing in there. Yes. I mean, if you consider the tariffs, actually a fair amount of pricing in there. We put in place to offset the tariff impact, Keith, probably in Q1 and Q2 of last year. 
John Sznewajs: Phil, you may recall, we laid out 17.5% to 18% margins in that segment per our Investor Day in September. And we -- our thought process around that has not changed since September.
