John Sznewajs: Thank you, Keith, and good morning everyone. As Dave mentioned, my comments today will focus on adjusted performance, excluding the impact of rationalization in other one-time items. Turning to Slide 7, sales in the quarter decreased 10% and excluding currency decreased 9%. Lower volumes decreased sales by 14%, partially offset by net selling prices of 6%. North American sales decreased 10% in a local currency. International sales decreased 3%. Despite lower volume our strong execution in the quarter resulted in our gross margins expanding 150 basis points to 33.6%. This is the first time in seven quarters that we've expanded gross margins as we are now recovering the significant cost inflation we have absorbed over the past two years. Our SG&A as a percentage of sales was 17.8% due to higher brand and marketing investments such as trade shows and sales meetings to support our growth strategy of investing in our brands, service and innovation. Operating profit in the first quarter was $312 million and operating margin was 15.8%. Operating profit was impacted by lower volumes, higher input costs and growth investments partially offset by higher net selling prices. Lastly, our EPS in the quarter was $0.87. Turning to Slide 8, Plumbing sales in the quarter decreased 10% against the 9% count and excluding currency decreased 8%. Lower volume, decreased sales by 12%, partially offset by net selling prices, which increased sales by 5%. North American Plumbing sales decreased 10% in local currency. This was driven by continued lower demand that we started to experience in the third quarter of last year. The slower demand was fairly broad based across product categories and channels. Our Spa business, which is approximately 15% of the segment, declined over 20%. That has now worked through the significant backlog generated from the spike in demand for its products. International Plumbing sales decreased 3% in local currency against an 18% comp as demand softened in many European markets and China. For plumbing overall changes in channel inventory positions during the quarter did not significantly impact our results. Segment operating profit in the first quarter was $202 million with an operating margin of 16.5%. Operating profit was impacted by lower volumes, higher brand and marketing investments, partially offset by higher net selling prices. This resulted in a decremental margin of 19%. While input costs have declined from their peak levels, particularly container costs, overall input costs remain elevated. Turning to Slide 9, Decorative Architectural sales decreased 10% for the first quarter against the strong 17% comp. Paint sales declined high single digits with PRO paint sales decreasing mid-single digits against the robust comp of over 50% in the first quarter of 2022. DIY paint sales declining high single digits. Keith mentioned we gained shelf space with our adjacent product offerings such as aerosols, interior stains, caulks and sealants and applicators. For PRO paint we are investing along with our partner in our joint capabilities to continue to grow share in this large and growing market. Lastly, our operating profit was $133 million and operating margin was 17.6%.
John Sznewajs: And Matt, maybe to just add a little bit of color, further color to Keith's comments. Our prior statement was really that we would see sequential year-over-year improvement every quarter as we go through the year. And so, and what we intended to convey was that Q2, Q1 of this year would be better than Q1 of last year, et cetera, et cetera, as the year rolled out. And so as we look at our margins going forward, the back half of the year margins get a little, the comps get a little bit easier because we, you know, margins declined particularly in the fourth quarter. And so we think we can get there for each of the subsequent quarters from here, but yes, it will be lower than where we're at here in the Q1.
John Sznewajs: Yes, John, maybe I'll start and Keith feel free to chime in. So John as you know, kind of Keith alluded to answering Matt's question, we did deliver some strong performance in Q1 and obviously the 6% price helped, and this Keith also just referenced. A lot of that pricing benefit starts to subside as you go through the year. I mean, we'll say have some benefit in Q2 because that's been a lot of the pricing got initiated, but that benefit will really subside pretty significantly as you go into the back half the year. So with that benefit going away, that will have some impact on margins. And Keith also mentioned that we do expect you know, volumes to be pressured this year. If you think about the strong comps we're up against here in the first half the year volumes were softer in the back half of the year last year. So we continue to expect that down. So with overall our 10% guide to the top line being down, I think that weighs on it. And then we've got some additional investments that we're making. Keith mentioned the fact that we're continuing to invest in programs and initiatives across the entire portfolio, but very specifically in the PRO paint initiative. And kind of the last, kind of headwind we've got and is, we've got a couple of facilities that are starting up in the back half the year that will create some expense headwind to us. So that, all those things are kind of pressuring margins. Now and to your question, volumes remain flat could there be some upside of that? Yes there could be and I expect there to be if volumes remain flat, but that's not the model that we're forecasting at this point. Keith, I don't know if there's anything you…
John Sznewajs: Yes, and John, what I also can point out to you, maybe just add to, sorry to cut you off there. You can take a look at the business. We've grown this to a $900 million business. It's in a market that's sized, call it $9 billion to $10 billion. So what I like about how we're positioned, and everything that Keith just said is that we think we've got a great runway in front of us for future growth because of our relatively small presence in the overall market, even though it's a $900 million business, we've got a lot of opportunity to continue to grow this over the coming years with the -- not only the quality of the product, the initiatives, the people, the strength of -- the combination of Behr and everything that the team has done, along with our channel partners, the Home Depot. It's a very powerful combination that the two companies. And so we think that gives us a lot of opportunities for growth going forward.
John Sznewajs: Yes. And Mike, I guess what I would add to Keith comments are, while inflation may have moderate from the peak, maybe in the second quarter of last year, inflation, it's moderated, it's been sticky, it's kind of moderated at higher levels than we've expected. And so, that should weigh into how you think about higher price costs, cadence for the year. I mean, yes while it's going to be better than this time last year, it's still ultimately you look at copper, it's still hovering around $4 a pound. Some of our paint cost is, we mentioned our prepared remarks, we've seen a little bit of moderation and stated kind of elevated levels. We're still seeing some pressure in some inputs, especially like things like TiO2. So, I would say that's going to be an impact. And overall we're calling for kind of flat inflation now here in 2023, which is probably higher. Well, it is higher than, what we thought about at the beginning of the year. So because of inputs remaining high other costs like labor continues to be sticky, pallets, transportation continue to be high. As Keith said, while we've implement probably selectively here in the first part, it's going to be, we're still seeing fairly sticky inflation.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Mike, one maybe to address specifically one, a component of your question related to promotions, promotional activity. They're -- I'd say overall the level of promotion in the industry has been fairly moderate and perhaps similar to last year. And we continue to think we offer our price competitive marketing and we have a product in, and we think that there will be selective promotions, but we don't see it elevating or escalating over the coming weeks, months, whatever. To the extent our channel partner decides to pursue promotions that's their decision, but ultimately we will support them in that if that's the direction they choose to go, but that's their decision, not our decision.
John Sznewajs: Adam, as Keith mentioned on the call or on his prepared remarks, yes we're you working hard to keep our cost in control and keep our decremental and focus on our decremental margins and keep them around that 20% level. Obviously things could change if volumes were to deteriorate more significantly than we were forecasting, that could have an impact on it. But we're working hard to keep our decrementals around 20% this year.
John Sznewajs: What I would also say, Susan, is that event probably did caused us to add a little bit more caution to our stance and our outlook going forward only because there's going to be -- there could be some ripple effect through the economy that is unanticipated or unforeseen and so that's kind of the way we digested that event.
John Sznewajs: Yes. I mean, Keith, we've seen some degradation in volume. That said, I would kind of point you to the fact that we were up against a pretty significant comp in the beginning, from the first quarter of last year, a 9% comp is quite strong for this segment. And so, I think that plays into some of the volume decline that we saw in the year, just up against the big number from the first quarter of last year.
John Sznewajs: We didn't give commentary specifically by the cadence by segment. I would say that your commentary about the company in total, Stephen, is right. I mean, so what we said is year-over-year sequentially, we improved Q2 could be a bit of -- might be a bit of a challenge for us. But as we go into the back half of the year, things that, the ability to expand margins sequentially gets better because on a year-over-year basis, just because of the softer margins we posted in the back half of last year.
John Sznewajs: Tim, you had asked in terms of the competition. We're doing very well relative to competition in Europe, and we are most definitely taking share. Hansgrohe team is doing an outstanding job.
Keith Allman: Hey, Matthew, this is Keith. I'll start off and John, maybe you could add some detail. I think when we, when you think about margin and our performance vis-à-vis the outlook, it's really driven by volume. And as we've talked in the past, volume, incremental volumes, detrimental volumes are in around that 30%, 30% to 35% range. So that is a fundamental driver of what's happening to our margins. Additionally, as I talked in my prepared remarks, we endeavor to strike a balance here of managing our costs in these uncertain times, and we've demonstrated our ability to do that thus far and we'll continue to do that, but it's also important that we continue to invest in our business. So you'll see continued investments in marketing and advertising. For example, this quarter, we had two significant trade shows, which when added up our material investments for us that haven't happened in many years. We're getting together more as an organization in terms of sales meetings to continue to drive. So there's additional investments on top of the headwind that we plan on experiencing from lower volumes. And then there's pricing actions that counter that and we'll take, we have taken pricing and we'll see those anniversary here mainly in the second quarter, then a little bit into the third quarter. But so hopefully that gives you a little bit of an idea of what's driving our thoughts on the margins as we look to the year.
Keith Allman: We're not going to get into the specifics on the load end of the margin on these is very good. I think it's good business for us. We've been working with our partner, the Home Depot on caulks and sealants, applicators, stains, some of the products that we've talked about and as evidenced by the fact that we're rolling it out to additional stores, it's working, and it's really a tribute to the Behr brand and the team out at Behr and their execution, so good business for us. It's building. Clearly the main portion of our business obviously is in the liquids, but this is good and it's been a strategic effort for the team and it's successful.
Keith Allman: Yes, I got it. Just to create a little bit. I think the declining volume is the pressure on the margins where we could see some potential upside if we didn't see that volume decline. We had nice execution in the quarter. Our dropdown or decremental is typically in that 30% range, and we've done a pretty good job of that in Q1. And if we can continue to do that, that would be some potential upside. There's always an opportunity for commodity costs to come down. Really when we look at where they were in this first quarter, we haven't seen that deflation. They remain elevated. So we think we have our guide in the right place giving the, given the uncertainty in the macroeconomics, and we're going to continue to invest in our brands while driving and watching, driving productivity and watching our costs.
Keith Allman: Well, I would tell you, I think we are competitive as evidenced by I think 45% two year stack of growth in PRO. You don't get that without being competitive. I like where our product offering is. Now there is certainly tweaks we can continue to make to the offering, but as we've got the right price points and we have a very strong brand. So it's really about execution. And when we look at what's happened to the customer base over the last couple years when we've had this extraordinary growth, is that we've been able to, because of our supply chain prowess, get our paint in the hands of more painters. And what we're seeing and have significant data with regards to net promoter scores and customer satisfaction and how they view both our product and the total service offering with our partner, the Home Depot, it's very strong. So the challenge is continuing to execute, to continue to deliver on our brand promise and continue to have the right price and the right service proposition and delivering. So I think we're competitive and it's certainly we have tough competitors, but I think as evidenced by what the team has been able to do we're looking forward to the challenge.
Keith Allman: Mike, yes sure, Mike. As you know, I'm a little bit reticent to talk about in quarter and where that looked month-to-month as there's a lot of variability there if the prior period had a fewer days or if there was a load in for a new product launch or those sorts of things. So we tend to stick to the quarter. I will tell you that we did see a little bit of softening through the quarter and that coming out in April, it's fairly consistent with how we exited the quarter. So it's not that we're trying to signal what we're seeing in terms of something different than really, really what came out of the quarter is pretty consistent. It's more of a understanding that we're in volatile times and that we're one quarter in and we'll, as we'll learn a lot in the second quarter and we'll look at the guide and we'll look at, have a more informed opinion. It's just an extremely volatile period right now. That's what we're saying. Nothing at all about any sort of in-quarter or how we answered the quarter or how we're doing at the beginning of this quarter.
Keith Allman: I think we've done a pretty good job of recovering. We'll anniversary some significant price that we gave in the little -- mostly in the second quarter. I think the -- we've taken some pockets of further price increases in our Plumbing business where we need it and we'll continue to evaluate it. But I think the fundamental message is there's an anniversary of the significant price increases that we gave last year that will come into the second half and really the dependency as it relates to margin is on the volume.
Keith Allman: Thanks Mike. Certainly we have very solid competition in paint, and that makes us better. And we're going to continue to drive our investments, particularly in the PRO, but also in the aisle and in DIY where we're extremely strong. We've fared quite well. The last two year stack, as I mentioned is 45% growth, when you talk about the PRO, and we're going to continue to invest in that. We think we have a good proposition for the segment of the PRO painters that we're going after. And that investment really isn't so much a competitive response as it is a strategic plan that we've set out since this business was $50 million not too long ago, and we've grown it up to, as John said, about $900 million and so we're going to continue to invest in that. I'm not going to get into the specifics of our plans going forward, but we're going to continue to invest in it to continue to develop our service capabilities and to continue with what we already have in terms of strong net promoter scores and to grow those. What we've done today are things like buy online, pickup in store, ordering, expanding our delivery options where we do more job site delivery, certainly expanding and developing our outside PRO sales force, both at Behr and at the Home Depot. Enhancing our loyalty programs. There's a number of things that we've done and we'll continue to do. So it's a competitive business. But we're faring well, and we're going to continue to invest in it and expect to continue to gain share.
Keith Allman: I think you hit it, the volume decline, the price cost recovery dynamic, and the continued investment in PRO.
Keith Allman: I think it's understandable when you look at the massive inflation that we've experienced. And we were a little bit behind in getting that pricing in place, and it's no one is ever happy to hear about price increases, but the channel understands what we've all been through and also what the competition has done, so I think it's going quite well.
Keith Allman: Susan, I think there's an external and an internal view that we look at the usual suspects in terms of external data in terms of home prices and home equity increasing existing home sales, better-than-expected GDP in U.S., Europe, China, consumer confidence, those are the externals that we look at, but really our action would be more fundamentally triggered by what we see in terms of POS and incoming order rates. So that's really what we would key on to say, hey, it's time to maybe look at a different investment rhythm based on what the market is seeing. And that's -- I think that's the key, there's flexibility. And having activation points that we look at and having those plans on the shelf and of course, we have those.
Keith Allman: No, really not at all. In terms of inventory position, we actually -- I think it was small. I wouldn't say it was material, but we had a little restocking in our Plumbing segment where some of our bigger wholesalers put in a little bit more inventory. Certainly, we want to be ready for spring selling season and I think when our business leaders look across the channel inventory, I'd say we think we're in pretty good positioned for the level of demand that we're seeing at this point. So no real hesitation in anticipation of some sort of event or turn down as it relates to inventory.
Keith Allman: But for Spas, it's been pretty consistent and broad-based, Keith. When we look at product categories from bathing to accessories to fixtures, taps and showers, pretty consistent retail to trade, I would say that maybe trade held up a little bit better earlier on in the quarter as we were working through some of the backlogs and some of the bigger projects, but it's been pretty consistent. But you're exactly right, we have experienced some 20% decline in the quarter in Spas, now that's after a three-year run of some 50% growth. So it's been a real strong period of growth. And I think the new launches in Spas and the total new refresh of our best-selling line of Spas it's just fabulous. I think that's going to really help us compete in this challenging environment. But it's been pretty consistent but for the Spa business as it relates to decline.
Keith Allman: There's a lot of volatility that remains to be seen. Our current thinking is that we'll go to growth as we exit this year and enter into next year, but that certainly remains to be seen.
Keith Allman: Yes, Tim. I would say that we've executed better than expected in the first quarter, frankly as the supply chain has come around, there's still some work to do. We have pockets of tightness with some of the supply base. But all in all, I'd say it's getting better as the volumes have eased a little bit. Our delivery rates are improving, productivity, et cetera. So I would say, all in, while it's not perfect, it's getting better.
Keith Allman: There's -- there really hasn't been a change in how we're thinking about the International business, but I will tell you that the way we are thinking about it is that we expect it to have more volume pressure as we look through to the end of the year than what we've experienced so far. It's held up really nicely. And I think declined 3% against a strong 18% comp. So in this kind of environment, that's really strong. When we think about how we're looking at that for the full year is to be down overall high single digits. So we are experiencing -- are not experiencing -- we are expecting a little tougher top line environment there than what we've experienced so far. But that's not a change in our thinking.
Keith Allman: So the team has done a good job of getting our efficiencies in order. As you well know, in a period of declining volume that that is an ongoing effort as we work to balance depending on where the volumes go, our variable costs and how our shifts run. So it's -- the work is never done when you're in a volatile environment like this. But I would say that the significant amount of our inefficiencies that we've experienced associated with the last couple of years are fixed and behind us and the team got after honestly a little quicker than I thought they would. So that was a nice positive in the quarter. In terms of the specific spend that we'll have, we have a new plant start-up. There will be some start-up costs in our European plant that we're moving -- continuing to move forward with. So that would be a little bit of a headwind. And then the reduced volume and the drop down of that is the main driver.
Keith Allman: Yes. It really hasn't changed much. And when you look at our full year guide compared to how Q1 fared, it's pretty consistent across both segments. So I'd say not a lot of change, really. And again, we're 1 quarter in.
Keith Allman: They haven't seen anything material, Phil. A slight but not material, maybe a little bit of trade down in Europe in Plumbing. But beyond that, net for the company, we haven't really seen any significant mix impact or trade down, and our guide doesn't really reflect that either.
