Keith Allman: Thank you, John. 2020 was a disruptive year on many fronts and these uncertain times are far from over. While there is clearly much focus on these short-term dynamics, let me share with you how we are thinking about Masco for the long-term. Please turn to Slide 12. The repair and remodel industry is attractive with favorable fundamentals. Growth on average is approximately GDP plus 1% to 2% and is less cyclical than the new home construction market. Favorable demographics will help drive repair and remodel demand and we are on the leading edge of the large millennial cohort forming households. Older homes require more repair and remodel spending and the average age of housing has increased due to significant under-building of homes since the downturn of 2008 and the COVID-19 pandemic has clearly increased the desire for more enjoyable living space, which has led to increased home demand and remodeling expenditures. Masco is a low ticket repair and remodel focused business with market leading brands with product and geographic diversification, which provides growth and stability through an economic cycle. We leverage our customer insights, broad channel relationships, scale, diversification and our Masco operating system to drive innovation and make our businesses better. With our market leading brands, history of innovation, strong management teams and focus on serving our customers in this attractive industry, combined with our strong free cash flow and capital deployment, our long-term expectation is to grow earnings per share on average by approximately 10% each year. This is comprised of above market organic growth in the range of 3% to 5% annually, growth from acquisitions in the range of 1% to 3%, and margin expansion each year through cost productivity and volume leverage, and continued capital deployment in the form of share buybacks, which should contribute approximately 2% to 4% EPS growth, and dividends which should add approximately 1% to 2% return on top of the EPS growth. While 2020 was an extremely challenging year, we responded exceptionally well and are poised to continue to drive shareholder value creation in the future. Now with that, we will turn the call over to Q&A.
Keith Allman: That’s right, Matthew. We have our Masco operating system that has proven itself in terms of productivity and total cost productivity across our business units. We obviously expect continued good solid drop-down on incremental volume. So yes, our expectation would be that we would continue to expand margins. I think one point I would like to make, Matthew, is if you look at our margin and you factor out, let’s say, from – obviously 2020 was a very unique year. But if you look at how we performed ‘19 and our estimated guide in 2021 and you factor out some of that investment accounting for acquisition – or excuse me purchase accounting that John talked about, when you look at, say the middle of our of our guide, the drop-down that we are anticipating on this incremental volume is right in there in that 25%, 30% range that we have talked about. So clearly, 2020 was a unique kind of perfect storm for margin if you will, where we had good leverage on our incremental volume. We cut way back on some costs that we – as I have talked about before, we know that those cutbacks weren’t going to continue and that we need to continue to invest in areas like channel penetration, e-commerce, long-term connected home and those sorts of things. And we are going to continue to do that and we are going to continue to invest in our brands because it works. But yes, you are exactly right, we expect continued margin expansion.
Keith Allman: Really, it’s about the consumer and continued demand driving the desire to freshen their homes, to spend more time in their homes and to have their homes look better and the fact that we are hitting that sweet spot with a relatively low price point. So fundamentally, the high end of that range would come from DIY paint and continued growth there.
Keith Allman: We are doing pretty well. We are getting better and better at dialing in our factories given some of the restrictions. Who knows where these restrictions will go. I suspect that they will start to ease as globally the pandemic starts to wane, but we don’t know that for sure. But fundamentally, we are doing a good job. We are looking at growth in this business. And we had growth in the fourth quarter. So it’s – we are really happy with how the business and our spa business in general, has responded.
Keith Allman: No change in how we’ve talked about it, Steve. That’s for both. So we view those funds as fungible. And that if there’s an acquisition that we see that meets our criteria, as I said we are focused more on bolt-ons and close to the core. I think what we talked about with these 3 acquisitions is a good indication of where we’re focused and what our strategy is. But fundamentally, it’s that $800 million that’s fungible between acquisitions and share repurchases. And with our strong balance sheet, we have room. If there was something bigger from an acquisition standpoint that we wanted to go after, we certainly have the capability and the dry powder to do that. But fundamentally, we haven’t changed about how we’re thinking at it in terms of reallocating free cash flow.
Keith Allman: Yes, Phil, I think that’s the way to think about it. Like you said, we got better visibility in the first part of the year. It’s going to be tough to see. It’s a little tough to see right now how exactly things play out in the back half of the year. There’s a number of moving pieces, and it all depends on really how the pandemic and the vaccines unfold. And so – and then how that ultimately ends up driving consumer behavior and consumer demand. So you are right, more clarity in the first part of the year, less clarity in the second half.
Keith Allman: No, I think you hit that. We are experiencing some commodity pressures and some cost pressures. If you think about it, let’s say, mid-single-digit type inflation in our paint basket and probably lower than that. In our plumbing basket logistics, we are seeing some pressure there. But logistics is a low-single-digit cost for us, so that’s not such a big impact. And this is nothing that’s new to us. I’ve been in the seat now going on 7 years, and we have seen this several different cycles of this kind of thing. And we go at it with productivity improvements through our Masco operating system. We go at it with supplier negotiations. And because of our consistent investment innovation in brands, we are able to when we need to, go after it with price. So over time, as we’ve talked about, we are neutral as it relates to price cost. And there are some leads and lags in that, and that can go both ways. But fundamentally, we don’t view that as changing at all. We don’t expect it to change going into ‘21.
Keith Allman: Really, it’s demonstrated performance. We’ve got our strong brand – brands really when you think about kills as well as Behr. We have had and demonstrated that our investments in the Pro Paint area, is working and we are going to continue to make those investments. So, it’s really demonstrated performance on well our investments in brand innovation and Pro Paint growth, are working.
Keith Allman: Yes, absolutely. It’s more of what you’ve seen in the past. So absolutely, new products and our new product rollout for 2021 is strong, and we’re going to continue to invest in that. The brand and the brand strength, as it relates to advertising and various programs that we are rolling out both on – in DIY as well as Pro. And then continued investment and feet on the street and driving growth specifically with Pro. So it’s more of the same recipe of brand service and innovation.
Keith Allman: Yes. I think you hit it, John. We had a different perspective on top line growth as the main driver when you compare the difference between our Investor Day in ‘19 and where we sit today, but it’s also a combination of continuing our total cost productivity and leveraging our Masco operating system. So, long-term, a little bit different outlook ‘19 versus where we sit today. We’re committed to organic growth in that 3% to 5% range. I think we can add another 1% to 3% in acquisitions, buyback in that 2% to 4% range, and that’s how we see that long-term 10% growth in EPS. And then, of course, the 1% to 2% dividend yield on top of that. So that’s fundamentally how we are looking at it.
Keith Allman: We certainly saw the growth pick up in the fourth quarter, and I’m not going to get into specific month-by-month here. But it’s continuing into 2021 here. And I think, by and large, it has to do with residential repaint and consumers being more comfortable with contractors and pros inside their house. And I think that’s the fundamental driver. We’re seeing it mainly in the interior side, and we would expect that from a seasonality perspective. But I think that’s, Susan, fundamentally the driver.
Keith Allman: Yes. I think you nailed it, Mike. Watkins, we are expecting really solid double-digit growth from them in 2021. As I mentioned before, the team is doing an outstanding job of maintaining our high-quality and getting our units out and obviously, that’s a good mix for us, as we have talked about. So yes, good – leading the growth story in plumbing would be Watkins for sure. You are right, in terms of international and that low single-digit guide, that’s primarily our European business and that’s a mixed bag, as you might expect. We are continuing to see strong growth in our home markets of Central Europe and China and we continue to be challenged as you might expect as is everybody in England and Italy and some other locations. So, it’s a mixed bag, but you are right on in terms of the low single-digits. When we look across North American plumbing, we will expect to see really solid continued share gains across all of our channels, but a higher growth rate in e-commerce. And I think our acquisition of Kraus, the leading digitally native brand in the space, feeds right into that and gives us a lot of flexibility and capabilities to continue to outgrow that. On the retail front, we have been the leader in share of shelf on the faucet aisle for many, many years and that’s continuing and we are continuing to invest to keep that lead. So, we expect good growth there. And obviously, between our BrassCraft and Delta, very solid brands in the plumbing wholesale trade. So we continue – we expect to continue to outgrow the market there. So you’ve hit it on the head with regards to how we are thinking about international, Watkins leading the way. Obviously, e-commerce as a channel will grow faster than others and we are going to continue to gain share across the board.
Keith Allman: Mike, on the M&A component and to your direct question why it gives me the confidence, it’s a couple of things. First and foremost, it’s the team, the deal team. John is leading it and the people that he has on his team are outstanding. And they have demonstrated it by what they were able to do in 2020. As you know, even though these were smallish acquisitions, the workload and the work on cultivating these isn’t any less than a big acquisition and they were able to do it exceedingly well. So I am confident in the team. Secondly, it’s the actual pipeline and our MOS process of cultivation and looking at what’s available. So, it’s still a challenge as valuations really haven’t softened that much and that informs the need to stay close to the core and that’s our strategy. As I said before, we will look at bigger ones. But fundamentally, we are looking at tuck-ins where we can bring synergies to make our return work and we are going to stay disciplined, but that combination of a good team, a good pipeline, together with the discipline is what gives us the confidence. I am sorry, Mike, your other question was on e-commerce? Go ahead.
Keith Allman: Yes. I think there maybe opportunities for further acquisitions. And if we can acquire capabilities, where we can acquire brands in certain spaces that make sense, we will do that. But fundamentally, it’s about our existing brands and continuing to drive with the outstanding teams that we have developed and the investments that we have made as it relates to partnership with pure-play as well as the more building products associated hooked up with bricks and mortar. So we are going to continue to drive that. That’s where the lion’s share will be, but we will be opportunistic for other opportunities.
Keith Allman: I am not going to talk specifically about our plans as we roll this out. You will see them as we begin to grow. But I would say it’s consistent with what we have done in the past in terms of looking for expansion, in terms of adjacent products as well as adjacent channels and that’s something that we bring to many of these acquisitions. So, our focus is on bringing the power of our channel presence and our innovation to acquisitions and then learning from them, be it on online capabilities like with Kraus or with certain brands. So, it’s a combination.
Keith Allman: So Keith, no, just looking at the first couple of weeks of the new year, we have seen continued strong demand in Western Europe. Obviously, some of the markets are different. But in core Central Europe, Germany and China ahead of Chinese New Year, sales have been very strong. The UK, to your point, because of the lockdown has been a little slower, but we like the performance the first couple of weeks of the new year.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Good morning, Matthew. It’s John. I think you hit the nail on the head with your analysis. You are right, the two big things that are causing the decline in year-over-year plumbing margins are some of the spend that’s coming back in as well as the impacts of the two acquisitions in the segment for 2021. What else could impact it to bridge the difference? There might be – there is probably a little bit of headwind from commodity inflation, because as you know we don’t always perfectly match the timing of any pricing or any other actions we may take to offset commodity inflation with actually feeling the inflation through our P&L. So, that’s probably, but I would say that’s a pretty small impact overall.
John Sznewajs: And Matthew, maybe one thing I will add to Keith’s comments is – well, maybe two things. One is that as you think about the continued margin expansion, I think about it in the context of tens of basis points, not hundreds of basis points of continued margin expansion. And then second specifically with respect to your thoughts around the Decorative Architectural segment, recall that our Kichler business we have indicated that, that business we are turning around in a lot of the good work that the team has done over the course of the last year, year and a half there, will start to bear fruit in 2021. And supplementing that good work will also be some reduced amortization from the acquisition of that in the range of $7 million or $8 million on an annual basis. So, I think that also helps explain a little bit of the higher margins in Decorative Architectural.
John Sznewajs: Well, I am sorry, you broke up a little bit, John, you had asked for some of the drivers that would get...
John Sznewajs: Yes, John. The one thing I would add to Keith’s comments is that to his point, Mike and the team down there have reacted just tremendously to the conditions that have been dealt or the conditions dealt to them. That said, because of the strong backlog, we do expect double-digit growth from that unit in here in ‘21 compared to ‘20, so very optimistic about how that business unit should perform.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Stephen, it’s John. And you’re right. I mean, we did experience very strong growth in the Decorative Architectural segment and specifically in 2020. In most quarters, I mean, if you think about – even in the first quarter of 2020, the segment was up 9% and our paint sales were up kind of high-teens percent. And what we’re expecting now, Stephen, is on a run rate basis, kind of the strong growth that the paint has been enjoying in the last couple of quarters to extend in the first half of the year. And then, obviously, as we get up against the tough comps of Q3 and Q4, that growth dials back a bit. And really, Keith’s point, what drives us to the higher end of the range is consumer demand. If we see continued strength from the consumer and repayment activity, that could push us to the very high end of the range. If it doesn’t materialize, it could kind of in the midpoint to the lower end of that range.
John Sznewajs: So, with respect to your second question, related to kind of how we are thinking about plumbing margins through the year. Similar to a couple of the other answers we’ve already given in that probably a little bit better more of a benefit in the first part of the year because it’s just a way that margin shaped up in 2020. And then, obviously, we face much more significant margins in the second half of the year. And so that will – as a comp in the back half of 2020, I think our margins in Q3 last year were 23%, 24%. And so those tough margins will be tough to comp against and so probably not as good of margins in the back half of the year.
John Sznewajs: Yes. It’s a relatively small piece of the overall EPS guide, Nishu, because if you think about circa $15 million of amortization on these businesses, it’s probably a couple of cents.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Nishu, I think it’s pretty straightforward answer. I think what drove the margin down in the fourth quarter was kind of a couple of things. One was we had higher variable costs, just a higher incentive compensation cost, I should say, due to just the outstanding performance that the segment enjoyed. And then the other piece of it is we trued up some legal accruals. The two of those in aggregate, kind of came in at about $10 million. So if you have kind of view those as onetime in nature, you’re kind of right there as to where you would expect us to be.
John Sznewajs: So we did see favorable mix across many of our businesses in 2020. But it was a relatively modest impact overall. We saw favorable mix, obviously, in some of our plumbing fixtures. We saw some of it in our spa business, as we saw some of our higher-end spa sale. And to your point, we saw it in paint with a little bit better mix of DI – more DIY and a little bit less Pro. As we think about that as we go into 2021, again, I don’t think mix is going to have a significant impact. Could there be a modest headwind from mix in our paint business? Yes, but it’d be relatively modest. And I would say that the negative mix that we’ve been experiencing in plumbing in Europe will probably likely continue into 2021. That’s been something we’ve been experiencing probably for about 24 months now, and we don’t see that changing too much. But again, overall, I want to make sure you take away that it’s not going to be an overall significant impact to the business.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Adam, we are expecting a more normalized year this year. As you may recall, we and our channel partners have pulled back on some of the promotions, particularly in some of the major summer holidays in 2020 as a result of not wanting to drive too many consumers into their stores and preventing the spread of the virus. And so what we believe now will take place in and we will see how this ultimately plays out is that 2021 reverts to a more normalized year at least at this point.
