Keith Allman: Thank you, John. We’ve delivered a solid first half of the year and met key objectives we set for ourselves. We’ve demonstrated our ability to capitalize on improving market dynamics and our ability to leverage our industry-leading positions. With the spin-off of TopBuild complete, we move into the second half of 2015, well positioned to continue to drive value. We expect that repair and remodel growth will continue to improve at a steady pace. All new home construction will accelerate in the back half of the year. We’re confident in our ability to win in this macroeconomic environment with our focus portfolio, our commitment to operational excellence and our discipline around capital allocation. I’d like to thank our teams for an outstanding quarter. Your efforts drove great results. With that, John and I will open the call up for questions.
Keith Allman: We’re clearly seeing a benefit of Joe’s leadership and that entire team. Extremely pleased with the progress they're making and they are laying the ground work for this business to be even better. When we think about the outlook for the remaining of the -- remainder of the years, as John and I both mentioned, we believe this segment will contribute $25 million dollars of operating income in this year. And then we’re going to continue to drive the business beyond that.
Keith Allman: When we look at -- I will hit the demand pattern first, talk about that a little bit. We are seeing the new construction accelerating in the back half of the year, which is favorable for us. We have the leading new construction brand in Merillat on the cabinet side, so that’s positive in terms of the overall volume. It does come at a little bit of a leaner mix for us. So, we see some of that mix headwinds if you will in the back half, but we feel good about the underlying demand in this segment. Our KraftMaid brand continues to take share at retail. We feel very good about that. So when we rolled that up and we look at the overall year, we believe we will come in at $25 million of operating income.
Keith Allman: We can’t, Susan. The authorization was just put forward in September of last year. At that time, we’ve been very consistent in saying that we repurchased between $400 million and $500 million worth of shares each year. And so we at this point are not changing that guidance at all. We expect to in 2015% repurchase somewhere in that $400 million to $500 million range.
Keith Allman: It was a mixture, Nishu. When you think about the KraftMaid brand, we've had really nice success in the retail channel and with that, KraftMaid sales has favorable mix for us with good margins in KraftMaid and we enjoy that volume without a doubt. We also launched recently the KraftMaid Vantage program, which is a dealer exclusive product line that has exceeded our expectations. It really is hitting the mark in terms of the expectations and the service that it gives the designers, as well as the owners and the dealer principal. So that KraftMaid benefit in terms of the overall unit volume, as well as the benefits of the mix and the price point that we get out has been very fundamental to us for sure in the turnaround. On the pricing and the builder direct side and the Merillat brand, that's really, I would say a 50-50 mixture where we are getting good results from the price increases that we are taking out to the market and we are driving the business to be more selective in the builder direct business that we go for. And also significant cost outs where we've -- we are not only not incurring the cost penalties and inefficiencies that we had in ‘14 associated with the ERP system, but we are also driving new improvements in terms of raw material yield rates, machine efficiencies and labor efficiencies. So it’s been multiple areas that have given us this improvement both on the demand side, as well as the cost management side. And I couldn’t be happier with Joe and the team.
Keith Allman: Our focus is still on this year. We are going to continue to drive this business, make it all that it can be our target. We’ve moved up from $10 million to $25 million in the year and certainly we see the potential for this business to be better beyond that. But for now, Nishu, we are really focused and Joe is focused on driving this business this year.
Keith Allman: We’ve seen some favorable commodity read through in that segment. As we talked, we are committed to investing in that segment because it’s a great return for us. And the investments in that channel not only drive topline but they further reinforce our brand positioning and customer royalty. So there is a virtual cycle there. So, we are happy to do that. Our intention is to -- as we talked about, Q3 versus prior year Q3 to invest across a wide area in that segment from new program wins in Liberty hardware to advertising and promotion. We are finishing up the expense associated with the color centers. So, all in about a $25 million incremental spent, when you compare Q3 of this year to Q3 of last year. So long-term and in year, we expect this segment to be right there in the high teens around 18% margin.
Keith Allman: We did see a little bit of a headwind as you might expect in our exterior paint business in Oklahoma and Texas with all the range that they had. But when you look broadly across the country on a take repair, remodeling modeling first, we see pretty steady demand across all of our markets, really from a new home construction perspective, good growth around that southern smile in the United States if you would, particularly in Florida and Carolinas. So a little bit of regionality, but really it’s a demand patterns when you look across repair, remodeling and new construction has been pretty steady. When you look across our channels at retail trade direct to builder, we are really seeing some nice steady growth and in particular our trade and dealer business is strong both in a cabinet business as well as in plumbing. So we like the way the portfolio is mixed across both the demand drivers regionally and geographically. We are seeing some good growth in Central Europe. Southern Europe is starting to raise its head up a little bit and pick up real solid growth in the U.K. And in China, Hansgrohe continues to win with their brand and innovation and their strong dealer network over there. So a pretty steady story both channel-wise and regionally.
Keith Allman: We picked up share in retail. We feel confident saying that. The KraftMaid brand continues to resonate with the designers and the influencers, and it’s a great product and it’s working well for us. On the dealer side, as we’ve talked about in the past, it’s really as touch quarter-over-quarter basis to peg the market size there, but we feel we are holding our own and gaining slightly on the dealer channel.
Keith Allman: Our core is doing very well as well, Bob. The new color centers, while the installation has just completed in June for those color centers that have been in for a full quarter, we are seeing nice lift. The product is resonated and we are really looking for it, as we move into third quarter to leveraging and overlaying at nice ad spend onto that new merchandising and the new products altogether. So we think it’s a nice 123 punch to drive us into the quarter and finish the year. In terms of how much of our success here is share versus end market growth, that’s as you know difficult again to peg the size of these markets and it’s tough to parse that out, but we feel very good about both the underlying economics around the repair, remodeling and particularly this size ticket with paint. And we also feel very good about how we’re delivering from a merchandizing product and customer satisfaction customer experience standpoint.
Keith Allman: Yes, Bob, I think the second half of this year will tell us more about the trajectory of this business.
Keith Allman: Yes. Okay. Sorry. That’s my fault. Just quickly in cabinets, obviously the improvement we saw this quarter was impressive. Can you talk about how the improvement shaped up over the course of the quarter for example? Was your sort of exit rate in the quarter in terms of the way the efficiencies were coming together running at a higher rate than maybe even what we saw in this quarter? Or would you characterize sort of the improvements that were achieved in the quarters being maybe a little bit lumpy somewhere tied to specific initiatives or specific improvements that sort of occurred helter-skelter throughout the quarter. If you could just give us a sense for what that look like so we can be thinking about how things shape up from here.
Keith Allman: George, I think you reconciled our investment in the upcoming quarter and out quarters by taking a long view in the segment. We believe that fundamentally R&R is going to grow in the 4% to 6% range, so that’s good growth for us. We have a leading position and a great partner. And we’re integrating merchandising with product and advertising, and that’s a good story. So when we think about the investments in this, we don’t think so much quarter by quarter, while we do want to be transparent and allow you to do the modeling as accurately as you can, we really take a longer-term view of this. And we like the segment and we like our growth potential in it.
Keith Allman: Mike I’ll start with cost. I think that’s the biggest bar in [Parado] [ph] and in that, there is lack of spend on the efficiencies that we had versus prior year with the ERP and then real robust if you will new cost outs around productivity scrap yield, those sorts of things. So that’s the first bar. Volume would be the next one. Volume was a nice contributor for us in the quarter and we expect that to continue in that the third and the [Parado] [ph] bar would be mix.
Keith Allman: I think its more on the demand side, particularly as we see the new construction accelerating the back half that mix tends to be less profitable for us, let say, more repair and remodeling driven mix. So as new construction grows there is a faster clip in the back half, which we expect R&R, that would be a mix, there is also the seasonality that’s inherent in the business.
Keith Allman: I feel better about the performance than I expected. We’ve guided the $10 million of profitability in ‘15 and now we’re more than doubling that. So I pleasantly surprised by the, not surprised but feel good about the work that Joe and his team have done. We haven’t looked at all and we're not really thinking about any kind of potential portfolio moves, what we are really doing is driving this business for this year, that’s Joe’s charge and as you can see, he is taking that out fulfill.
Keith Allman: In terms of the in-quarter trend, when you pill back some of the inventory fluctuations that are natural, whether you're talking about system load for a promotion or just some natural fluctuations that can happened in the channel, you pull out FX. It really was remarkably steady eddy through the quarter in terms of a month by month look. So, I would characterize to your first question in terms of the in-quarter trend is being remarkably steady.
Keith Allman: Yeah. Same story over in Europe, pretty level and we like that. This type of demand increase and this type of macroeconomics bode well for us. We have the capacity in place from a brick-and-mortar standpoint with our significant capital investment to support this kind of growth. And then with this kind of steady nature of it, our people systems respond very well to that, in terms of retaining and training our staff. So that we can maintain our customer satisfaction levels and quality levels and do it in a way that it is a reasonable amount of overtime and avoiding fixed spikes in premium freight and logistics hit so. We like this types of steady good momentum on the growth side. Don’t really want to comment about what’s happening, what competitor’s moves we’re focused in terms of those impact. We’re focused on being the best channel partner we can be for The Home Depot and being the best paint supplier we can be for the consumer and it’s working. The color centers were just really finalized and put it in June. So it’s too early to tell, but for those centers that have been in a while particularly the ones that have been in for sometimes up in Canada, we are seeing all of our research that we’ve conducted with The Home Depot. We’re seeing it pay off. It’s a better mousetrap, a better merchandising solution that takes into account how the buyer has changed overtime and we’re excited about it.
Keith Allman: On the market side, Eric, we feel good about R&R. There is a basket of indicators that are all positive, when you look at employment levels, consumer confidence, household formations and importantly, it’s improving values of existing homes, which is a key driver for this segment. So, you couple those indicators with what we believe to be pent-up demand where people have put off these types of purchases, and they can now connect with that in terms of return on investment in their homes. We think there is good steady R&R growth that we’re looking at. In terms of our share, clearly, we’re doing well in the home centers. We’ve been steady in our promotional strategies as you recall a couple quarters ago, we talked about fine tuning that. And we've gotten to a very nice place where it’s productive for us in terms of driving demand but it's also very is profitable and is sustainable. So, I wouldn’t characterize our promotion activity as really much different from prior quarters. I mean, it is continuing to work. You supplement that with some of our targeted new product introductions both into dealer as well as in the retail channels, it’s all contributed.
Keith Allman: I think we're seeing it improving. I know we’re seeing it improving. The pent-up demand is starting to release, we believe together with all those other macros. So whether or not this large ticket is the way up to the rest of the market, tough for me to say but we certainly are seeing it improving. And we are seeing it across the board, which gives me confidence. We’re seeing it in our window business where we are having nice success with our higher end of the range there. We are certainly seeing it in plumbing as we drive our assortment and we pay better attention to the showroom channel. So, we are seeing good uplift there in terms of ticket. And you look at Watkins, I mean, you don't get much more discretionary than expenses far and we are really doing well, record quarter in that business. So when you look at it, when I look at it from a number of different angles to try to get a feel for in particular big-ticket on the cabinet side is starting to unleash a little bit, I said yeah, it is and we like it.
John Sznewajs: So Mike -- no, to answer your question directly, we continue to believe that this is going to be a high teens margins business. Really what happened and what’s driving a lot of the spend is as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we had the 4th of July event that took place. Typically, it’s a 10-day event, it was a 5-day event this year with Home Depot on the 4th of July holiday. And we just had the benefit in the quarter of all the sales related to that promotion but not on the expense. And so we don't think the total expense that we incurred last year is going to be any different than the expense that we incurred this year. We still incurred and it’s going to be the shorter window of time. And so that’s what’s driving the amount of that expense. So I still think even for Q3, even with this $25 million of incremental expense that we talk about, I think you’ll still see high teens margins from this segment.
John Sznewajs: And Susan, maybe to supplementing Keith’s comments a little bit, basically we are looking at this segment and really spoke about the segment in our Investor Day and we thought we delivered about $10 million of operating profit for the full year. And so we think that this is -- given the strength of the second quarter that we experienced and given what Keith just talked about the strength of the second half that we see, we think that the $25 million new target that we are focused on is a material move upward from where we were before.
John Sznewajs: Keith, it is John. In terms of what we are seeing in terms of inputs to plumbing, cooper has been a little bit volatile over the course of the last couple of quarters mostly on a downward trend. But with some of the new legislation that’s out there related to brass and the like, so it’s changing some of our mix of product. There is some new legislation out there in term of flow rates in California, given the drop. We are coming up with some new products and so we need to introduce and are require to be introduced. So, we feel good about that.  I also -- as the comps grow, as we look at our international sales, they end up buying their brass and their copper in U.S. dollars, so that will have a slightly negative impact on -- as we look forward, I don’t think it’s going to be that material at all. So, I feel really good about where we stand in terms of our position. We are really pleased though, I should say about the progress we are making in the trade channel, both of our Delta and our Brizo brands as we mentioned earlier, we are seeing really good sales through that channel right now.
John Sznewajs: Well, it’s tough to nail it down to a timeframe. I hate to do that here. I would tell you that I think this business, we’re going to continue to drive it through the year to that $25 million and then there is upside for that.
John Sznewajs: Stephen, it’s John here. I would say that the improvement over the quarter was pretty consistent. I know it’s upward trended and things had developed. Obviously, the sales were kind of picked up seasonally in this segment. And so I think the improvement is going to follow that seasonal sales level.
John Sznewajs: Stephen, I would try to interpret it that way. The material benefit was far less than that in the quarter. Again, remember we had a lot -- a fair amount of promotion that we didn’t spend in the quarter. So I wouldn’t try to interpret it that way.
John Sznewajs: Yes, George, good question. One of the things that we’ve been focused on for the last several years is our SG&A expense in total. And to your point, we have seen some of that benefit flow through over the course of last several quarters and it really manifested itself well here in the second quarter of this year. Not much of the benefit I would tell you comes from currency, just the way that our operations were. So I would say most of it is fundamentally structural. Lot of it we think had to do with some of the cost out initiatives that we initiated over the last several years. I would tell you under Keith’s leadership, under the new initiative team we are highly focused on managing our cost structure. And so I think cost control, cost containment is one of the things that we speak about regularly and on an internal basis. And so, is there further upside from here? Yes, we think so. But is there going to be a fundamental leg up from here? No, I don’t think that you will see that. I think you’ll just see regular consistent performance continuing to drive our SG&A lower. Some of that will come. Obviously, volume will help improve that metric as well. So as we grow over time, I think we can leverage kind of our fixed cost SG&A base pretty well. So we look forward to improving that metric over the course of the next several years and we’ll keep you informed as we make progress.
John Sznewajs: That’s right. Obviously selling will flex a little bit as sales grow. But the G&A component of SG&A, we think we’ve got pretty tight level that we won’t need to invest incrementally to grow the business.
John Sznewajs: Sure, Mike. In terms of the general corporate expense, I do think the $100 million number is kind of our new run rate down from where we’ve been historically, $5 million or $20 million to $30 million. So we feel really good about what we’re accomplishing on, the cost control on the general corporate side of things. And to your point about the go-forward, we don’t see it materially changing from here. Could there be some inflation, yes, what we try to offset that inflation, whether its wage or healthcare or whatever through productivity absolutely we are going to try to do that. So we like to think $100 million is a good number. So in terms of the tax rate, yeah, we did one unusual item flow through the tax rate this quarter. They had to do with an unusual item related to the spin where we had doing -- it actually had to do with TopBuild but we have to incur through continuing ops on our side, so it’s kind of an one-time event. But to your point, I know it’s about an $18 million item that flowed into our tax rate. To your point long-term, I will think about this is a 36% tax rate, that should be our long-term tax rate for back half of this year really going forward into 2016.
John Sznewajs: No, no. Stephen, in terms of cash flow, the only thing that’s going to be unique this year is obviously why the $200 million dividend from TopBuild that we got in the second quarter from them. But beyond that, it should be relatively normalized cash flows in terms of, I think you brought the questions on capital allocations. Our priorities really haven’t changed much from what we discussed at our Investor Day. Obviously, we continue to invest in the business is our first priority and as Keith referenced we have a relatively low investment requirements for that. Beyond that, we talk about paying down a little bit of debt next year, also balancing that with acquisitions and shareholder friendly requirements. Obviously, we just announced the dividend increase, about 6% dividend increase effective about the fourth quarter. So that will be a slight use of cash but it shouldn’t be significant just given our share repurchase activities. The overall cash outflow impact isn’t changing significantly or so. We feel really good about our cash flows. In terms of ‘16, again I don’t think we’re going to change all that much for 2016. And I think we’ll continue to focus on investing the business share repurchases acquisitions to continue to grow the business. So I think a very consistent message you’ll hear from us over the course of the next two to three years.
