Keith Allman: Well, clearly, John, volume is the main driver, and we're seeing a consistent performance in North America, if you will, in terms of against our expectations. We did expect to see somewhat of an increase, if you will, in the slowdown in Europe, and we did see that. So while our first quarter in Europe, I think it was down 3%, we expected that to accelerate as we saw that Europe was lagging a little bit in demand, and that has come to fruition. So when we think about our overall guidance, I'd divide it into a couple of pieces. One, in terms of the overall top line, as expected, it's coming in as we anticipated. So no real change there. I would tell you that our performance and our execution was stronger than expected. And so we had better margin performance coming through in the first half. And so that, I would say, John, are the components of it. We kind of -- as expected on the top line, and a little bit better than expected in terms of our performance.
Keith Allman: Michael, I think the opportunity is to continue to drive full loyalty. That's a loyal group. And over the past three years, we have gained significant confidence and, of course, significant share when you look at our growth versus the market. So, we very closely monitor customer experience with our product. And it's clear when we look at Net Promoter Scores and other metrics that they're very satisfied with the switch that they have made to either greater share of wallet or trying Behr for the first time. So, it's really about continuing to stay focused as we have, frankly, for the last decade on improving month-over-month, quarter-over-quarter, our capabilities in the service and generating greater loyalty. So, things like buy online and pick up in store, an expansion of our delivery options, our PRO outside sales force, continuing to figure out ways that we can work more closely together with the folks at The Home Depot to drive better loyalty, enhancing our actual loyalty programs, so things of that nature. Our capacity is also a component of that as we saw when we're able to provide outstanding delivery in spite of what happens in the supply chain, that's a big plus for us. And so that's part and parcel of the rationale for our new plant in Ohio. So enhancing our services, identifying new capabilities, focus on the PRO, strengthening our relationship every day with The Home Depot, that's really the story.
Keith Allman: We're going to lap the majority of our prices in the back half of the year. So we have, certainly, have seen an improvement in the first half. And we'll be netting the -- or lapping the majority of our price increases that we've given in really coming here in the third quarter, soon in the third quarter. And then we had another -- a couple of incremental price increases late in the year. So we'll have a little bit of net impact. But that -- the impact of price/cost is going to certainly be less in the second half. 
Keith Allman: I think with our reconfigured portfolio of lower-ticket products, I think that really helps to mitigate the large swings that you may see in bigger-ticket items.
Keith Allman: So, for the full year, that would put our DIY business expected to decrease in the high single-digits.
Keith Allman: Mike, as you know, we're always focused on driving total cost productivity, continuous improvement on a day-to-day basis, better negotiation with our suppliers. And we're driving our service proposition to continue to push profitable mix as winning Showroom Supplier of the Year from a significant wholesaler shows that we're doing just that. So, there's other levers to pull to continue to drive on a day-to-day basis margin enhancement, and we're doing that. But clearly, with our strong innovation and brands and the ability for us to price and get that drop down in, say, that 25%, 30%, the biggest lever is incremental volume. .
Keith Allman: Sure. I'll begin by saying that we believe in our wellness business. We believe in it because it has an outstanding team. It's a great brand, a great set of brands, and we have an inherent tailwind in North America in particular here, but globally, as it relates to wellness and the mental and physical health aspects of living better and utilizing machines like we have and brands like we have to get that done. So, we like the space. And this is a small bolt-on acquisition. It's consistent with our capital allocation and our acquisition strategy to have smaller bolt-ons in paint and plumbing where we can drive leverage, and this does just that. It's a sauna company based in Finland. The cost of this was €125 million. The leverage that we intend to use, not only is our operational capabilities and continuous improvement in our production system, but fundamentally, our dealer network for Watkins that we have in North America. And we've demonstrated the ability to do this as we ventured into, frankly, when we went into a different brand originally with hot tubs, and then when we went into swim spas, and now in to saunas. And so this fits very nicely with our overall strategy and with the capabilities and improvements that we can bring to the business. We pay less than Masco's multiple. It's small. It will add about 1% of growth overall, modestly accretive to EPS. It's a smaller bolt-on. It's not in our guidance since we haven't closed yet. We're going to fund it out of cash on hand, maybe a little bit of short-term borrowing. But we're excited about how this can leverage our dealer network, how it continues to keep us in the forefront with things to talk about and to sell and build our brands. And this team is going to handle it very well.
Keith Allman: These businesses really have been impacted by the market softness as all of our businesses have. I'd say that for Q2, they were down in that 20% range. We expect them -- they've taken price. We're working on cost actions as we are across the entire portfolio. I would say that to expect these businesses to perform roughly in line with our low double-digit volume decline expectations of the R&R market.
Keith Allman: Still seeing -- you know in North America, we saw -- really earlier we saw the volume start to turn down. So, volume and topline challenged in Europe. Europe was down only about 3% in Q1 and then started to accelerate as expected. So, we're in both North America and Europe in Plumbing, we're experiencing volume challenges. I would say very solid execution. We're really driving good price/cost realization, getting our supply chain back in tune and providing the service levels and the productivity and cost efficiency. That was a real driver. So, when we think about our performance versus expectation as we said earlier in the call, not kind of where we expect it to be, but our performance particularly in plumbing is better than expected. We quickly got after the cost, we’re driving productivity, and the team is doing a great job in both North America and Europe.
Keith Allman: When we talk about low inflation, that includes everything, all-in, in the cost basket. Specifically to your question that on raw's, yeah there's different levels of vertical integration, some different supply chains that are used. So there's differences to how we manufacture and certainly a difference in the distribution cost structure and how we go to market. So there's a couple of big differences there.
Keith Allman: Yeah. In general, I'd say the level of promotions industry-wide has been moderate and somewhat similar to last year. We are seeing some more selective events and promotions on certain items. We, obviously, work with our partner on events and promotions that we think will drive and help profitable sales. But ultimately, it's our channel partners' decision on the promotional environment. But I’d say it’s similar to maybe a little bit in spotty cases a little bit in essence specific promotions as I imagine a little bit more, but not terribly.
Keith Allman: It's really about service, Keith. It's 10 years ago when we started this, we made a list of the things that we could do to improve the service for the PRO painter. We have tweaked what's in the can, in some light cases, but fundamentally, we believe we have the brand and the innovation and the right price points to be successful. We've got a great partner in terms of the distribution channel. So it's really about service. So it's about understanding what the PRO needs and scaling that up and making sure we're delivering that across the entire market. So as I've mentioned before, different delivery options that they like, better loyalty programs, more improved service, it's a lot of keeping on to what we've been doing and continuing to drive it, and it's worked. It's certainly -- the COVID situation and our ability to supply got our product in a lot more hands of the builders. And we saw tremendous Net Promoter Scores, so they like it. So it's a matter of staying focused and continuing to drive incremental improvements in service and to continue to grow at a greater clip than the market.
David Chaika: Hey, John, I would just add to that. Similarly, we do expect continued pressure on volumes in the back half of the year that will weigh on margins as well as additional growth investments. We also have very strong price cost realization in the first half that will -- as we lap most of our price increases, will diminish in the second half. So that's why our second half looks a little more conservative compared to what we put up in the first half.
David Chaika: Hey Mike, it's Dave. I'll just add to that. We also are bringing online our European Plumbing manufacturing plant. That will be a little bit of headwind here in the second half as well. And then also, as we've mentioned in the prepared remarks, the negative mix impact we're seeing in international is probably a little greater than we originally viewed coming into the year, which accounts for again the second half being a little bit softer.
David Chaika: And Mike, on the margin front, it is a little bit lower margin than our core business because we do have additional resources behind it, mainly additional people and PRO sales reps, both outside the store and inside the store to provide the level of service that the PRO painter demands as well as additional loyalty programs that Keith mentioned. So it is a little bit of a lower-margin business, but still very good margin. And as we continue to grow that, we'd expect that gap to close.
David Chaika: Hey Stephen, it's Dave. I'll take that one. On the negative mix in international, it's really a function of countries. Our core European markets, which tend to be higher price point products, are softening a little bit more than some of our international markets. So, we have more of a geographic mix impact. It might have a little bit of trade down that we're seeing in our core European markets, but for the most part, it's more of the geographic impact on the international side. Here domestically, we're not seeing a lot of trade down. We have a little bit of mix impact in the segment from our spa business and really more of a function of us pulling back on our lower price point, more mass or retail-oriented products last year as we work through our backlog. But as we got through our backlog in the spa business to turn back on that, the retail portion or opening price point of our spa business, so we've had a little bit of impact here in North America. But broadly speaking, we haven't seen a whole lot of trade down across our other product categories.
David Chaika: Hey, Matt, it's Dave. In the DIY business, we did see continuing softening throughout the quarter. And I think we expect that to continue here in the back half of the year when you look at existing home sales, that tends to have a higher correlation with DIY paint in many of our other product categories and with existing home turnover being down roughly 20%, we anticipate DIY in the back half of the year probably being a little softer than we originally anticipated.
David Chaika: Hey Matt, I'll take the cost side and maybe Keith can take the second part of that question. But on the cost side, there will be some start-up costs here in the back half of the year, probably a little bit in the first half, but mainly in the back half of this year as we really ramp up the distribution and the manufacturing capacity.
David Chaika: Hey, Truman. It’s David. yeah, I think you hit on three of the four. It was better price realization, better cost out, and really improving our operational efficiencies. The one that really wasn't as significant as we expected was deflation. As Keith mentioned, we have seen some deflation, but that really wasn't above what we expected, especially when you consider the length of our supply chains and visibility. You know, we sort of had a pretty good understanding of what the deflation impact might be in the second quarter. So it really came down to the productivity improvements and better price realization that drove the strong performance in 2Q.
David Chaika: No, nothing really one time, you know, nice improvements. I would say there's probably a little bit of timing on expenses that probably got pushed out in the second half of the year as well. So I'm going to call that a one-time event, but it did contribute to the strong performance in 2Q.
David Chaika: Hey Joe, it's Dave. I think you're more likely to see the typical margin seasonality stronger margins in Q3 compared to Q4. Q4 tends to be a lower margin quarter in general with lower volume. I think in terms of year-over-year, we do expect year-over-year expansion probably less -- more modest year-over-year expansion here in 3Q from what we saw clearly in 2Q. Then considering our comp in Q4 of 2022, probably a little bit more year-over-year expansion in Q4.
David Chaika: Yeah. I'm not going to size them up, Phil, but just enough to contribute to a little bit lower margin performance in the second half as compared to first half, we're talking growth investments in PRO representatives for paints. It could be a little bit of additional marketing compared to the first half. But beyond that, just a little bit of a headwind on the margin side.
David Chaika: Yeah. I think it's probably more a function of timing depending on how vertically integrated we are compared to others, and what inputs are actually buying compared to overall formulations. A little bit of the difference could be accounted for in the inventory, accounting practice as well as Life FIFO. We're all FIFO here at Masco.
David Chaika: Hey, Garik, it's Dave. Yeah, I'd say it's a little -- our read is sort of choppy. The consumer seems to be strong. Clearly, when you look at spend across industries, the consumer seems to be spending in other industries such as travel and leisure, and you've seen those industries pick up significantly this year, a little more pullback in home improvement spending probably as affordability has been pinched a little bit as rates have risen. So the consumer, we think, is still very interested in investing in their homes, especially as home equity levels remain high, but we have seen a little bit of a pullback. And I'd characterize it as a bit choppy and a bit uneven overall, but still think the consumer seems to be pretty healthy.
David Chaika: Garik, I'd say the -- our pipeline has not changed. Clearly, the M&A environment has changed, as we've talked about, definitely has been slower over the past year or so, less opportunities coming to market. Sellers clearly see that some buyers might not be as competitive, so they pulled back, plus they don't want to potentially sell off weaker earnings. So definitely a slower M&A environment, but our outlook and our focus on bolt-on acquisitions has not changed, and we continue to cultivate some nice opportunities.
A – Keith Allman: Well, that obviously depends on where commodities go. And I think we've demonstrated across our business the ability to get price, thanks to our strong brands, our innovation pipelines, how we service our channels and the value we bring to the consumer. So it really depends on where the costs go. I think when we look at where we've gotten our price, we've gotten this year, I think over the last couple of years, we've gotten in the range of 12% pricing. So pretty significant, obviously, price over the last couple of years. This year already, we've gotten some in spots and certain categories in plumbing where we had to catch up. We've gotten some additional pricing. We've demonstrated price cost neutrality in decorative over time, and we expect that to continue. But really, in terms of the outlook for pricing as we go forward, will depend on where commodities go.
A – Keith Allman: I'd point to three things, Mike. Firstly, as Dave mentioned in the last question, we do expect to continue to have topline volume pressures as we go forward. As expected, Europe has softened and we continue to see the steady, if you will, softness in North America. So, volume is the biggest driver of it. Secondly, we enjoyed year-over-year pricing benefit in the first half and that will fairly quickly go away as we get into the second half and lap the biggest chunks of the price increases that we came -- that we put in, in 2022. So, that lapping at the price is a big factor. And then thirdly as we consistently talked about, we're going to continue to invest in our business. Now, we're making and watching our spend very carefully, but we're committed to investing to win in the recovery and to continue to gain share when we have some of these challenging topline areas. So, investing in our Plumbing business and making sure that we have our capacity in the right spot with regards to our European plant that's coming online and investing in our Decorative Architectural business with regards to continuing to build capabilities and to continue to drive above-market growth in PRO paint, getting our capacity right with our new facility in Central Ohio. And as I said, we're starting to distribute out of that. And shortly, we'll be manufacturing liquids and paint out of that building. So, we're continuing to invest in our business, and that's some incremental headwinds as we look forward. So, those are the three main drivers with, for sure, volume being the main one.
A – Keith Allman: Matt, if you think about the success that we've had in our paint business, it really goes down to the relationship that we have with our channel partner, The Home Depot, and our ability to provide innovation and service to our customers and the consumers that purchase Behr. And the basis of that is really focus and the fact that everything we do is focused on that Home Depot customer and on our supply chain around those outstanding Home Depot point of sale. And so what this new facility does, is it gives us the capacity to be able to maintain industry-leading delivery performance. It gives us the logistical costs and ties in very tightly to where our consumers want to buy, and it really hones in our ability to provide that ongoing service.
A – Keith Allman: Yes, it's been pretty consistent, Sue. There's obviously various customers who have different inventory policies based on how they want to run their business. And we work very closely with them. So there are some idiosyncrasies based on different customers. But when we look broadly across the wholesale channel, really across both wholesale and retail, but talking specifically to wholesale now, the sell-in has been very close to the sell-out. And so we are not seeing and nor do we expect any significant changes in terms of an inventory headwind or tailwind or destocking or restocking. We think it's in pretty good shape, it being the inventory levels relative to the demand patterns we're seeing.
A – Keith Allman: Sure. I think in terms of inflation, we would say that it peaked back in the second quarter of '22, and it's kind of moderated sequentially since then. We have not seen much deflation at this point. Certainly, container costs have come down off their peaks, and that's helped our freight. But most other costs have remained, I would say, elevated. In terms of specific commodities, we have seen some pullback say in Copper at 385 currently. That's below slightly the 2022 average. Zinc has come down below the '22 average, but that really only started last month. So we're not going to see that roll through our P&L and into our cost of goods sold at this point, probably until into '24. So when we think about all-in deflation and plumbing, for example, we call it low single digits for the full year. And by all-in, I mean commodities as well as non-commodity costs like freight, et cetera. So low-digit deflation for the full year. In terms of Decorative, certain paint input costs have moderated sequentially, for example, resins. But others, like TiO2, for example, it's still sticky and at elevated levels. And we did have commodity inflation in the second quarter. So our guide does not have a lot of paint raw deflation built into it. So, all-in for the Deco segment, we're thinking about low single-digit inflation for the full year and that's after we expect some low single-digit deflation in the second half. So, all-in for Masco, the enterprise, we're looking at inflation or deflation basically to be flat for the total company.
