Keith Allman: Matt, I would say that demand did moderate a bit, more than we expected. But certainly, material availability and other supply chain challenges have played a role in the decline in the quarter. And, of course, we had some tough comps. The impact of the storms in Texas and the Gulf Coast region continue to limit resin supply. Really this is an industry-wide phenomenon and nearly all of our resins, as I mentioned, were suppliers who were operating under a force majeure declaration in the second quarter. There was a plant explosion in addition at a supplier that supplies our acrylic resin, but really for the industry, but that affected us. So we do expect -- while they're not over yet, we do expect these material availability issues to persist in the third quarter and then slowly improve. So we now expect, as I mentioned, our sales growth to be in the range of 2% to 5%, down from our previous expectation of 4% to 9%. I would like to reiterate that our supply chain teams have done an outstanding job, and they'll continue to do so.
Keith Allman: It's been pretty broad-based I think. We'd like to have more inventory in our channel to put it very directly. When we think about spas, we have never had a backlog of this size and spas and demand continues to be real robust. We're doing a good job in our international front, but there's pockets in certain products where we could afford to have some more inventory in the channel. The same is true in North American plumbing. And we're getting in better shape. We're not all the way there yet. But we do expect to, throughout the back half of the year, put our inventory positioned in the channel back to where they belong.
Keith Allman: It's difficult to prognosticate on the future. We've seen more than just the Texas Gulf issue that we had in resins. There was a plant explosion, as I mentioned. But I would tell you that we intend over the back half of the year to get our inventory back in shape.
Keith Allman: Well, I would say that our inability to have our inventory position where we want it, say first half compared to what we expect in the second half, had an impact on revenue. I'm going to fall short of going down specifically quantifying --
Keith Allman: But we think that inventory is going to help us in the back half. In terms of channel shift, we pride ourselves on having broad distribution across multiple channels. When you look at our -- you're talking coatings now. But if we look at plumbing, we have a very strong position in retail, which is both a PRO and a consumer channel. We have a leading position in trade, which is principally more oriented towards the PRO. And then in e-commerce, which is mainly consumer, we have a leading position there. Similar story when we look at coatings, where we have a strong PRO franchise as well as we always talk about the strong DIY. So we like our positioning of where we are in terms of broad channel distribution. So that if there are particular shifts, be it PRO to DIY or online to trade, et cetera, we have it covered. And I think that's a good, significant reason why we're able to perform in this dynamic environment, in addition to our strong teams that have been able to address these issues, where our customer wants to buy and we're quite agnostic to these kinds of shifts, if they happen. 
Keith Allman: We're really proud of the Behr product development teams, research and development. We have been on the leading edge of development really since that company started. Paint and primer in one was a big one. We also work on commercial development as it relates to the color selection center and being able to match colors and those sorts of things. So this dynasty introduction is one of another of a long line of things that we have demonstrated the ability to do, and we’ll continue to do. Whether or not this is going to be as groundbreaking as paint and primer in one, we'll see. But this is our best paint ever, no question about it. In terms of scuff resistance, the number of one-coat hides that we have, the coatings that we have on in terms of mildew and antibacterial and all those other sorts of things. So this is a very big deal for us. And I'm extremely proud of it. And I'm also -- it’s what we expect and also what we're going to continue to do.
Keith Allman: Really, Mike, not a whole lot of change in terms of what we're seeing. It's been pretty similar to what we've seen now for the better part of the year. What we have and what we're doing here at Masco is we have a new deal team, and we have a new business development team that's been moved under John's leadership, and they're building momentum clearly, and doing a good job, both in terms of cultivation as well as executing the deals. The valuations, I would say, as is broadly understood and seen is still quite high compared to historical averages. And that really I think informs and was a key driver of our strategy of focusing on bolt-ons where we need to have synergies. So the pipeline is robust. We’re moving various assets through that pipeline in terms of evaluation. We continue to do that. And it continues to look robust. Having said that, we're patient and we will make sure that these acquisitions are the right strategic fit for us, like you see with Work Tools International or with Kraus in plumbing on the e-commerce side that bolsters our leadership in that channel. So we're going to continue with our strategy. We've got an outstanding team that's working it. And we expect to continue with this type of deal flow.
Keith Allman: Well, there's no really returning to the growth algorithm, we haven't changed it. Our long-term growth algorithm is the same. It's 3% to 5% organic growth, 1% to 3% acquisition growth. We're committed to buyback in that range of 2% to 4% of our shares. And that puts us into that 10% EPS growth through cycles on average, plus the dividend yield of 1% to 2%. So 11% to 12% return on our name. So that hasn't changed. And we believe strongly in that. We believe that we will do that and execute that from the 2021 levels. And we'll do it in a way that we continue to expand our margins. And as we've talked before, we're not talking multiple hundreds of basis points of margins improvement, but we continue to have very solid drop down in both of our businesses, call it in that 25% to 30% range, and we don't see that changing. And we're going to continue to generate strong free cash flow and reinvest that in our business and return it to the shareholder in a very careful manner that drives shareholder value. So no real change in our algorithm and we expect growth to continue. What we're seeing in our product demand continues to be strong. And as I've talked about consistently and continued to believe and we're seeing it, the millennial entry into the home market moving out of the more congested cities into larger homes as families form, et cetera, is a real deal and that’s a tailwind for us.
Keith Allman: Well, that's probably a good question for our channel partners. But I'll tell you that in general, we're seeing strong demand across the board. Certainly, in plumbing, we maintain our leadership in the retail space, very strong position and strong growth in trade. International, we've seen broad pickup across our international businesses, particularly in our main markets in Central Europe and in China. So that's strong. So it's really broad-based in terms of demand drivers, channels, geographies.
Keith Allman: On the positive of our international growth is really solid and that was nice to see. And probably I would say even a little more robust than we expected. So that was -- broadly speaking, that was positive in terms of the overall.
Keith Allman: In terms of the -- on the downside, I think it was a little lower than we had thought. There was some significant supply chain constrictions that we didn't anticipate. But our PRO paint was stronger than we expected. So when we look at -- say where we're going to finish '21 compared to '19 in paint, we're still up mid teens. So it’s healthy -- the demand is strong, but I would say DIY paint is a little lighter than I thought it would be.
Keith Allman: I think the main point we'd like to make and leave with is price/cost neutrality at the end of the year. And by that, I mean that we will have actions in place for activity improvements, working with our suppliers to drive cost down, material substitutions and of course price. We will have that in place at the end of the year that matches the inflation that we're currently seeing. So to your point about snapping the line, at the end of the year we’ll be price/cost neutral.
Keith Allman: Keith, I would guide you to think that we will be negative, because as we've been saying, we think we will be price/cost neutral towards the end of the year. So, I think we've got a little bit of price/cost to absorb here in the back half of the year before we get to that neutral position. And so, because of that and because what we experienced in the second quarter, we will be price/cost negative for the full year.
Keith Allman: Again, that's a decision that's made by our channel partner. And obviously, we support that and we develop that strategy together. But ultimately, it's their decision. I would say that our promotional activity is about the same and will finish out this year at about the same as it was last year. Generally speaking, our channel partner likes to compete on quality and service and brand, because we're leaders in all three of those categories. And I don't see that changing much. 
Keith Allman: It varies across category. And it really is, from a segment or from a channel, there's differences. But I think if you think about it in terms of general price increases across all of our categories for the year in the high-single digit range for the full year, I think that's where we will be. And then in terms of new products, it's really not so much a price increase. It's really pricing for value. And it depends on new products. Some of the new stuff that we’re coming out in the high end with AXOR that I talked about in my prepared remarks and in Brizo [indiscernible]. That is a very high price segment that has good margin with it. In other cases where we're launching in a leaner, maybe a lower price point segment, there wouldn't be as much, let's say, pricing, if you will. So it varies. But clearly, the lifeblood of our system here is innovation. And we continue to drive that as you heard from all of our new product introductions that we have in play at the moment, and that will continue.
Keith Allman: Yes. It feels to us, Garik, like it's at normal levels and is continuing to grow. That's what we'd like to see out of that business. And so we feel like we're in really good position to continue the growth of that business, as we continue to invest in feet on the street, in relationships with contractors and getting more share of wall with the existing contractors. So we feel really good about how that growth is developing here.
Keith Allman: Yes, we're definitely starting to get back on our feet. And the production system is dialed in and we're continuing to increase our output. But boy, demand is strong. And our backlog continues to be at record levels. I think as we have the aging population in America and clearly a more tuned in population as it relates to overall wellness, both physical, emotional and mental health, this is a tool that really aced that. So we think there's some fundamental tailwinds here. And as we do across our entire business, we look at capacity and capacity expansion, and I would expect that we will be adding capacity here.
Keith Allman: Yes. So there is a modest headwind in Q2, but the more impactful part of the price/cost relationship will be felt in the back half of the year, Adam, on that one. I think we're continuing to see escalation in costs, not only in the resin side but on TiO2 and packaging and transportation and logistics has been going up. So there's a lot of cost pressures that we're seeing there. But as we continue to say, we do think they will continue to have pricing conversations and we do believe we can exit the year at a price/cost neutral level.
Keith Allman: That's directly linked. It's the relationship between the retail demand and the POS and our production capabilities. And as we believe these challenges will get relieved over the course of the year, we'll be able to build inventory in the channel. We’re going to benefit from the dynasty load in.
Keith Allman: Yes. There was a slight impact of lost sales due to lower inventories. But I don't think we were missing a ton of sales due to stock out conditions. So my point on the inventory sell-through mismatch is that there's an opportunity for us to build inventory and to have better service, but I'm not so sure. I wouldn't tag a whole lot of lost sales onto the inventory position. It's more of an inventory being lower than we want. Certainly, there was some of that, but not a whole lot.
Keith Allman: Well, I think a couple of things. For sure, when a family asset in their home is worth more, they're more likely to spend to remodel it. Now when you look at the effect of COVID and I think that while certainly there is some waning impacts that will go away, there are some impacts here that are staying. And that is really how we believe the consumer is viewing their home, that there will not be a 100% return to work. And the environment of the home is different. People are doing more things in their home, they're doing them differently, and they're spending more time in their home. So we think there's a couple lasting things here in that these are catalysts, and part of the reason why we're so robust and so happy with how we've positioned our portfolio with regards to our price point where we enjoy small projects, do it yourself, and we're clearly part of the large projects that are done by the professional. We're in markets in Europe that are falling off, and we're obviously well penetrated here in North America. So the home price appreciation is a very strong indicator of a robust DIY market, as is the changing view of the consumer as it relates to the purpose of their home.
Keith Allman: Well, real strong trade business for us this past quarter and we expect that to continue. People are more comfortable with pros coming into their home for longer time. So we're in the throes of the pandemic. Maybe you'd let an appliance repair person in for a quick repair. But you certainly wouldn't want someone in for a major remodel. That's changing. And that principally, not totally, but principally flows through our trade channels. So we're seeing a nice pickup in the trade channel. Having said that, the dynamic -- more and more pros buying in retail is very real. Certainly seen good foot traffic in retail and our e-commerce business continues to do very well. And our acquisition, as John spoke about of Kraus is really going well. We've continued to invest in that. For example, we just launched Delta branded sinks online, utilizing the Kraus' offering with the Delta brand. That's real leverage. And that's going well. So as I said in my prepared remarks, we are seeing broad-based solid market demand in growth; international, domestic, trade, retail, e-commerce. We're really hitting on all cylinders.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Susan, it’s John. Maybe I'll take this one. So you're right. We obviously delivered very strong margins here in the first half of year and then in the second quarter as well. Given our guide, it does imply a little bit of a step down in margin in the back half of the year. We’re pleased with how we've executed so far. But as we’ve mentioned on previous calls, we do need to put some money back into the business in the form of investments. And they'll take the form of travel and entertainment, as I mentioned, but they’ll also take the form of some growth initiatives. And you may recall in some of our prior calls, we said that we thought in 2020 that we may have delayed as much as $40 million of investment spend just to make sure we appropriately contain costs as we were going through the pandemic. And so we see things begin to improve here significantly. We continue to expect that some of that spend will return. As I mentioned in my remarks, some of that spend actually started to return in the second quarter as we began to make some investments in marketing and growth initiatives. So we believe that a lot of that spend will start to come back in the second half of the year. And that will take additional investment in our leading brands, some of the innovation that Keith mentioned in his prepared remarks and in service to ensure that our customers are in full supply of our products. And so we think that will also contribute to future growth of the business to better meet our customers’ needs. At the same time, as we kind of alluded to on our prepared remarks, there's going to be a little bit of a price/cost headwind as we go into the back half of the year. We've always talked about a little bit of a lag in getting and price in cost flowing through our P&L. In general, even in the plumbing segment, it's about a two-quarter lag. And so that's the second piece that will impact the margins in the back half of the year. So those two, a little bit of an incremental spend and then also that price/cost lag. That said, we are very confident that we'll be price/cost neutral as we exit the year.
John Sznewajs: Ken, the one thing I add to Keith’s comment is, specifically to PRO, we’ll continue to invest in that PRO initiative. We think that's a really strong growth driver for us over the course of the next several years. And we and our channel partner, the Home Depot, look to continue to invest to grow the PRO paint business.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Mike. Good question. So, as we look at the back half of the year, we think it's going to be a pretty even performance across the last six months, based on what we're seeing out in the marketplace, based on supply that Keith was just talking about and understanding how seasonally things fall through in terms of demand. So it looks to us right now like a pretty even back half.
John Sznewajs: Mike, maybe just a couple of extra comments to supplement Keith’s. I would say that the three acquisitions that we did at the end of last year are all on plan. So the working teams -- the integration has gone well, the interaction with our existing businesses have gone very well. And so they're right on the business case. And so we're very, very pleased with those results. And maybe some -- as Keith was talking about, there's a lot of activity. The pipeline is robust. And part of the reason we've been playing at the lower -- at the smaller bolt-ons is we see better value down there at this point. As Keith mentioned, very, very robust pricing in some of the larger transactions that have been received in the industry. And so we just think there's better value at the lower end of the middle market right now. And so we're going to continue to play down there.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Phil, I guess from my perspective, I think of it more of a -- as a low-single digit growth for DIY, because of the trends that Keith just cited. I do think that there's good fundamental underlying demand out there, driven by these trends. And so returning to that kind of pre-pandemic, which we were guiding, low-single digit growth for DIY is what we expect for next year.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Phil, maybe a little bit more color to Keith’s comments. I’d say, demand’s probably strong, growth spread has been a little bit stronger on our trade side of our business, partly because if you think about the second quarter last year, most of those outlets were closed. And so that growth here in the second quarter has been quite strong. So maybe just a little bit more color there for you.
John Sznewajs: I'd say, Deepa, there’s a couple of things that continue to I think trended favorably for us. The demand response has been consistently strong over the course of the last several quarters, and that demand continued here into Q2. And so we've got a good look for the balance of the year of the business. And then even like we just mentioned, our North American trade plumbing business was extremely strong and e-commerce as well. Those trends continue to remain very strong for us. So we're very pleased with how the businesses are performing pretty much across the board here in the second quarter.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Deepa, we probably won't go into that level of specificity that you're requesting on how much we carry into 2022. But to your general point, as we look going to '22, we see a little bit of tailwind because pricing costs have moderated. If they indeed just stay at the current levels, yes, that's definitely a possibility as we go into the first part of next year.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Keith, both Liberty and Kichler grew in the second quarter. So this continuing trend will resume [ph]. As we laid out at our Investor Day in 2019, particularly for Kichler. We kind of identified 2020 is the year for it to return to growth and that's exactly what's going on in that business through the end of the second quarter. So we feel good about how Kichler and J [ph] are driving that business, and so we're pleased with that. As we look in the back half of the year, you may recall on our third quarter call last year, we did cite the fact that Liberty had a very, very strong quarter. And so they're going to be up against some tough comps as they go into the back half of the year. That said, the team down at Liberty is looking to continue to drive that business. And we're pushing them for growth. So we'll continue to see how that plays out. But we do know that they've got a very tough comp here in the third quarter coming up.
John Sznewajs: Yes, I think it would be similar to Q2, Eric, from what we're seeing right now in the market. Perhaps up a little bit, maybe even a little bit better in the second half.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Michael, it's John. And you’re right. E-commerce has been a good growth vehicle for us over the course of last several years. And actually it's grown quite significantly. So if you think about 2019, our e-commerce sales as a percent of our total sales were roughly 5%. And in 2020, that grew nicely. We finished 2020 at about 9%. And if you break that down by segment, our plumbing product sales were roughly 12% on e-commerce platform or channel. And as you might expect, and you kind of alluded to in your question, a little bit lower than that in the decorative architectural segment, about 4%, because of all the things you cited. Color selection’s a challenge for people still to order paint online, though we do have I would say -- the Behr team has done a nice job of investing in shipping and distribution and fulfillment. And so that's not going to be a limiter to our ability to transact online. It's more of the consumer choosing to select the color online than anything else. And as we look forward, we think -- we're well positioned to continue to grow our e-commerce presence, because if you consider selling products, they're packaged perfectly to ship onesie-twosie [ph] to consumers as they order their faucets or showerheads online. And so we think we're in a great position to do that. The folks down at Delta have done a great job of adding the capability to Jackson distribution center to fulfill online. So we feel really good about how we were set to serve plumbing growth going forward. And to the extent that the paint continues to become more sought online, we're well positioned to continue to fulfill there as well. So we really like how we're set up as this trend continues to grow here in North America.
