Keith Allman: In terms of R&R, I would characterize, it is steady growth but we are seeing some choppiness. The R&A market as we are looking at it is really a little bit different when you look at smaller ticket versus big ticket. On the small ticket side, we are seeing good activity in our plumbing business, good traffic in that aisle, we are seeing good activity in paint. In the bigger ticket items, we are seen a little bit of a drag when we look at our cabinet business. We think that's driven by the fact that there is a little bit of an affluent versus less affluent play in there in the big-ticket. What I mean by that is if you look at our spa business which is more of an affluent purchase, more of an affluent buy, that's doing quite well. But when you look at cabinets, we are seeing a little bit of a drag. I think that's in part because that's hooked in with typically other purchases that go with a kitchen remodel, for example, where there would be flooring, there would be appliances. That sort of thing. So I think it's a big-ticket, little smaller ticket story. On the big ticket side, a little bit of drag that we are seeing in our cabinets. In terms of the second half on the newco side, the customers that I am talking to are a little bit tentative but we are seeing and believe that we will have new construction starts coming in a range of $1 million, slightly above $1 million, right in there with (inaudible).
Keith Allman: Keith, we really didn't experience any cost pressures in the second quarter. What we did say is that we retimed some advertising that we expected to spend in the second quarter to the back of the year and that will be, so we anticipated $5 million that did not materialize this year so that was a positive impact to the margins in the second quarter and will have a little bit of a drag in the second quarter, again about $5 million in the third quarter and about $2 million or so in the fourth quarter.
Keith Allman: We are seeing the improved margins really spread across the segment. Certainly, Hansgrohe is a factor in there as we have seen core European business grow at a quicker rate than the remaining chunk of the business. So that gives us some mix favorability. We also have a very robust cost out program called Plus 21 that we drive and have driven for years over at Hansgrohe. So they are contributing stateside here with Delta. Our trade volume is very solid for us. We have had a concerted effort, our peer-to-peer is really where we have focused our new product introduction on that showroom and working with our relationship with the influencers and designers in those showrooms. And that's, we have got good momentum and productivity. And we also have a very solid cost out program that I talked about last quarter down at Delta. On the spa side, we talked about the volume that we are experiencing our spa business which is also in the plumbing segment and of course with that comes some nice overhead leverage. So really, the improvements, I would say is spread across the whole segment. It is going well. In terms of the incremental margins on expansion, as we drive globalization in our plumbing segment and we tweak our assortments to be more geographically centered, just because of the nature of that business, it tends to be a lower margin. When you look here in North America, at the entire plumbing market and where we are growing with regards to adjacent products to expand into the bathroom, those tend to be lower margins as well. Typically, our highly decorative chromed products, if you will, tend to be higher margin. So I think when you look at both the international expansion and the assortment requirements to drive that, and you look at our category expansion here in North America, both of those initiatives tend to be lower than the faucet and shower margins, which tend to be the highest in the category.
Keith Allman: July, right. In terms of the overall demand, as I said, we are seeing steady growth in R&R. And I talked little bit detail about how that is choppy when you look at big ticket versus smaller ticket and that affluent buyer and some of the dynamics around that. New construction, while certainly it's below what we anticipated, at the beginning of the year, it is still up and we are targeting somewhere slightly north of $1 million starts.
Keith Allman: I would peg the loss in the range of $5 million to $10 million. In terms of my confidence in this business, I remain confident for really three fundamental reasons. Number one, over the last 18 months, we have really driven significant improvements in the competitiveness of this business from the supply chain to our product development processes. We have worked a lot on our business model and some of the sub-segments and countertops and builder direct. Our quality has improved and we have driven a substantial standardization across our IT platforms, which is important and it might be critical for our competitiveness going forward. Unfortunately, those came with some unplanned costs and service variances. We are working very hard to get those fixed. We are improving. It will be behind us in Q3 and we will be positioned going into next year to deliver in this business.
Keith Allman: Again, I would look at it is as R&R and new construction and break that down in that way. On the R&R side, the affluent buyers is showing up. They are interested in spending, and as I mentioned before, we are seeing that with empirical data, particularly when look at a spot purchase, for example. Certainly, our initiatives are driving share, but we are also seen the consumer show up there. And a little more, in the price conscious consumer, we are seeing a little bit more tentativeness. On the new construction side, we have unemployment at six, six-and-half year low. Consumer confidence at a six-year high. I think it gets back to credit availability. That's a big driver in getting some real wage growth. I think as that happens, when you look at the position of housing stock in terms of available housing versus the population that needs it, I think that's in a good place. It's really about credit, that first-time buyer starting to move out into new homes.
Keith Allman: In the low ticket, we are seeing good traffic. That's a good chunk of our business when you look at repair and remodeling on the plumbing side, particularly with faucets and showerheads, when you look at paint. So we are seeing the traffic. And I think that's the space of the strength of our portfolio where we are mixed across everything from a high-value smaller ticket Behr paint all the way up to a luxury spa and a electric shower systems with Hansgrohe. So I would say that the bigger ticket part of the continuum, we are seen a little bit of drag on that less affluent buyer.
Keith Allman: We have a solid infrastructure in place with Hansgrohe across multiple geographies, north of 130 markets. There is certainly political risk. Obviously, we all see what's in the news. There's elections on in Brazil. These is a number of things that are going around the globe. But when you really look at where Hansgrohe is positioned with the brand, the work we are doing on our international assortment, we feel good for steady growth outside the U.S.
Keith Allman: In terms of the actions to drive market share in cabs, we have been working a lot on our fundamentals, as I talked about, in terms of our product development process or standardizing our ERP systems. We had five or six ERP systems across cabinets. Now we are down to two. So we are focused on our KraftMaid line and our Merillat line. So a lot of the work for share gains in terms of the core capabilities as well as the new products that we have introduced already in play and are paying off where we are seeing in our dealer channel in particular. We are working to have, as I announced, a lead time reduction on our KraftMaid line. We think that's critical to drive share. We have implemented a new finishing system which, I believe, is going to raise the bar in the industry in terms of quality. That's implemented and we are running now, and that's a beautiful product. So that will help drive share. On the retail side, we remain committed to our approach on promotions in terms of being strategic and utilizing them carefully to drive and get to that sweet spot for both revenue and value to the consumer. But we will continue to tweak that. I think the timing of some of our actions versus the competition has lead us to some share loss. We are working with our designers and our influencers to understand their needs and develop better relationships with them. So I think there is a number of things that we are working on now. And as we get more specific results, we will share with them but we are moving, and I think that's evidenced in what we have done in the dealer channel, which was our initial focus.
Keith Allman: Yes, I think we are beginning to chip away at that. Now we are gaining share in our dealer channel in terms of retail. As we tweak our promotional strategies and continue to drive the improvements there, we will see that. This is a long purchase cycles. So it is going to take some time. But we are making momentum. We have momentum.
Keith Allman: With regard to how we are our doing in the Pro? We are focused on the Pro and we are doing that in concert with the Home Depot. This is obviously an important segment. When we look at our intel and the studies that we do and then it's corroborated with outside studies, that Behr paint brand, that Behr brand is strong with the Pro. Obviously strong in R&R, but it is also strong in the Pro. We also have good Pro traffic at the Home Depot. So it's an important growth initiative for us. We have not lost shelf space at the Home Depot and we are continuing to be successful in this Pro business. It's outgrowing, clearly outgrowing, the base Pro business and we have a got a good value proposition. And we are working to make it better. Now it is not going to be -- the margins are not going to be as high as our base repair and remodeling book of business, but it is good return on assets for us. We have a good plan to work with. And most importantly, we are in concert with our channel partner. It doesn't surprise me that our competition would see our success and work to countermeasure it.
Keith Allman: I have reached out, Dennis, to many of our customers and I understand the impact that our performance has had on them. We have worked hard to develop the industry-leading lead time and fill rates coming out of our supply chain, and our channel partners come to rely on that. And when we fail to deliver on that process, on that promise, it not good on their business and certainly it is not good on our business. It has affected demand and it is going to take some time as we get our lead times back to normal levels to reestablish our confidence and to get back. So I fully intend that we will get there in terms of the timing. We are committed to get this stabilized in Q3 and then being working on all eight cylinders as we go into next year.
Keith Allman: Mike, I would say, the mid-teens through 2015 is something that would be good to model that range. In terms of the key drivers, boy, it's a combination of many things, but I think to break it down, I would say new products and listening to the customer and driving products, in a way that drive favorable mix. Having said that, we have also put a fair amount of attention into more of the opening price point as well. So it's a combination. But I would say new product introduction mix and then our cost out program.
Keith Allman: It should be less than the cyclic because that would spread across both Behr as well as Liberty. Liberty won a number of new programs at retail. And so I would say, it is just going to be a couple million dollars in the third quarter because there is really only about two months worth of impact in the third quarter.
Keith Allman: A number of things. We have seen a slight elevation in raw material costs compared with the second quarter of last year, both on TiO2 as well as in engineered resins that we purchase and put into our products.
Keith Allman: Good morning, Bob. I apologize for the confusion in the press release. What I was trying to get across there is that, as a management team we are focused on a couple of time horizons. Number one is the mid to longer-term time horizon where we are looking at how we can drive shareholder value with our portfolio of strategy. And we are running at aggressive ramp, an additional ramp of our portfolio strategy process to determine that. The other time horizon that we need to work on is in the here and now, the short term. And that is to drive our existing businesses that we have on our portfolio to be all it can be. And that's what I mean about full potential. So it's not that we are, as a management team, strictly looking at the long-term of the portfolio issues, we are also looking at our core businesses that we have today and how we can improve them and drive, particularly in cabinet, turnaround. With regards to where I am leaning, really I am not leaning. I am letting our process determine what the optimal portfolio is for mid-to long-term shareholder value. We are intently engaged in the process. We have brought on outside counsel to give us an external perspective of how we might unlock value. We are looking at all options that are in front of us and of course we are doing it in concert with the board. So I am not going into this process with a preconceived notion. We are letting the process work. We are open to all options. And it is going well.
Keith Allman: In terms of the cost variances driven by the ERP implementation, to deliver on our industry-leading lead times and fill rates information is key. You need to have a timely information of demand and you need to have an understanding of where the product is as we execute in a build-to-order kitchen at a time environment with no finished goods and we are talking in the range of millions of SKUs when you look at the configuration possibilities across the entire assortment. So information is key and when you implement an ERP system and we had some issues that we didn't catch in our early testing, and it took a while to uncover those issues and resolve them. And when you have inaccurate and non-timely information flowing into the system that's tight, you tend to have back orders. And those backorders drive you into running off a hot list and it becomes difficult to maintain the fill rates in the standard cost that you drive for. So it was a combination of things. But fundamentally, it was issues relating to information in terms of demand and knowing where we are.
Keith Allman: In terms of pricing at big-box, I think we have, as I mentioned in my remarks, I think we have lost some share when you look at the timing of some of our actions versus our competition. But again, we are committed to our approach, which is to be strategic and creative in how we use our promotions to hit that sweet spot of bringing value to the consumer and being most productive for us. So will continue to tweak it, but we wish that we remain committed to our approach.
Keith Allman: In terms of these elevated promotion, we have seen it come down substantially from what it was quite frosty in the downturn. The price increase that we put in, we were leaders in that. I think that also contributed to some of the issues we have had in the topline. In terms of the most effective promotion, it really various. There is certainly promotions that are effectively to administered to push to close. There is promotions that involve incentivizing our customer base to move up and to have a more contented product to go into glazed finishes, for example, to go into all plywood construction. Those sorts of things. So that's what think about. We think about how can we bring value to the consumer, how can we move them up, so that's favorable for us in terms of margins, and of course we look at the competitive environment.
Keith Allman: The roll-out has gone very well for us. We started in Canada. And we got the Marquee rolled out in 180 stores up in Canada. And we are also starting to roll-out our new color selection merchandising up there and it's going quite well. We are seeing good growth with it. Both ourselves and Home Depot are pleased with how its going and we are focused on executing that rollout here in the United States. In terms of where our customers are coming from, difficult to parse that out. Clearly, this is not all, there is incremental volume here for us. This is a substantially different price point and a different product and we like where this is going as evidenced by our success where it has already been rolled out.
Keith Allman: I think we are doing very well and the results bear that out. We have put a concerted effort into the product assortment to make sure that we have the appropriate products for this market. We have executed initiatives focused on urban markets in big cities, which is very tightly linked to this higher-end showroom consumer. We have looked at how we attack this segment from a sales representation standpoint. We have looked at our incentives associated with our sales reps in this line of business. So, as is usually the case, it's not one silver bullet, but it's been a number of initiatives. In terms of how we gauge customer satisfaction, at the higher-end in the showroom model, this tends to be an assisted sale, and we value very much the opinion of those showroom folks that are in these dealerships that are helping the consumer. And we put a concerted effort with our programs. Over the course of six weeks nonstop, we bring in showroom associates into our corporate headquarters down in Indianapolis. We talk to them about what new products they need, about how we can do better from customer service to pricing and promotions, all those sorts of things. And we survey those influencers constantly and we ask for their ideas for improvements. So that's principally where we go to gauge customer satisfaction.
Keith Allman: We are looking at shareholder value in the long-term and that's the fundamental lens there. We are evaluating all our options there.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Stephen, I don't think we are prepared to discuss that just yet. These are relatively new initiatives. They are just getting out of the ground. So, clearly as Keith mentioned, particularly the adjacent products here in North America will have a lower margin. We will give you a better guidance on that as those things mature.
John Sznewajs: Sure, Garik, it's John. A big part of that operating leverage in the second quarter was really driven by volume and the operational improvements that the team down at Daytona has implemented in the organization down there. So that was probably the biggest chunk of it. A much smaller piece of that would be the pricing that we mentioned. As I also mentioned, we did have some offsets to that as we did experience some wage inflation. We are investing in labor. You probably have heard through your contacts that labor is our target. There is labor tightness around the United States. And we want to make certain that we have labor as we enter the busy third quarter for this business. And so there will be a little bit of cost ahead of sales on the upfront which probably detract from the margin a little bit.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Eli, I think Europe continues to look continuously pretty steady. We have seen very good progress each of the last four quarters or so in Europe. And we don't expect any acceleration in demand, but just consistent growth as we have experienced over the last couple of quarters.
John Sznewajs: Yes, George, we are investing heavily behind this business. As you may know, we have about now 150 Pro sales reps out in the field, calling on Pro customers to drive this business. So we feel very confident in the growth that we have been experiencing and the fact that have we got a good runway in front of us as well.
John Sznewajs: Related to your question regarding a third quarter catch up in sales as result of working through the backlog. We do expect a little bit of catch up here to hit the third quarter, but nothing really material.
John Sznewajs: Dennis, I think the compares is challenging more so than we had some one-time events occur last year. And I think what you are seeing in the second quarter of 2014 is more indicative of a run rate. So you may recall, we had a retirement of a senior executive. A senior executive hit 65 and that caused some stock comp expense last year.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Mike, it's John. In terms of the additional comps in the third quarter, just to remind everyone, the third quarter last year was our most difficult -- our best quarter in 2013, which was up 12%. So we were up mid-teens in July, low double digits in both August and September. So the comps, while they get a little bit easier, it's still pretty challenging. In terms of what we are anticipating going forward, as Keith alluded to earlier, with housing starts in the neighborhood of $1 million or so for the year, we are thinking about where we were at through the first half of the year. That would imply a pretty good clip going into the second half the year, as well as our lower ticket repair remodel products continued to perform well. We were confident that the growth rate that we have experiencing in the first half of the year feels like it should be similar to that going forward. Could be some puts and takes a little bit here and there, but as you know, we really don't give topline guidance. So it's really hard to put a finite number on that.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Bob, in terms of capital allocation, in the near term, we have been consistent in saying, that we want to pay down some debt in the near term. And so we do have some of the cash on the balance sheet earmarked for that debt repayment. That said, to your other point, we are looking at some other uses of our cash. And we did raise the dividend in the second quarter. As you may recall, in May. We had about 20% dividend increase that we announced. At the same time, M&A is something that we would consider for our portfolio. But right now, the add-on, bolt-on acquisitions to some of our existing portfolio businesses as opposed to going out and putting in a new line of business is something that we are not currently in. So don't think of it as a huge stretch of a huge acquisitions at this point. That's not something that we are contemplating at all.
John Sznewajs: Hang on, Mike, as we pull that up real quick. It was a relatively small amount. FX overall for the company was just a favorable $2 million.
John Sznewajs: Phil, it is John. As you think about how the back half has been developing, again as I alluded to earlier, we do think if you are of the mindset that we are going to have a million housing start, a fair amount of growth will be driven by our installation business. And then as we talked about earlier, with repair remodel, we are seeing a little bit of a choppiness effect there where the lower ticket items, we are seeing good experience with them, seeing some good strength there, but to a lesser degree, on the bigger ticket. So I think cabinets actually would be less of a driver in the second half of the year than either the lower ticket or the new construction portion of our business.
