Keith Allman: Thank you, John. Looking at 2019, while we believe that growth may moderate in 2019, the fundamentals of our business and our core repair and remodel markets are healthy. Consumer confidence and wages are growing. This increases our consumers' willingness to invest in their home. Home prices continue to appreciate. This is highly correlated with repair and remodel spending. The age of the housing stock is increasing with 50 million owned homes greater than 30-years-old. This drives increased remodeling spending. And household formations have steadily increased throughout 2018, driven by the millennial demographic. This trend is projected to continue fueling housing demand for the next decade. With our continued focus on executing our strategy, including investing in our leading brands, innovation leadership and operational excellence coupled with our strong balance sheet and liquidity position, we will continue to create shareholder value. With that, we’ll now open up the line for Q&A.
Keith Allman: When you look at our North American Plumbing market growth of 8%, we're very pleased with that. And we believe that that growth is higher than the overall market. So we think we're taking a share there. So we feel good about that. When you think about our international plumbing business, that's an extremely diverse set of demand spread over 135 countries, and it's difficult to really nail down the market growth with that kind of aggregation. But when you look at how Hansgrohe is performing, particularly in Central Europe, we're happy with that. So when you look over -- look across the Plumbing group's overall performance and where that growth was driven, there was some good geographic dispersion, which were pleased with. And then when you look further as it relates to price point, we had some very good growth in the opening price point, driven the way we wanted driven meaning we launched new products to specifically address that price point of the peerless brand, for example, we're seeing very good sales in our Beijing, toward that categories, which tend to be more opening or entry price point. But we also saw a strong growth in our high-end brands of Axor and Brizo for Delta and Hansgrohe respectively. And we saw very good growth as we talked in our prepared remarks in our spa business and our hot tub business. So we're seeing strong dispersed growth across both geographies, price points and across our full continuum of the portfolio. So we feel good about the growth and feel good about 2019 in that segment.
Keith Allman: Yes, Mike, one of the things that did impact our guidance for the full year on the top line the 3% to 5% is the fact that we did have some of that pull-forward sales that impacted the fourth quarter. So that $30 million, we would have typically anticipated, hitting into 2019 pull-forward than 2018. But if you consider the markets that we are in both the R&R market, which is growing kind of mid single-digit 4% to 6% range and kind of low single-digits for both new Construction and International, and if you consider the fact that, in particular our Decorative Architectural segment, we've got growing low single-digits. If you put that all together, there is some share gain baked in there. So we do think we're growing ahead of markets, but overall the markets are slowing a little bit for 2019. So I hope that captures the essence of your question.
Keith Allman: So Mike, in terms of -- we really can't get into POS. That's not ours. We can't give you too much a read-through. That said the down growth was kind of flat for low single-digits in the fourth quarter. So that's where we stand there. We feel good about that overall. And we -- and that's a combination of both Pro and DIY. So we continue to grow the Pro side. The DIY has been a little bit sluggish. But that's been the case all of 2018. So that's not necessarily new news.
Keith Allman: There's always fluctuation with inventories at our customers. We did see a little bit of destocking in Plumbing wholesale, where we've had tremendous success. And that did slow down in that channel a little bit in the Q4. So that was a little bit of destocking there. But then, we also had significant pull-ahead volume, which would, obviously, equate to restocking. We talked about that $30 million impact over and across Paint and Plumbing. So really we did not see what I would characterize as any material destocking in our channels.
Keith Allman: In terms of elasticity, Scott, its – that’s really difficult to nail down when you look at the environment that we're in. Typically, the elastic studies that we do and information we have is based on in a constant environment of a particular product line goes up or down. With this kind of broad-based inflation in our -- across our markets, it's difficult to really take that down specifically, but we are expecting that there would be some pull back in terms of demand in the categories that are affected.
Keith Allman: Mix is a good story for us Scott. We're seeing good high-end growth in our higher price bigger ticket items. I talked a little bit about it in terms of some very high-end shower systems at Hansgrohe. We continued to do well. Our spa business had a record year this year. So the high-end is very strong and it continues to be strong for us when we expect that continuing into '19. We're also increasing our revenue and our growth rate in the opening price point or in the low-end. And that's by design where we've launched specific products and talked about Peerless, we've talked about bathing and some of our toilets and vitreous China products. So we're also seeing growth there. I think that's a good story when you have that kind of bimodal dispersion into growth. The market is strong and new entries and new homeowners are forming households, driving some of that opening price point. And we have products to cover that. And then there's the move up phenomenon and we have products on the high end. Now while our lower-end products tend to be a little bit lower margin over time, we've done work to close that gap. There are lower margin. And when you factored all in how we're looking at '19, we're really not anticipating mix being a material impact.
Keith Allman: A portion of that favorability in SG&A this year is what we talked about terms of the gain a sale on the DAP segment, so that was about $4 million. And we did lap some investments in Q4 of 2017 tied to some pretty significant resets and program wins at -- in decorative hardware with Liberty in the shower program. So there was a bit of an easy comp, if you would. We also had good cost control throughout the year and we did push certain investments into '19 to mitigate inflationary pressures, for example. In '19 we expect total SG&A for the Company to be up slightly from '18 as a percent of sales, as we pick up some of those investments that were pushed out to '19. We're going to continue to invest strategically for growth, such as marketing spend in Plumbing and additional headcounts in Deco to support the pro initiative.
Keith Allman: I think I may have heard you say something along the lines of the 25% tariff risking our guidance. Just to be clear, we have incorporated into our guidance the expectation of 25% on March 1st.
Keith Allman: We did see a little bit of a slowdown in Q4. I think in our coatings business, we saw it a little bit. I talked a little bit about our Plumbing business in the trade and wholesale. So there’s a little bit of slowness there.
Keith Allman: When you look at cabinets, we had a full year margin north of 9%. And when you compare that to the competition, we think we're doing pretty good there. We've got certainly some good dropdown that can come from that. We also experienced some inflation in plywood that we've dealt with. There's still little bit more of that that could be a drag on margins. In terms of our Windows business, we've got ERP spend that we're going to continue to make into the quarter, which our experience shows us will have an impact on both the top line as well as the actual expense of that ERP system. So when you combine those things together, that's what's really led to our guidance as it relates to margin.
Keith Allman: We -- given the fact that we've taken some headwinds, given the tariffs and decelerate -- or the overall market demand, I'd say it'd be kind of flat to very low single-digit growth ex-Menards.
Keith Allman: If there's -- if rates start to go down a little bit, then obviously that could be an upside for us. In terms, Stephen, of your direct question, if we see upside in our guidance, I would say no. I think we put our guidance right where we think it would be where we expect to come out based on what we know now. With regards to our specific strategy and what we change anything in our strategy, should there be an increase in housing demand? No, not really. We've got our capacities in a good spot where we need to fulfill the demand. We've purposefully moved our portfolio to a less cyclical, higher margin, more stable state because we think that's the right thing to do for shareholder value. We talked a little bit about doing that in our cabinet business how we shifted it now to some close to 70% of our business coming from repair and remodeling rather than new construction. Obviously going back we spun off our services business. And we're continuing to drive our Paint and Plumbing business and our Lighting business, particularly into that R&R space. So that's our strategy. We think that strategy is sound and it's working. So I would not say that we would have any material strategic change should we see housing pickup in '19.
Keith Allman: Well, we've talked about some of the pressure that we're seeing in 1Q, as it relates to margin and also on top line with the pull-forward that we experienced in Paint and Plumbing. So that would be a factor on the first quarter. When we look at that from first half to second half, we certainly will see it pick up in the second quarter as those first quarter headwinds don't exist with regards to the pull-forward. And then the second half to be somewhat similar to the first half, so we're maybe a little bit stronger in the back half, but really pulling out the effect of the pull-forward out of Q1 into Q4 of '18, really not a significant change beyond that.
Keith Allman: Yes. I won't break it down into specific details for Kichler, but into speaking more on in general terms. You may recall, we have 10 months of Kichler in 2018, starting basically in March. So we'll have starting basically in March. So we'll have the full quarter in Q1 as Kichler. And just on face value of Kichler, that would be a margin drag as Kichler's margins are lower than the average in the segment. But particularly, in Q1, that's seasonally a weaker quarter for Kichler. So that will put some drag on the segment as we look at the performance in Q1 and that's part of our guidance, some of our prepared remarks with regards to margin in that segment. Very happy. We continue to build out the team down in Kichler has an outstanding leader that's demonstrated performance across the number of our businesses and a number of functions. As I interact with the dealerships and get more exposure to our customers, I'm really seeing a strong brand and then also seeing an opportunity for us to bring some of our [indiscernible] and operational skills and some of our purchasing power to that area. We have an outstanding ability and opportunity to bring e-business capabilities to that business. So we're very happy with Kichler acquisition, and we're going to continue to drive performance throughout the year. Understanding that given the full year or full quarter ownership of Kichler and the fact that Q1 is a seasonally weaker quarter that will be a little bit of margin drag in the segment.
Keith Allman: I think the specificity comes from being able to identify the pull forward, for example. I think that's a significant benefit. We wanted to get some more detail in those segments, because there were so many moving parts. I think the -- historically, we understand how those businesses operate and the effect of Kichler as it relates to a seasonally slower point in time. And the fact that we own it three out of three months, instead of one out of three months there. So that was straight math and we wanted to make sure that we talked about that. So we could be more precise than that for specific quarter. With regards to more detail, I think we've laid out the detail that we're prepared to lay out with regards to our margin performance for the year. And with respect to the impact of tariff, which is obviously the big moving piece here that we're talking about, that would have -- if those were to go away that would move us up toward the higher part of our range and we'll leave it at that and will provide more detail as we get more certainty around the number with the dates, et cetera.
Keith Allman: Kichler is a big mover there which that we've already talked about. We do expect some price commodity headwind in the first half of '19. We are going to continue to invest in hub stores and pro reps and recall that we don't anniversary our 2018 pro rep additions until the third quarter. So when you look at Kichler, you look at what we expect to be commodity headwinds particularly in the resin area that will be facing early in the year. We look at our growth investments in hub stores and pro reps and the fact that we don't anniversary some of those additions we made in '18 to late in the year. Those are combined to put our guidance in that 17% to 18% range.
Keith Allman: We have not changed our strategy in M&A, our pipeline remains solid. We're focused on identifying spaces, if you will, that we think have good fundamental growth and tailwinds and good pricing power and then we identify specific targets and then start our cultivation activity and we have a pipeline process and I'm pleased with the level of the pipeline, we really are not changing our strategy. We are -- we have a strong balance sheet that affords us the ability to do the kind of deals that we want to do as well as allocate capital on a balanced approach toward share repurchases, dividends, and of course we are going to continue to fund our brand and innovation in our existing core business. So we like what we're seeing and we're going to continue to drive it and when we are ready to do to announce a deal, we'll do that.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Ken. It's John. I -- first of all, the low-double-digit growth rate does reflect or include the $20 million of sales that were pulled forward out of the first quarter into the fourth quarter. So that does help aid growth rate a little bit. That's said, we do think that the overall coatings market in 2018 just grow a little bit. And so we do feel like we've probably picked up a little bit of share gain on the DIY side, not a ton. If you look at our overall growth rate for the full year, it was definitely low single-digit, so a little bit of tailwind there in the fourth quarter, but for the full year low single-digit growth. 
John Sznewajs: Mike, we're seeing some good share gain opportunities to continue on our propane segment, for sure. We have a real solid momentum in Plumbing, and we -- and expect that to continue. And our offering, as it relates to an aisle service product and brand et cetera, we feel good about that in the DIY space, while that market is a little softer. We believe it'll be a little softer going in 2019. So there is share gain baked into our thinking.
John Sznewajs: That $150 million impact, Mike, is the right number. And we've talked about that before. Of course, there’s a significant amount of moving parts and potential variability there. Does -- do the 10% -- does that say? How much of the 25 goes in if everything, when it goes in? So I think it's best to think about that as a very dynamic situation. And as more certainty is revealed over time, we'll be sure to share that with you and reflect that in our updates. In terms of ROCE, without a doubt, tariffs is the biggest uncertainty for 2019. We are assuming in our forecast that does -- the tariffs do jump up to 25% in March. When we look at other significant commodities like copper and zinc, for example, in Plumbing, that has started to moderate in the back half of 2018. And we think that's the level we're at and we're assuming that the level we are at in copper and zinc will continue into '19, so there might be a modest benefit there as we move on through the year. In coatings, while TiO2 has moderated a bit, we are continuing to see significant pricing pressures in resins. And in cabinets, plywood distribution and logistics, they remained elevated. But we think those are moderating. We think those will hold where they are currently. In terms of how we're addressing it, certainly, we're making significant moves and decisions and doing a lot of work on our supply chain. For example, we've reallocated, if you would, and moved over $30 million of plywood purchases in our cabinet business to address countervailing duties and tariffs and the like. That's just one example. We're looking at value engineering and costs out. We're looking at productivity. We're certainly looking at other opportunities to move to other low cost countries and then price. And I think, we've demonstrated the ability to execute on all of those.
John Sznewajs: So, I think, in terms of what's driving that DIY growth in the aisle is a number of things. There's no one silver bullet. There is certainly -- a big driver of it is our strong partnership with the Home Depot, and the work we're doing in the aisle to convert foot traffic to cash paying sales to the consumer. The brand of Behr is extremely strong in the DIY space and well known. Our service levels both in the store and in terms of delivery are extremely strong. So that combination of brand and service and a continued steady innovation pipeline is all part of our success in DIY.
John Sznewajs: Sure, Scott. As it relates to the impact in the quarter due to pricing related tariffs on margin specifically to your question, when you recall that what we're trying to do and what we're pursuing with price when we pursue price to offset the tariff impact is just to recover the dollar amount of the tariff. So there's not an incremental margin on as a result of the tariff pricing that we're putting into place, if anything, because we're only recovering the dollar value of the tariff is actually a slight potential for margin to decline because of that. So, really no margin benefit there. I forget the second part of the question.
John Sznewajs: On the -- on margin flex in the low growth environment versus a-no tariff scenario. So Justin, as I think about that assuming that commodities are constant. So let's put that in and there is a really, I mean, commodity impact. I would say that we should see some modest margin expansion just given our leverage on incremental volume, right. And so that should help us out. And to the extent that the tariffs don't go into effect and that has a good impact or a favorable impact on consumer demand, we would typically see incremental margins off of volume in this segment kind of in that high 20% to 30% range. So we should see some, again, some modest margin expansion in that scenario as well.
John Sznewajs: It had a little bit of an impact on it only because -- we have 25% tariffs. We are going to be, again, the same answer I gave a couple minutes ago. We'll only be getting the dollar impact of that recovery on all these tariffs. So that -- if anything there, could present a little bit of a headwind to margins in that scenario, Justin.
John Sznewajs: And I'd also say that we saw a little bit of slowdown in our cabinets and to a degree, Windows business. We grew low single-digits for the fourth quarter, and Windows, we are in mid single-digits for the full year there.
John Sznewajs: So, Stephen, with respect to the Menards business -- while we won't break-out the specific customer sales -- if I do a little bit better than that $40 million run rate that you suggests. So the impact for 2019 is great as you've laid out there. That says as we go into 2019, and we consider a little bit of the deceleration and so on 2018, and in the impact of the tariffs and the pricing feeling a big ticket item like Cabinetry, we do expect to see a little bit more of a market slowdown in Cabinetry going into 2019. And so that definitely weighs on our forecast for 2019. That's said, even though that we did see some of this deceleration, we do expect just some modest growth in this because we've seen nice growth on the R&R side of our business. And we've gone back to flat sales for our new construction business. So not while ago, but we do see a little bit of deceleration in that area for 2019.
John Sznewajs: And Stephen, I just remind you that housing as a percent of our total revenue is now down to about 15%. So it's really a key point. Because of the strategic reposition that we've done over the years, it's really a very minor impact toward the overall part of our sales and our business.
John Sznewajs: Yeah, Mike, or maybe just to add on to Keith's comments just a bit. If you think about how we look at the lighting business and when we talked about when we acquired the business, we really don't see the fundamental market for lighting shifting dramatically from when we initially talked about. It should grow kind of at the same rate as the overall R&R market kind of in that mid-single digit 4% to 6% range, as you might call it. That said you raised the point about the tariffs and the tariff impacts, because that have a little bit of a headwind on that. Yes, they could, without a doubt. So something we need to look at and see how the tariffs actually roll-out and see how that plays.
John Sznewajs: The one other thing I would add to that list of items that Keith just called out is our depreciation and amortization in the segment. I called that out in my prepared remarks, will be up compared to what we've experienced historically, Matthew. So that's another margin headwind a little bit, but from an EBITDA perspective, where probably EBITDA does not -- no impact on EBITDA whatsoever.
John Sznewajs: Certainly. So we [indiscernible] and thank you for noticing the fact that we've been working on working capital. Indeed, the businesses have been working hard at it. It has actually elevated a little bit from where we've been historically, a large part of that has to do with the Kichler acquisition as they carry a higher working capital than most of our business historically, our businesses, core businesses typically have done. That said, we are working with the Kichler team. We know they know that they see opportunity to reduce the working capital in their business. So there could be a little bit of a tailwind for us going forward. And as you may know, we have all of our businesses focused on working capital. So we're -- while we are happy with what we've posted so far, we always strive to get better than within where we've been. So I think there's an opportunity to grind out a little bit better working capital as we go into 2019. That said, the one thing that will be a bit of a headwind for us in working capital is the tariffs, because the tariffs, you have to pay the government in very short period of time. I believe its seven days and so that will impact our working capital a little bit as we go into 2019.
