Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, John. And if you would please flip to Slide #18. These are the priorities that we identified earlier this year in support of our strategic initiatives. And we feel like we've continued to make good progress in the first half of the year, including the second quarter, against all of these priorities. We've talked about most of them through the course of the last few minutes. I would add that, as John mentioned, we had some nice improvement in working capital management. And I'd like to join John in thanking our employees across the enterprise for their continued efforts and dedication. If you flip to Slide #19, a couple of comments before we go to Q&A. I feel like we've made a lot of progress in the first half of 2012. Weather certainly has been a factor. It helped us, we think, in the first quarter; probably hurt a little bit in the second quarter given the heat in certain areas of the country. So the line between quarters might be a little bit blurry. But having said that, sales for us in the first half were up 3% or $128 million. And if we exclude $65 million of negative currency impact, it would have been up about 5%. Margins in the first half are up 150 basis points versus last year. And our incremental margin in the first half is over 40%. That's helped by positive price/commodity relationships, as John mentioned, approximately $35 million. We've made some very good progress there, but we're still behind the curve when we look at the last couple of years. EPS as adjusted is up $0.14 a share, $0.16 versus $0.02 last year. And we've seen some nice improvement in our Cabinet and Installation businesses, and our cost structure, as John articulated. Second half 2012 looks to be a little bit more challenging from a macro perspective. European economies are still unsettled. And the U.S. economy appears to be slowing as consumers pull back. Retail sales have been down now, I think, for 3 straight months. And certainly, big-ticket remodel activity is not generating an awful lot of traction. I would point out that we're relatively pleased with our preliminary view of July. July, on an all-in basis, looks to be up low single digits. And if we exclude foreign currency, July looks to be up mid-single digits. And if we look at only North America, our preliminary view is that July will be up high single digits. So it looks like we're off to a reasonably good start for the second half. Also on the plus side, we continue to invest in our businesses. And we continue to win new opportunities, especially in Plumbing. These costs are hitting our P&L today. John talked a little bit about that as we went through some of the segment deal -- detail, but we'll certainly see the benefits from those opportunities in the future. We're also excited about the improving new home construction environment. As we mentioned, we expect housing starts are going to be probably somewhere around the 740,000 level. Inventories for new homes continue to be low, and in certain areas of the country are extremely low. Demand has picked up. Affordability has never been better. Prices are stabilizing, and in certain areas, moving up. And we've seen a lot of investors come in to acquire properties. Also encouraging is 2013 estimates for new home construction at 880,000 as per the Blue Chip consensus. Some other folks are a little bit higher than that. But if we can hit that level this year and next year, the 740,000 this year, the 880,000 next year, that certainly is going to be a positive for the overall economy, as well as for Masco. The economy needs both housing and automotive. The multiplier effect as you think about job creation is significant. And anything that's good for the economy is good for us. Having said that, we'll continue to focus on the things that we can control to drive our strategic initiatives, which include expanding our market leadership positions, continuing to focus on our cost structure, continuing to improve our balance sheet and continuing to drive our Cabinet and Installation businesses to profitability. And with that, Sarah, we'll open up the lines for Q&A.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, what changed there, Eric, is a couple of things. One is that we're not getting the traction that we anticipated in the dealer channel. Again, that's a little slower than we anticipated. And I think from our perspective, we're just not getting the traction that we anticipated, which is a little bit disappointing. The other thing is with countertops, it's kind of a good news, bad news situation. We've had some basic difficulties scaling that business. Demand has been very, very strong. And we've run into some inefficiencies. We certainly think that we can drive profitability going forward. But we've had to pull back in terms of our expectations, and quite frankly, the profitability there is not what we anticipated. If we look at the cost side of the equation, I think at the beginning of the year, we estimated that we'd have a net of approximately $30 million of cost reductions. And we still feel like we're on target for that, so continuing to do a good job on the cost side, but basically on the revenue side, see the lack of traction in the dealer segment, along with the fact that repair/remodel for the bigger-ticket items is a little bit slower, as John mentioned, for higher-priced items like many of our offerings on the KraftMaid side. Sales look to be down about 5%. So those would be some of the factors that we're faced with. We also haven't seen a lot of pickup in Europe. I should point out that Europe continues to be challenging. No question about that. We anticipate a little bit of improvement there, but the top line there continues to be a bit of a challenge.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, yes, no, I -- we're optimistic going forward. I mean, there's no question about that. We continue to be profitable in the dealer channel. There's no question there. And KraftMaid continues to be overall profitable. But having said that, I think just in terms of top line, we're not getting the kind of traction that we anticipated. And I think that we should see some improvement there over the longer term. There's no question in my mind about that. I think we still got great brands. When you think about KraftMaid, Merillat and Quality. And so, yes, I see this more as a little bit of a speed bump. We have made some leadership changes, as I mentioned earlier, and so we're encouraged by that as well.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I think anytime you're in a recovery, I think that there's going to be some lumpiness in it. And we certainly have experienced that. Obviously, the first part of the year started out very well. As we mentioned, second quarter was pretty consistent when we look at sales trends from April, May and June. We were generally, without foreign currency, up about 2%, 3% each month. And our sense is just a little bit of caution as we go into the second half of the year. I think when you look at some of the uncertainty out there, with disposable income being down, the lack of job growth, I think caution by consumers, I think it's just prudent for us to think a little bit more cautiously. But obviously, July is a little bit -- or maybe a little bit more than a little bit of a plus as we head into the second half. And I hope we're wrong as it relates to that. But we'll just have to see how things shake out.
Timothy Wadhams: Sure. I think as we look at Cabinets, Dennis, as everyone's aware, we did do a major integration going back a couple of years, putting our Builder Cabinet and our Retail Cabinet Groups together. We think we've made very good progress there in terms of the cost side of that. My sense is that as I think back and I think we estimated that on the integration, we probably would save somewhere around $35 million. I think we've got that in the bag, and there's probably another $5 million to $10 million that we've been able to realize as part of the integration. Having said that, I think we probably have had a little bit more disruption, if you will, relative to top line activities. And that has put us a little bit behind the 8 ball just in terms of a couple of the segments. The dealer segment is an area that we think has a lot of promise. We're profitable in the dealer segment. We've got some very good relationships there, but we're not doing as well as we -- quite frankly, as we'd like too. So having said that, we did make a couple of leadership changes. From a corporate perspective, we've continued to streamline our corporate executive group, if you will, and we've gone from 3 to 2 Group Presidents in North America. And again, we were going to make that move irrespective of any issues around Cabs. But in doing that, Keith Allman, who is one of our Group Presidents in North America now, has responsibility for our kitchen and bath group. We put North American Cabinets and Plumbing together, and Keith is going to have group responsibility for that. Keith has Cabinet experience from Merillat and the Builder Cabinet Group. He was in Cabinets for 10 years. He was Exec VP, Vice President of Operations, so he's got a lot of background there. Keith went and left Cabinets about 6 years ago, went to Delta and did an excellent job leading Delta as the CEO. And has got a lot of experience in all the channels that are important to us from a Cabinet perspective. We also have changed the business unit leadership. Rick Roetken, who was the VP of Marketing at Delta when Keith was at Delta and more recently spent 2 years running our Liberty Hardware operation, has taken over as CEO of our North American Cabinet Group. And between Rick and Keith, they've got a great track record together in terms of the improvement that we've seen at Delta and a lot of very good experience in all of the channels that are important relative to the Cabinet-related business, particularly as it relates to Retail. So from our perspective, we got a lot done over the course of the last couple of years and certainly feel good about that, but also feel that there's some opportunity for us to kind of refocus on the growth side, if you will. And I think with Keith and Rick involved in that going forward, we're optimistic that we can generate some of the top line opportunities that we think are available to the leading brands that we have.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, what we're looking for is probably a little bit of a decrease in the second half. I think in the first half, we're down about 3% or 4%, excluding foreign currency. And our sense is that that's probably somewhat consistent with where we'll probably end up in the second half as well.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I'm not sure I'd necessarily say there's a connection there, Nishu. I think as we think about our size and our buying power, we've talked a little bit about the relationship with Owens Corning on a strategic supplier relationship, we still are a large buyer of insulation. We still have leverage in terms of the opportunity in the marketplace. Obviously, it's very competitive at the level of new home starts that we're at today. But I would not see us disadvantaged in any way going forward relative to the fact that we settled this lawsuit or have had a couple of other litigation-related issues.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, Sam, a lot of the pickup there tends to be with some of the bigger builders. And some of those homes tend to be a little bit smaller, with less features like fireplaces and that type of thing. And so there's probably less non-insulation-related product opportunity for us in certain situations. And you've also got the multifamily issue relative to mix as well, which would put you in a position where you're not going to probably have a fireplace, garage doors, gutters, that type of thing, to the same extent that you might with a single family.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I really don't anticipate and didn't feel like there was any impact in terms of inventory balancing at all as it related to the quarter. We saw a little bit of that, we thought, coming out of the first quarter into the second quarter. But really, our sales activity was, as I mentioned earlier, relatively flat each month. We're right around, excluding foreign currency translation, right around 2%, 3% in terms of increased sales. We ended up, obviously, without foreign currency, at about 3% for the full quarter. So really didn't see anything unusual relative to inventory balancing. And as we went in -- as we go into July, we talked a little bit about some pickup there, but don't necessarily believe that's attributed to anything relative to inventory one way or another.
Timothy Wadhams: Okay, our pricing, yes. No, we -- as we mentioned earlier, Will -- sorry for the confusion there, but as we mentioned earlier, we started to implement price related to our Paint products in February. And that process was complete in late March, early April, in terms of implementation. And that was pretty much across all of our Paint-related products, all of our Paint-related customers. Since that point in time, we have experienced some continued increase in TiO2 and resin-related costs. But in the second quarter, late in the second quarter, that seemed to kind of level out a little bit. Obviously, we're still elevated versus last year. And as John mentioned, we had a negative price/commodity relationship in the Decorative Architectural segment. And our expectation is that we don't see in the second half given that worldwide volumes are down at this point in time as it relates to Paint, we're not anticipating necessarily any continued increases. But we're still a little bit behind in terms of where we'd like to be from a pricing perspective. And I can't really give you any further information on that at this point in time.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, we don't generally speculate on things that might be somewhat transformational, like what you suggested. I think our sense is that there continues to be a very good opportunity, fundamental opportunity, in the dealer channel, in the countertop market for us. As we've mentioned, we've got some new folks involved in that business. They're in the process of doing some assessment, as we speak, just in terms of kind of where we are in the different channels. And our sense is that there's a lot of opportunity for us to expand our penetration, improve our performance going forward and, certainly, are encouraged by the position we've got with our brands at this point in time. So I wouldn't necessarily want to speculate on anything of the nature that you suggested.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I think, Susan, at this point, given where we are in the recovery and the fact that we're still $4 billion, $5 billion behind sort of our peak in terms of revenue, I wouldn't necessarily see any activity around shareholder-friendly-related initiatives like share repurchases or an increased dividend at this point in time. Obviously, as we get further into the recovery and start to see some additional top line opportunity given our operating leverage, the history we've got in terms of free cash flow, and I would remind folks that if you went back to the period 2003 through 2007, that 5-year period, we averaged about $1 billion of free cash flow a year. And that was after $1.5 billion of capital expenditures, $300 million of investment in displays, and we were able to, during that same time period, repurchase about 30% of our outstanding stock. I think that gives you a little bit of perspective of the cash flow capacity that we have. And -- but again, that was at a different time and a different place. And I think at this point, given where we are in the cycle, it would be premature for us to start down that path at this point in time.
Timothy Wadhams: I don't think we have the international margin. But that would've been down a little bit. I think last year, at this point, Stephen, we were running around 10%, 11%, as I recall. And with some of the mix challenges that we've got, some of the top line challenges, we'd be off there. And I don't have that number right in front of me, but my guess is it's probably mid- to high single digits versus low double digits last year.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I just think, for us, in Europe, obviously, the economies over there are pretty dicey. One of the things that helps us is the diversity of Hansgrohe's product offerings in emerging markets, project work in the Middle East. So we do have a bit of an offset. We don't have a lot of presence in Southern Europe: Spain, Portugal, Italy and Greece, that those are not major markets for us. So from that standpoint, we're in reasonably good shape there. So I think we're maybe a little bit more balanced than maybe some other folks who basically are pretty concentrated on the continent. But having said that, it's still pretty tough. Okay. Sarah, thank you, and we'd like to thank everybody for joining us on the call today. And as Maria indicated, if we didn't get to you or you have additional questions, give us a yell. Thank you.
John G. Sznewajs: What initially happened is over time in plumbing -- and Hansgrohe, they got a couple of 3 items that hit them from a mix perspective, one you alluded to, which was their expansion into international markets. A couple other things that hit them recently, one is the fact that, as you may recall, Hansgrohe principally started out as a shower business, and over time, they've really increased the number of offerings they have in the faucet side of their business. And while both of those businesses have great margins. It just turns out that showers are at a slightly higher margin than faucets. And so there's a negative kind of mix associated with the product mix that's developed over the course of the last couple of years. Then the last thing is that over the course of the last year or 2, we've seen some down trading. They've got a high-end brand called Axor, and we've seen some down trading on some of the larger international projects to more of the Hansgrohe mainline product. And so those couple 3 items hit it from a mix perspective. And to your point, you're right, from time to time, we had some -- experienced some negative mix at Hansgrohe. I would think that some of this is an investment, but in the near term, we'll experience some margin degradation as a result of the mix. But over the long term, what we tend -- generally tend to experience is that when they enter new markets, generally entering with their opening price point products, that over the course of time as those markets develop, they migrate people up the price continuum. And so I would generally tend to lead you to think that they've got a near-term issue that will probably start to correct itself over the medium term as these other markets start to mature.
John G. Sznewajs: Well, Sam, it's hard to predict currency and commodity movements, so I'm not going to really go there. But I would point to you that kind of the $10 million that I outlined, kind of the $5 million of program costs were -- was truly related to some retail activity that we had in the quarter, related to some share gains that we picked up at some of the major retailers. And then secondly, kind of what I call the operational one-timer is the plant explosion in the light that it kind of got lumpy into that. We're hopeful -- we're very hopeful that we don't have any further operational issues like that. So those, clearly, are one-time in nature. Could the rebates or could the reset costs occur -- to the extent that we continue to win new business here, that could be something that we experience in the future, I think we'd be happy to take that as we win new business. So -- but we'll continue to call those out as those things come up.
John G. Sznewajs: We haven't really gotten into next year. But the reason that things started to come down, as we guided on now, is you may recall initially, when we give out guidance, we budget everything at standard. And based on the experiences we've had through the first half of the year, with approximately $30 million in the quarter, we feel pretty comfortable at about $125 million we're guiding everyone to for the full year.
John G. Sznewajs: Well, we've got a couple other components of that business that, perhaps, they grow as quickly as our Insulation sales, such as our distribution business. Our retrofit business slowed a little bit in the second quarter, partially we think a little bit due to the hot weather. So those couple of things. And then some of our other products didn't grow as rapidly -- like our fireplaces and gutters didn't grow as rapidly as the 20% that we experienced in Insulation.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, the $5 million in terms of what we spend, just one-time re-set cost, is to our price on the shelves of major retailers. So in terms of the return on that investment, we look for a pretty quick payback. Generally, these programs will go for 1 or 2 years, and so we look to recoup the return over the life of the program that we have in the aisle. That said, we're constantly managing our SKUs in the aisle and working with our retail partners to ensure that we've got product that moves quickly. So to the extent that something might not be moving as fast as either we or they would like, we'll continue to develop new products to make certain that we can add fast-moving SKUs in the aisles.
John G. Sznewajs: No. I would say that our share at the major retailers is about flat for the year or for the quarter, I should say. And the promotional activity, is flat for the first half of the year for us based -- compared to the first half of last year. So it's still intense. They're still elevated but no more intense than what we saw in the first part of last year.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Susan, to be clear, we did a small acquisition, a spa manufacturer for our West Coast spa business late last year. And that actually is going very well for us. And the management team at Watkins has done a fantastic job of integrating that business and growing that business. So that's been a very positive acquisition for us. In terms of your question, are we seeing additional opportunities, new opportunities come on the marketplace, it's still pretty slow at this point in time. Even though end markets are starting to recover from the bottom, with still not a lot of sellers coming off the sidelines at this point, so I wouldn't want to speculate or say that we're looking at any more acquisitions at this point. But we're not seeing more activity of acquisition in the industry at this point in time.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Stephen, a couple of things there. On a sequential basis, I think some of the improvement did come from the Pro. That included -- drove as I mentioned, I think, in my remarks. Volumes were up just slightly in the second quarter if you factor out some SKUs that we lost at Walmart. So volume was such a huge driver. On the bottom line, profit improvements were a big driver in the quarter in the Decorative Arch segment. The performance of our Liberty Hardware business also aided their quarter pretty significantly. So in price [ph], a little bit if softness overall in the quarter just given the extreme heat, particularly in the last couple of weeks in the quarter due to putting up [ph] our exterior paint. So a couple of 3 things hit us there. But overall, improved pricing kind of helped us a little bit as well in the quarter.
John G. Sznewajs: Okay. A couple of things there. One, our key retail sales, again, were flat for the quarter. And that's not only the -- our major retailers, Home Depot and Lowes, but the composite of a number of other probably 20-plus retailers that fall into that equation. In terms of Europe, our European sales are about 21%, 22% of our overall sales right now. And I think the last question was rank order, the -- some of the...
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. Stephen the way to kind of get it is if we had a $5 million operating income hit on currency and about a $50 million top line hit on currency. That translates through at the same margin, so that's probably high single digits, to Tim's point.
