John Sznewajs: Sure, Steve. As you think about demand, like we said, we saw strong demand in the quarter. As we think about going forward, DIY versus PRO, you might expect we've had some strong comps in the PRO side of the business. And we're starting to face some pretty significant comps in Q3. I think our PRO comp against Q3 of last year is like 45% growth. So while we still anticipate growth in the PRO, in the back half of the year, obviously, we won't be posting the strong comps that we've posted in the last three or four quarters. As we think about our DIY business, we do think our DIY business will be up in the back half of the year. That said, driven by price, with volumes declining in the back half of the year. Will be down, yes, down probably double digits -- low double digits, Steve.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Stephen. Maybe you get a question in the -- I think the first part of your question had to do with revenue and the impact of acquisitions and FX. And roughly speaking, these are kind of rough numbers. FX is roughly 2%, acquisition is 1%.
John Sznewajs: Yes. So maybe just a couple of other comments in addition to Keith's comments. We are assuming higher energy input costs in the back half of the year just given what's taken place. So we feel -- we need to make sure that's baked into the guide.
John Sznewajs: Yes. I'd say, Mike, as we look at it, we think things have kind of stabilized herein. And we think the trends as we exited the quarter were going to be consistent with the back half of the year as best we can tell at this point.
John Sznewajs: Sure. Happy to do that. So as you indicated, yes, we have experienced a fair amount of inflation, obviously all year and starting actually in the -- basically the midpoint of 2021. But as you said, and we said earlier, we think we hit a high point. As we look at our cost basket across the various segments, we have seen some input costs back off their highs from earlier in the year. Obviously, copper and zinc, which go into our plumbing products, have begun to decrease. That impact, it takes about two quarters or six months to flow to an impact on financial statements. So if you consider the timing of the inflation that we experienced and now the timing of the decline in some of the commodity prices, that's not going to have much of an impact here in 2022. That will be much more of an impact in the first part of 2023. So that could provide a tailwind as we go into 2023. The other parts of the inflation basket though are beginning to moderate as well. Ocean freight was something we talked about quite extensively on prior calls. We're starting to see that begin to moderate. That said, fuel costs will probably offset a portion of that because over the road trucking continues to be high. And certain other components of our inputs, like packaging and pallets, all continue to remain high. On the paint side of our business, we are seeing paint input costs be stickier and still face some upward pressure. Specifically, we're seeing that is TiO2 in other inputs. And so we're closely monitoring that. And if we have to take additional pricing actions to offset any of this inflation, we will do so, as evidenced by the fact that we put through 10% price in the second quarter. So, we think, we are in good position. We're slightly price cost positive for the second quarter. So we're set up well. But we'll continue to monitor the situation, and we'll react accordingly with additional price if needed -- if need be.
John Sznewajs: Sell in, remember, it was greater than sell-out in the quarter. So yes, there were -- so I hope that answers your question. I'm uncertain.
John Sznewajs: Yes. I think part of it, John, is if you are -- our results against the second quarter last year, second quarter last year, we had a relatively soft performance in DIY because of the Texas freeze. And so as you think about the year-over-year comparison, we are catching up on that. And so that's why we have better sell-in and sell-out in the second quarter.
John Sznewajs: Sue, maybe one thing I would add to Keith's comments is, as we look at the consumer, the consumer continues to look healthy to us. We continue to see strong balance sheets. Home Equity continues to look good in this -- in terms of your question about elasticity, if you think about our portfolio, low-ticket repair/remodel products consumers have the flexibility to buy our price. And a lot of our products are for break, fix purposes. And so we're not seeing the consumer bend as a result of the higher prices that they're feeling in the market, at least for our products.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Deepa. We were slightly price cost positive across both segments, both Plumbing and Decorative Architectural. I think the thing that you might focus on a little bit more is we did have some operational inefficiencies in the second quarter in Plumbing. And as Keith referenced in his prepared remarks, specifically, we had some shipping and some labor inefficiencies in the second quarter that probably would have created more of a headwind for the Plumbing segment.
John Sznewajs: Yes. I'd say on the negative side, the operational inefficiencies that I just mentioned in the Plumbing were probably a bit more persistent than we had expected. I mean it's been a very dynamic environment, as you well know, in the last couple of quarters. And we thought we would see some improvement. And obviously, we didn't see an improvement in the second quarter that -- the improvement that we had anticipated. Quite honestly, we probably expect some of those inefficiencies to carry over into the third quarter in the Plumbing segment. So there'll continue to be a bit of a headwind for that segment as we go into the third quarter. But we do think things get better as we roll into the fourth quarter.
John Sznewajs: And Keith, the other thing I would add to Keith's comments, if you think about Hansgrohe, a good portion of the revenue comes from project sales. Think about hospitality or hotels going up, a lot of that takes place in a -- in countries outside of Europe. So that Asia, it's the Middle East. So there's a good fundamental baseline of demand there. We do serve projects in Europe. And even when the consumer market turns down, these projects continue. They have to be finished. And so that will provide some basis of support for Hansgrohe going forward.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Certainly. There's a couple of things that are happening there, David. One is -- we talked about the cost recovery element of our Decorative Architectural business where we recoup the dollar cost, the inflation. And so obviously, we talked about -- and we've talked historically about a 5% inflationary increase has about 100 basis points impact on our margins in the segment. And if you think about the fact that we mentioned we had mid-teens inflationary impact in the second quarter, that's a big contributor to some of the gross margin pressure that we're feeling. On top of that, I mean, I think the second thing that would be impacting it would be the slightly lower volumes that we're foreshadowing. So those two, I think, are the two big things that are impacting our gross margins in the second half.
John Sznewajs: So Phil, as you think about our contingency plans, we're taking a couple of different flavors, right? I mean, depending on the extent of the softening of demand, some things you do in a simple belt timing. You pull back on open headcount requests. You pull back on advertising, travel and entertainment and things like that. If the decline is more persistent and deeper and longer than you expect, then you have to look at the structural aspects of the business. You have to take out headcount, reduce shifts, things like that. And so we'll see how this plays out. In terms of our decremental margins, they should be fairly consistent with our incremental margins, which are kind of in that 25%, 30% range. We may not have that perfect alignment there. The first quarter of a decline, you can't always get the cost out as quickly as volumes decline. But we're going to try to manage those up as best we can. The one thing that may be helpful as we go into -- if there is a recession, typically, input costs declines. So that could be a little bit of an offset to some of those decremental margins. So that's the way we think about it. Keith, I don't know there's anything else you'd like to add.
John Sznewajs: Pricing in that environment, I think it depends, again, on what we're seeing in the marketplace. If -- in a rare instance, in a recession, if commodities were doing flat, we have to push through pricing. We typically -- we do have -- by segment, it varies. We typically don't give us back a lot of pricing on the Plumbing side of our business. Obviously, if there was deflation in inputs, we've got that -- the cost recovery on inflationary reverses itself in that environment. And actually, that's when you start see margins expand in our Decorative Architectural segment.
John Sznewajs: No, no. I mean we're continuing to look at M&A. We continue to have our teams cultivate potential acquisition candidates. Though you might expect in this environment where things get a little choppy, fewer candidates for sale. That said, our balance sheet is set up. I mean we are in a position to execute on strategic M&A if the right candidates were to emerge in this environment.
John Sznewajs: And Rafe, the only thing I would add to Keith's good comments is that we have a -- we're high cash flow generating company. And the amount of dollars that we allocate to CapEx is relatively light compared to our free cash flow. So we have the free cash flow to fund these without really pulling back on any other investments that we need to make across the business.
John Sznewajs: Yes, Rafe. If I think about it, the improvement -- the back half of the year in Plumbing is going to be -- Q3 margins, my guess would be very similar to Q2, and Q4 will improve significantly compared to Q4 of last year. So I think the fundamental difference is the improvement in performance in the fourth quarter, relative to the fourth quarter of last year. The pricing -- the improvement in commodity position really will not be much of an impact in the back half of the year. And that's really going to be a 2023 event just given the length of our supply chains and the fact it takes about two quarters for that benefit to flow through and hit our P&L.
Keith Allman: Stephen, this is Keith. Typically, we do recover -- what's priced in this segment. We do recover margin as well. And you're exactly right. If there is a pullback in commodities, we would expect that to be a tailwind for us.
Keith Allman: We did catch up on our channel inventory a little bit here year-to-date through the second quarter. And I think that was planned. And we did that to help improve our service to the customer and to the consumer. In terms of the forward look, as it relates to our guide, we're really not anticipating inventory fluctuations to have much impact on that.
Keith Allman: Well, we certainly are in no position to make an overall crystal ball, call it, a economic call in Europe. But I will tell you that we continue to see strong demand, particularly in the key markets for Hansgrohe. Central Germany, China continues to perform very well for us, France, the U.K., et cetera. So we're counting on continued good solid growth from Europe and our performance is quite strong. With regard to the overall energy, the team has done a really good job. And we've secured the majority of our energy requirements from renewable energy for this year and going into next year. We're working hard to convert and have converted the majority of our equipment from natural gas to other sources of energy in terms of powering that equipment. That said, if there was a significant shutdown or constriction of energy flow into it, that would be an issue that we have to be -- to manage, and that would be challenging. But in terms of the proactive actions that we're taking, I feel confident about the work the team has done, and they've done a good job.
Keith Allman: [Multiple Speakers] John, it’s Keith. Revenue in Dec Arc and the growth in the second quarter, was roughly 80% price and about 20% volume. And then we look at that volume, we're relatively flat in DIY.
Keith Allman: Not really. It's been pretty stable. And we've worked hard to reduce the impact of movement along the assortment, from the lower price to the higher price and from PRO to DIY, for example. So there still exists some impact of mix as we see that kind of movement. But we really haven't. We haven't seen evidence of trade down when we look across the volume of our big ticket items, like spas, for example, we continue to see strong demand there, strong backlog of about 25 weeks remaining, so -- which is greater than we would typically see in a normalized environment on our -- in China, where we have really a focus on the higher-end products, that Hansgrohe receives there with a good growth in China, and that continues. Despite the market slowdown, that popped back very nicely. So we're seeing good demand there. And we are seeing good demand on the lower end of our assortment. So overall, have not seen evidence of a significant trade down, and we don't expect any as we move forward through the year.
Keith Allman: Well, we did see some moderation of demand. And we are seeing some signals of slowdowns as we look at the various leading indicators, if you will, like website searches and those sorts of things that we watch closely. And there was a moderation that mid-quarter, we saw a moderation, and then it's been fairly flat since then. And it's consistent across our categories, and for the specific categories, fairly consistent across the channel. So overall, I think a consistent moderation of demand. Now there's some categories for us that have bucked that trend. We talked about PRO paint sales that was very strong. Our spot sales that we felt were very strong. And international continues to perform very well for us. But faucets and showers, hardware lighting, DIY paint, I would say we're -- we have seen a moderation of demand. As I said, that happened kind of mid-quarter and then has been flattish coming to the rest of the quarter. We expect volumes to be down modestly in the second half. Maybe a little less in Plumbing, a little bit more in Decorative. And I'll remind you that Plumbing had, I think, it was a 16% comp in Q3 and Decorative had a 15% comp. So you can factor that in as you think about the segments on a quarterly basis.
Keith Allman: At the end of the day, ultimately, it would be demand for us, and that would be the trigger for us to implement our contingency plans. And that's really a part of our ongoing business planning process. And this is something that we all have experience in dealing with, and it's part of what we do. So pullback on certainly variable costs and discretionary cost that we could execute in the SG&A front, for example, and throttling back growth investments or hires and looking at that variable cost. And depending on the Decorative, as we've proven the ability to do, we could get into the fixed cost as well. So we have contingency plans in place, and we watch leading indicators. I mentioned website traffic. We have deep access and relationships in the channel as it relates to consumer tickets, et cetera. And we watch those leading indicators. But fundamentally, we don't -- we wouldn't execute cost out on a leading indicator. We wait to see where the demand goes. And we're very keenly watching that, and as part of our standard process, meeting on a regular basis with the businesses to review their contingency planning. So this certainly is an area where we have experience in this part of our business. And that's fundamentally how we're looking at it. Having said that, the portfolio as we reconfigured it, what John mentioned with the brake fix component, with the fact that it's lower ticket, and they're high bank for the buck, coupled with the fundamental shifts that we've seen in terms of how people buy and -- products for their home and how they view their home, we feel good about the long-term aspects of our portfolio.
Keith Allman: We continue to perform well in Europe that we -- I wouldn't say so much that that's a surprise, but it was -- we've watched that performance developed. And that was good to see for our franchise to be able to grow like we did in Europe and China. I think that was very solid. We've talked about now for a number of quarters about how we're working very hard to drive stickiness in the PRO paint demand and as evidenced by our continued growth and share gain in that, part of our business that the team is doing an outstanding job, together with our channel partner to really take advantage of the opportunity that we had with our supply chain excellence when we had an opportunity to acquire a share of wallet of some new customers, to really show them what that Behr paint can do, and we've had positive response there. So I think our continued growth in Europe and our continued stickiness and demonstrated capability to keep our business that we're gaining in the PRO is a couple of positive aspects of the quarter for sure.
Keith Allman: As I talked a little bit earlier, Keith, it's a dynamic environment, and we don't have a crystal ball. So we're focused on being free to foot and watching and being ready to make adjustments if there was some sort of significant economic changes. And it's a dynamic environment for sure. But we are not seeing that currently. And we're not seeing that reflected in a trade down. And we continue to see good robust demand through Europe. And we are taking the contingency plans and putting those in place in terms of conversion, as I mentioned, of -- from natural gas to other sources of energy. We've procured the majority of our energy through '23 from renewable sources. So the team is doing a good job to prepare for and address the current challenges in terms of seeing indications of what might happen going forward. We're working hard to be ready for what might happen. But we are not seeing any indications of a turn down in Europe at this point.
Keith Allman: It's really a mixed bag. In some cases, we're still a little light on where we'd like to have our channel inventories. For the most part, we've caught up in -- and I think the inventories are in pretty good shape as we work to get inventory in place to better serve the customer and to meet the requirements. A little bit of a pull down in not atypical as some of our bigger plumbing wholesale customers approach their fiscal year-end and fiscal quarter-end, that there'll be some pull back in inventory. So there's a little bit of pullback, I would say, in plumbing and wholesale. But by and large, I think it's fairly stable.
Keith Allman: That really is a decision of our channel partner. I mean, we obviously are together on that in the discussions and the strategy around it. In some cases, based on our partnership, we'll choose to participate in that and help fund some of that. But as we sit right now, I would not expect a material change in the promotion levels. But again, that's a choice of our customer.
Keith Allman: Well, that continues to be robust. Really, our backlogs, as I mentioned, around 25 weeks and staying there. The orders have been pretty consistent, haven't seen a material movement up or down there. So I would say consistent through the quarter.
Keith Allman: Yes. I talked about the fixed and variable component of the cost plans that we have in place, and it really depends on the depth of it. So I think we hit on that pretty good.
Keith Allman: Yes. I think you know it. That was a real solid performance for us in China, particularly given the shutdown period that was there in the quarter. And I think it really gets back to a combination of three things. We're executing very well. The team there has been a real nice bright spot for us. And so good folks there that are focused on growth no matter what is thrown at them. And the shutdown was significant. Secondly, we are focused on higher-end segment, and we believe we're the share leader in that premium segment. And that tends to have less volatility and I think more consistency. And then thirdly, when you look at where we're selling to in terms of end use, it's primarily, and as John mentioned, into project business or in hotels or in multifamily, et cetera, which has the ability to jump right back after that shutdown, more so than, say, if we were into the lower price point that depended more on retail traffic. So those three things combined have really come together to give us a very nice story in China.
Keith Allman: Yes. I think that's exactly how we're thinking about it. We had tremendous DIY demand as the pandemic hit and folks put more of a focus on their home and had more time. And then we've seen some shift as the pandemic restrictions lessened, with the move towards PRO. And we're very happy with how our PRO business has been able to take advantage of that with respect to capacity and supply chain performance, but also keep that as it relates to quality and service and having a good value proposition for the PRO’s and the stickiness of that share that we gained. So when we look going forward, with the millennials coming in and forming houses, and we know that they're DIYers and they're DIYers for multiple projects based on our research, not just want and done, so to speak, so I think that's a very -- the impact of COVID as it relates to how those DIYers view their home and invest in their home and the equities that they've developed in their home and the savings accounts that we think for the next couple of years, for sure, that the DIY volume is going to have some nice tailwinds because of those structural factors. So yes, we're looking at kind of the great growth during the pandemic. We've come back now to, let's say, a 2019 level in terms of volume. And we see this as the jump-off point for further growth in DIY.
Keith Allman: We're focused on our business. And on the targeted customers that we have where our value proposition works the best as part of our partnership with the Home Depot. And it's challenging, as I've consistently talked about, in terms of quarter-to-quarter market, size, determination with any kind of accuracy. But when you look at our growth rates, particularly with PRO, there's no question that we're gaining share in PRO. And we've done it now for two, three quarters in a row and demonstrated, I think, some stickiness. And with regards to competition, we have very strong competition in that segment. I think it makes us better, very respectful of them. With regards to where our volume is coming from, I really don't have an answer for that. We know we're outgrowing the market. We're gaining share. You're exactly right. There's regional competitors throughout the country. But we're really focused on how we can best serve our customer. And while we understand market sizing is difficult on a quarter-to-quarter basis, I think it's pretty clear we're gaining share and feel good about the business now. And then moving forward, the structural aspects of DIY that we talked about, the fact that we are a relatively low share in PRO, and we're demonstrating the ability to grow together with our channel partner. So that's how we do it.
Keith Allman: No. When you look at the major projects we have and where they're focused, say, European plumbing business, our spa business, this is investments that will start to begin to ramp up in 2023 and won't reach full capacity till after that. So while we're certainly aware and are keenly watching what's happening in the short term here as it relates to a potential slowdown or a pullback, and we have contingency plans in place that we talked about, and we have an experienced base and our leadership team that has operated in this environment several times. So we’re confident in that. But we're also confident in the fundamentals of our low-ticket DIY, repair and remodel and the PRO aspect of our business for the long term. And it has strong fundamentals and strong correlations to what we think are positive tailwind. So no, we're not going to pull back on these important capacity increases for us, because where they are, what business they're in, what geography they're in, and the confidence we have overall in the long term of our business. So no change in that.
Keith Allman: And in most cases where we look at this capital, they're step-wise where we can begin to capacitize, say, the new factory with various amounts of equipment and staffing. So it's not an all-or-nothing thing as it relates to the total investment. But we have no plans right now to pull back on our capacity -- CapEx rather.
Keith Allman: I think we -- when we think about it in terms of pricing, we have -- we're seeing, as John mentioned in an earlier question, we are seeing some pullback day in brass and the copper and zinc and that sort of thing. But we're also seeing some pressure in other spots of the business, TiO2, specialty chemicals and our paint business. So we are still very attuned to the relationship to the commodity inbound pricing and the pricing that we need to have for our customers. And we're staying keenly aware of that. Where the supply chain has -- frankly, is a little tougher than we expected this quarter when we were sitting here a quarter ago thinking about it is in terms of labor costs and freight costs. But importantly, beyond the cost of it, it's really the availability of those two aspects of our input. And when you have freight that is less predictable, the delivery times, as I think we're all seeing even our personal lives where the delivery types of inbound product is not as reliable, the fill rates, the lead times are more challenged, that puts a challenge to the rhythm of manufacturing and to the rhythm of our supply chain. And we did see that in Plumbing this past quarter. So I think that's really what I would highlight that has changed.
