Keith Allman: Thank you, John. 2017 was a good year for Masco, as we successfully executed against our strategic initiatives. We continued to grow our Plumbing segment with our three largest plumbing businesses Delta, Hansgrohe, and Watkins each achieving record sales and record profits. We continue to gain share in the pro and DIY paint markets with our powerful Behr brand. In cabinetry, our KraftMaid brand gained share in its repair and remodel market as it continued to resonate with kitchen designers and consumers. And in windows, we significantly improved our operating performance at our Milgard windows business unit. In addition to our segment performance, we executed against our capital allocation strategy by investing in our business, committing significant capital to two acquisitions, repurchasing approximately $331 million of our shares and increasing our dividend for the fourth year in a row. As we turn to 2018, the fundamentals of our business remains strong and consumer confidence continues to improve, due in part to the recently enacted tax reform. With our continued focus on executing our strategy, coupled with our strong balance sheet and liquidity position, we will capitalize on the strong industry dynamics by continuing to invest in our leading brands, innovation leadership and operational excellence. We believe, we will generate over $800 million in free cash flow in 2018 and earnings per share will be in the range of $2.48 to $2.63 per share. With that, I will now open up the call for questions and answers.
Keith Allman: Our capital allocation strategy really hasn’t changed. We are focused on investing in our business and returning cash to the shareholders looking at M&A and share repurchases and maintaining our [indiscernible] as we have talked about. We have also talked about it and I mentioned it from the stage in the investor conference that we have the option to do more if we need to. We have a very solid and strong balance sheet and there is an opportunity for us to do more, but fundamentally the way I look at it that we really haven’t changed our capital allocation approach. And I think that minimum $200 million to $300 million more in acquisitions and share repurchase is a good way to think about it.
Keith Allman: Fundamentally, where we see Cardell is right in that same bandwidth if you will with regards to Merillat, maybe in spots, it can go a little lower in terms of price points, but when you talk about the build-to-order more of the semi-custom aspect of it, it can go a little bit higher as you well know depending on the content of the different types of the content that you put in the box, the price continuum can be pretty broad. Cardell is a well-established brand. It’s been around for a while, while it’s been quiet for the last couple of years. It does resonate. I would encourage you to go take a look at the displays in Menards’, if you get an opportunity they look fabulous. It’s a good brand for us to have in our stable as it relates to giving us the opportunity to go into other customers and other channels and address some of the issues and conflicts that sometimes can arise with that. So, it fits very nicely and played, I would say, a strong role in our ability to get this business together with the broad offering that we can offer and putting to use the structural competitive advantage that we have in our cabinet business to come in at a very attractive price point.
Keith Allman: Yes. The way we look at Tim is if you split those two apart volume will be the heavy majority of that with a little bit of price. This is the way we are thinking about it right now.
Keith Allman: And I would say that as we look at that Kichler and lighting, it has demonstrated historically the ability to get price somewhat I would say commensurate with commodity changes, so we like that part of it. So there is a little bit of an attribute there in terms of the growth. We have nice overlap and understand significant number of their challenges or their channels. We think we can bring value as it relates to plumbing showrooms and matching finishes and coordinated suites and those sorts of things that can help the top line as well, but fundamentally looking at a mid single-digit growth rate.
Keith Allman: Really – we really don’t as you know get into specifics as it relates to pricing as so much of our business is tied to one partner. I would tell you that in terms of the top line growth rate, taking out the effective Kichler, we are looking at very close to what we talked about at the Investor Day that 4% to 6% growth range for 2018 with maybe some modest amount of erosion to the core business, a little bit of price commodity headwinds. We are anticipating of course we have talked about that additional investment. And then that headwind if you will is offset by the strong incrementals we have on the growth rates. So all-in, from a core perspective leaving Kichler out for a minute, we are looking at modest erosions of the core, I would say less erosion that we saw last year.
Keith Allman: There is – in parts of the country we are seeing some issues with finding installers that would tell you that principally where the labor concerns are more on the new construction side that when you look at the strength of our R&R business, how we are doing in big box retail, the fact that we are achieving some significant growth and nice growth with our KraftMaid, which is repair and remodeling. I would say that that’s hasn’t been a significant issue for us.
Keith Allman: For us, it’s really about bringing value to each one of our distribution and customer partners and that value is different based on some of the different channels that we serve, but fundamentally it comes down to brand, innovation and customer service and that plays across trade, retail and online and that’s where we are focused. And when you look over the long-term, our relationship to price commodity has remained flush, now there is some leads and some lags as commodity cycle up and cycle down, but fundamentally, we have demonstrated that our brand innovation and service proposition enables us to make up, if you will, for commodity fluctuations.
Keith Allman: We are not running the business internally yet. We have to close on it. So, that will come. It is, I would say, more fragmented than our base business when you think about the top five competitors making up less than 50% of their market that we are addressing and going after. So, we think that bodes well in terms of our thoughts process on consolidation that certainly could be an opportunity for us in the future, but we are going to be focused on integrating Kichler and helping them become part of the Masco portfolio as effectively as possible helping to drive our top and bottom line synergies and working very hard to learn from them. They have got a great system down there. So we are looking forward to running this business and helping this business be all it could be in terms of what could happen down the road, we will see.
Keith Allman: I think it’s a combination of the work, great job that the Home Depot is doing and a combination of the great work that we are doing with regards to the brand and what we call winning with engagement. We know the formula that it takes to convert foot traffic into paint sales and that focus together with our strong brand and price point coverage and innovation and all those things that BEHR stands for has really been driving it. I am not ready to call that there has been a huge shift in the DIY market at this point, I think there will be some good low to mid single-digit growth in DIY next year and we are happy and thrilled that we have been able to take share in this market and we anticipate continuing to do that both on the DIY front as well as the PRO area, which is going very well for us.
Keith Allman: Yes, it is people. It’s a similar addition and similar thought process to what we did last year both in terms of rationale, how we are doing it and the size of it. It will be a combination of some incremental hub stores as well as some additional staffing in existing hub store areas with regards to outside pro rep. So by and large I think of it very similar to what we did last year and they will be their employees. In terms of the impact and what we expect to see from this we are planning on continued strong growth in pro planning on share gains and this is all factored into what we have talked about in that 4% to 6% growth rate in the core business.
Keith Allman: So Samuel, I can’t think about it, maybe a little bit differently than the way you are thinking about it is if I apply the new 26% tax rate to our 2017 performance that would equate to roughly $2.20 a share, up from the $1.94 and so if you think about the midpoint of our guidance roughly $2.57, $2.58 that implies a roughly 16%, 17% EPS growth. So Kichler will not be a dramatic impact to that. In terms of second part of your question in terms of price paid, multiple paid, etcetera, we are not disclosing that information at this time other than that obviously we have disclosed the $550 million of price, but multiples, I can tell you is below the company multiple that we are paying.
Keith Allman: Yes. Just we are on the company. We don’t know exactly when we are closing. We gave you and it assumes that we are operating the business for the last nine months of the year.
Keith Allman: Yes. I think the best way to look at that one, Sam, I am willing to doing it on a tax adjusted basis without the impact to Kichler, because we hadn’t really gone through the – we haven’t had the opportunity to go through a planning cycle with the Kichler team. So on a tax adjusted basis alone that $2.50 goes to $2.83.
Keith Allman: Well, Michael, the fourth quarter profit was impacted by the Arrow divestiture and the increased variable expenses that we had primarily around higher bonuses and that sort of thing. We had some softness in the UK operations that we have talked about. So, that’s kind of a thumbnail sketch of some of the headwinds in the fourth quarter. What I really was impressed with through this turnaround is that we were able to maintain very solid growth during a turnaround. My experience is that typically that doesn’t happen, you focus on the margin and you get the business right, then you start to grow. So I feel good about our growth prospects and that’s why you we are looking at sales for ‘18 in that range of 6% to 8%. So, we expect the sales to continue to grow. We will have good dropdown on that volume, but we are also continuing as we have highlighted in past couple of calls, ERP investments into this segment. Those ERP investments are going very well. We have just launched our largest plant last quarter and it went fabulously. So that’s another good sign for this business. So, I like our prospects for ‘18 and we are off to a good start.
Keith Allman: Well, thank you everyone for your time. I know the dialogue upfront was longer than we like to have. We like to allow more times for questions and answers. So year end, there is a lot of moving parts here and I look forward to one-on-one conversation, so we can make sure that we are absolutely clear and transparent about our expectations and where we expect those to come from. Thanks a lot. Have a great day.
KeithAllman: We approach our acquisition pipeline and where we targeted based on a market company value framework where we look at the overall market to determine attractiveness. We look at and determine shortlists for targeted companies. And then when we get in and look at those specific companies, we think about what kind of value we can bring. So that MCV format is what we do and have been doing for several years. We have been looking at the lighting industry for a couple of years now and we like it a lot, it’s a big industry about $6 billion in terms of revenue where we will play. It’s relatively fragmented with – which gives us the opportunity for a nice organic growth and share gain. And historically the growth profile on this industry has been in the mid single-digit range. It has similar products – excuse me has similar products and brands and is sold in a way that’s very similar to what we currently do, it’s sold through home centers, through showrooms, plumbing showrooms as well as new channels for us with electrical distributors, etcetera. And we have strong relationships with those – with those channels. Lighting is often specified by a designer who is coordinating an entire project and the showroom associate is key to that assisted sale and that is a very similar to what we do in many parts of our business currently at Masco. We know how to service that customer base and how to make it difference for them in terms of making their business more successful. So when we look at that all those factors in terms of the total industry, we like it a lot. With specific regards to Kichler and why that was on our target list and why we like Kichler so much, it really comes down to a couple of things. They have very strong brand and a very intense focus on design and innovation. They have extremely well established distribution and a focus on customer service and operational excellence. I have met some of their customers that are two, three, I even met a fourth generation customer. And I really like what I hear with regards how we are serving – servicing them and the longevity. In particular what’s attracted to me for Kichler as a company that is its culture. There is no doubt in my mind that they are product driven and customer service focus. And you can just sense and feel a permeation through the whole company that they respect individuals and individual contribution and people, so very consistent with the culture that we are driving here at Masco. So the market is very attractive to us. The company is very good company. And in terms of our value creation, we certainly see opportunities in operational excellence. We are very good at this at understanding the customer at designing and procuring from China. This will help us with logistics efficiencies. And we think we can help through the Masco operating system to improve Kichler. And quite frankly I think that through MOS, we are going to be able to take the good ideas from Kichler and apply them to Masco. So if we look across MCV market company value, this is a great acquisition for us.
KeithAllman: Yes, I think Mike here that the math that you just outlined pretty much holds. The one thing that may not be as clear as that intangible amortization that hits us the first couple of years may suppress that low double-digit margin just a little bit. So, that might be the offset that you are not picking up.
KeithAllman: So, Stephen, as we think about it, I think you had the $6 million in paint, in cabinetry, we had a little bit of a headwind to the top line to the tune of maybe about $5 million in the fourth quarter.
KeithAllman: We expect to see the benefit in cabinetry really play out in the first half of 2018, because as we consider the build cycle and as homes get repaired, cabinets is one of the last things that gets set in those projects as if to do a lot more work first. So, that’s why we think about cabinet. Plumbing there may have been a very modest benefit, but in the fourth quarter, but again we expect that to play out in the first part of 2018, but it’s only a couple of million dollars, but not a significant impact in the Plumbing segment.
John Sznewajs: Yes. Steven, the one thing I would supplement Keith’s comments and I completely agree with what he said is that due to tax reform we will probably have an incremental $200 million of cash to spend. And so could we allocate that $200 million to one of the legs of our capital allocation strategy over the course of the next 2 years, absolutely that could be the case because that took the form of either incremental acquisitions or incremental share repurchases. Definitely that’s a potential that’s out there for us.
John Sznewajs: Yes. So Keith, there is a couple of things, right. Inherently, this is a little bit lower margin than either the pain of our hardware business that we have. It’s by a low double-digit margin business. It is being impacted by as I mentioned some amortization expense, due to intangible amortization. Roughly for the first 3 years of acquisition will keep the margins suppressed in that segment and then we will start to see them some growth as we – as that kind of rolls off. So we should see some margin expansion over time. And as Keith mentioned we do see some opportunities to improve the operational efficiency of Kichler through our Masco operating system and the discipline that, that applies. And we also see some things that we can translate from Kichler back into Masco. So other things like sourcing synergies and procurement savings and logistic savings, we can realize, yes, we think there are some and we will call those out as those get more crystallized. Quite honestly, we haven’t closed on the transaction yet. So we are still working our way through some of those details.
John Sznewajs: So Michael, good morning, as we think about growth for this business, we do think it’s in that mid single-digit range. So perhaps we can work with you offline on getting some better clarity on that. But as we look at this business, it’s a nice solid growth and very much in line with the core of our other businesses.
John Sznewajs: Mike, while we are on Kichler I just want to clarify some prior comments that were made around Kichler and just so everyone is clear, the $35 million inventory step-up impacts us in the first 6 months following the transaction. I think there is – it sounded as if there might be some confusion on that and I just want to make certain that, that’s clear to everyone as to how that hits us. I should also say in the fourth quarter, we incurred about $3 million to $4 million of transaction-related expenses in the Decorative Architectural segment related to the Kichler transaction.
John Sznewajs: Mike, just one further clarification, I just misspoke a second ago $3 million to $4 million of transaction expenses sold through general corporate expense not the segment.
John Sznewajs: So John just to clarify, we do have two businesses in the UK at this time. We got Bristan, which is actually the leading shower and faucet business in the UK and really UK window business as well. And I think as we do have portfolio review on a very regular basis. And at this point in time there are no further divestitures planned, so at this point it is core of the portfolio.
John Sznewajs: I would tell you, Stephen, at the top 5, there’s about 50%, not 10% that would be hyper-fragmentation, so it’s top 5 at 50 versus what we made just typically see is a top 5 more in that 70 to 80 range. So it’s not that there aren’t big players, what we like about Kichler is that it is one of the big players in the industry. It’s clearly one of the players that has the strongest brand and the strongest customer relationships. They play over a broad swath of what I would call the middle-market. If you think about Stephen, Delta Faucet company and that positioning that’s kind of the meet of where Kichler is, Kichler reminds me a lot in a lot of ways of Delta. In terms of the secret sauce to really making this home, do they know what I think they do, because they are focused on product-centric customer service and our goal of what we will do is bring value through them through the Masco operating system and what we know about the channels and I fully expect them to bring value to us. It’s a good company with a good culture and we are lucky to have them.
