Keith J. Allman: Thank you, John. I'm pleased with our team's execution and our start to 2017. The fundamentals driving our business are strong. Demographics, namely the large Millennial group, are increasingly favorable and should drive household formations and housing for years to come. Home prices are appreciating, up over 5% year-over-year, boosting consumers' confidence to invest in their homes. Housing turnover, a leading indicator for our business, is up over 5%, reaching an annualized rate of 5.7 million units this past month, the highest housing turnover rate in more than a decade. And U.S. residential housing stock is aging, a key driver of repair and remodel spending with 70% of homes in the United States now over 25 years old, an increase of more than 19 million units in the past 10 years. The strategies that we've laid out last year to leverage these fundamentals are working. Going forward, we remain committed to investing behind our brands for growth, developing innovative products to ensure we maintain our must-have position with our customers, focusing on operational excellence through our continued deployment of the Masco Operating System, and finally, balancing our capital allocation between acquisitions with the right strategic fit and returns, share buybacks and dividends. Our operational execution, coupled with our strong balance sheet and liquidity position, provides us with multiple levers to continue to drive shareholder value and outperform the industry. We hope to see many of you at our Investor Day on May 16 in New York City when we will update you on our progress towards our goals and our longer-term strategy. With that, we'll open the call up for questions and answers.
Keith J. Allman: Phil, we really haven't changed our strategy with regards to M&A. We're actively seeking inorganic growth opportunities. It's important, obviously, to have the right strategic fit and our portfolio can generate the proper returns. So, that's fundamentally the main criteria that we're evaluating against in terms of strategy and return on invested capital. Our pipeline is large. It's getting larger, active, we measure both the size and the movement of the pipeline. There's many opportunities out there, frankly. It takes time to cultivate them and we're going to be patient. And it's important that we balance our M&A activity with our share repurchase activity, depending on the opportunities in each category. So, we look at the opportunities. We've certainly looked at what came out of the Sherwin-Williams/Valspar divestiture, but it wasn't exactly the fit that we're looking for, for various numbers of reasons and we're continuing to move. It's an important part of our strategy.
Keith J. Allman: Just to add on a little bit, our Plumbing segment is really humming, to put it simply. The teams there are executing the Masco Operating System quite well. John mentioned that we're able to get some price in the market ahead of some of this commodity inflation that we're seeing, and that's helpful, particularly in Europe. We are investing in growth and when we look at the full year in 2017 we'd expect our margins to maybe see a little bit of modern expansion, in spite of these investments, because of how well we're doing in operations and a strong dropdown that we have.
Keith J. Allman: We're going to continue to invest behind our Pro growth initiative, our DIY initiatives. This is a good segment for us and it certainly is worthy of our money and generates a great return. So, we're going to continue to invest behind this category. In terms of specifically the hub stores, we've got 200. We've got them all hired. We're bringing them up to speed. There's a bit of an investment in front of the revenue here, and so we're going to work these into a very solid payback for us and then we're going to continue to investigate with our partner, The Home Depot, where the best location is for further investments to grow. This is a good initiative for us.
Keith J. Allman: Well, I think we've talked a little bit already on Plumbing where we've got a little bit of price in Europe ahead of the commodity increase, so that's helping a little bit. But fundamentally, I think it is about incremental dropdown on our volume and the success that we're having with our Masco Operating System to drive continuous improvement across the entire supply chain, from sourcing to operations, manufacturing, efficiencies, and the like. And that, of course, leads into fixed cost improvement. We intend to maintain our diligence and our control in SG&A. As we've talked about, we're going to – my favorite investment is to invest in the core and we're going to continue to do that, so we'll work our improvements and our leverage on those growth investments throughout the year. When we think about where we'll end up, maybe a little bit of modest operation – or excuse me, margin expansion in the back half and for the full year is about how we're thinking about it. And that's pretty good, I think, considering where commodities are and as much as we're investing into the business for growth.
Keith J. Allman: Yes, we are seeing some inflations in copper and zinc and across some other commodities, and as we've talked about in the past, over the long-term, we feel that our ability to basically come out as flush between price and commodities is very strong due to our operational performance that I talked about, the strength of our brands, our innovation pipeline that gives us that must-have position on the shelf. So, there's a number of things that help us feel good about overall price commodity mix, and I think we'll be able to offset that, as I talked about overall, with some slight margin expansion as we earn our way into leverage on our growth investments throughout the year.
Keith J. Allman: Just to add on to that a little bit to John's comment. As he mentioned, we think that the DIY market was down slightly in the quarter, mainly due to some of the – specifically in the weather-sensitive categories, around stain and exterior, but we believe we've outperformed the market, and then when you couple that with our DIY performance, we feel good about it – or excuse me, our Pro performance.
Keith J. Allman: Hey, Mike, this is Keith. When we look across the pluses and the minuses and contemplate the growth investments that we're making and the time that it's going to – there's some investments, as I talked about last call and this one. Those investments are a little bit ahead of the revenue, so we've got to drive the volume, but we fully expect to do that throughout the year and get them to pay off. We are and expect to see some commodity increases in TiO2 and some of the inputs into resin, but we also have a very strong brand and a strong innovation pipeline that gives us some favorability with regards to where we are in that price/cost relationship. Overall, when we look at where we think the year will come in, we're expecting some, I would call it, modest to moderate compression on our margins, and we're at a very high level, but we expect to finish the year above the margin in terms of the long-term guidance that we've talked about in this segment.
Keith J. Allman: Well, we really haven't changed our long-term outlook on that. We call it the 10% to 13% margin expectations long-term for this business. It's going to take us some time to get there, but you know, we might – Joe's doing a great job. The team, frankly, is pulling point together very nicely. They are behind Joe. It's a nice team that we have out there and we're going to work hard to get back to those levels or get to those levels as quickly as we can.
Keith J. Allman: Trey, you may recall last call we talked about being very confident that we would exceed our $1.80 target. We felt that it was prudent to come out with some more clarity around a range of outcomes, particularly to serve as a jump-off point for our Investor Day when we're going to talk about our long-term growth strategies.
Keith J. Allman: Well, we've really attacked it. Joe's organized a plan that touches across many fronts, so we've reorganized the reporting relationships and the structures. What really happened with this business is it's changed quite dramatically from where it was say five years ago or six years ago, where we were mainly a builder line of windows making, let's call it, open to mid-price point range products and very much consistency across the factories. And then over time, that's changed to where now we have gotten a much, much broader assortment focused, frankly, on repair and remodeling, which is good for us, more steady business, more repeatable business, higher margin business. So, it's all positive, but it did induce some change over time into the requirements of the supply chain. So, there was a significant amount of work that Joe and the team have done and continue to do with regards to dialing in the supply chain that is comfortable with increased SKU count and proliferation, if you will, of a larger assortment to go after DIY. And we've made some changes to the team. I would tell you that we're recruiting and are very close to landing a very talented executive to be the President for that business unit. And the reason for Joe's promotion is obviously commensurate with his performance that he's demonstrated and the way he's done it, his prowess with the Masco Operating System, but also a strong desire to want to continue and have continuity across these two businesses. And Joe gives us that, so we're excited about it, and Joe's going to do a great job.
Keith J. Allman: On the innovation side, we've really been very proud of Behr and just building the team out there in terms of their steady pipeline of innovation that they've been able to deliver on, whether it's on the merchandising side with the Color Selection Center, to Paint & Primer in One, to DECKOVER. I mean, the list goes on and on with what they have been able to do. And as we review and look at the pipelines out there, we remain confident, and I would definitely not tell you that there's no more new products to be developed in the coatings space and Behr is going to be an active part of that in the industry.
Keith J. Allman: Yes, I would say 10% to 13% on the long-term, and yes, mid-single digits is what we're going to get.
Keith J. Allman: Well, the ERP issue really involved the rollout to one of our factories and we've got that behind us and that factory is running very smoothly. In fact, we've started to roll that out to other factories. We had a rollout to our Dallas factory in the quarter and it went flawlessly. So, yes, we're in good shape there.
Keith J. Allman: Thanks for the question, Bob. I think demand over in Europe remains solid. It's always been a case of where some of the countries run a little hotter at one point than the others, but by-and-large, when we look at Europe, we have good demand over there and we anticipate that to continue. Spain and Italy, believe it or not, has actually picked up and is performing nicely for us. So, on the European continent, and the UK is showing good solid demand. So, overall on the continent, it's good for us and outside, in terms of China and Asia-Pacific, very strong market and strong share gains for us with Hansgrohe. And we're continuing to invest in sales force to drive volume in our focused markets and innovation and design, et cetera. So, we feel good and we have a jewel, frankly, in Hansgrohe and it's doing well.
Keith J. Allman: Yes, retail promotions are good for us, oftentimes, and certainly that was the case this past quarter, our retail partners choose exclusive promotions because they want to promote the best brand in the category, and that's KraftMaid. That's good for them in terms of its driving foot traffic and it's good for us. It's profitable growth business for us and we participate in that. So, I would say overall the promotional environment was maybe up a little bit in the aisle, but it's a very solid business for us and continues to drive profitable growth.
John G. Sznewajs: Hey, Phil, good morning, it's John. Yes, so, you're right. Mix was a little bit of a benefit for us. I think the strongest benefit in the quarter came from volume, just because of the strong volume in both Delta and Hansgrohe. In terms of commodities, we are seeing a little bit of inflation in copper, but recall it takes about two quarters for any inflation to flow through to our P&L. So, we still had a little bit of a benefit here in Q1. I will tell you that we have not been trying to put pricing into the market, either, to offset some of that commodity inflation.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, so we did have about $4 million, $5 million in trade show expense this quarter that we called out in our fourth quarter call 90 days ago. That said, I think that what was favorable in the quarter was the strong volume that we experienced, and it was pretty consistent volume across both our wholesale and large retail customers. So, I think that's – because this segment generates about 30% dropdown on incremental volume, that was a big factor in what helped us, aided by the other things that we mentioned, favorable mix and a slightly favorable price commodity relationship. Also, aided was some cost productivity initiatives that we drove in the quarter, as well.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Stephen, this is John, just to follow up on Keith's comments. There might be a little bit of lag, depending on the segment, depending on the quarter, where we might be a little bit behind the inflation versus price. But, we feel like, to Keith's point, that we can maintain it over the course of the longer-term, and that's really what's reflected in the $1.90 to $2.00 that we put out earlier today.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Garik, recall that we were up against, and I think both Keith and I mentioned in our prepared remarks that we were up against a tough 9% comp. And you reflect back on what took place last year, we had very strong exterior paint sales in the first quarter of 2016 due to some very favorable weather conditions. While the weather was still pretty good, and you never really like to cite weather, we did have some impact on our exterior paint sales here in the first quarter, no surprise to anyone. But overall, our gallons were up modestly Q1 versus – Q1 of this year versus Q1 of last year. So, feel good about how we played in our core DIY market.
John G. Sznewajs: Garik, recall in our first quarter 2016 call, we identified about $4 million of underspend in Q1 of 2016, so slightly inflated margins a year ago. And the $5 million of investments this year, you know, margins were pretty well flat year-over-year.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, that's still yet to be finalized at this point. We do think that that will have a, at this point, based on what we know, a several million dollar impact. So, we'll see. I mean, I think we're still driving to low double-digit margins.
John G. Sznewajs: Absolutely, Scott (31:02). So, it really depends on what tax policy comes out of Washington over the course of the coming months as to what we do with it. But, there's a couple of things that we could do with it. If we make an international acquisition, that would be anything outside of the U.S., whether it's Canada, Mexico, or anywhere else in the world, we could use that cash to make such an acquisition and not pay any tax on that cash, obviously. The other thing that we're looking at is to the extent that tax reform does take place and there's an ability to bring that cash at a very attractive cash rate, we may look to do that, depending on what M&A activity is bubbling up in our pipeline at that time.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Tim, there was a little bit of investment in Q1 across the international businesses. One was this international trade show that we go to that cost us $4 million, $5 million in the first quarter. So, that's a component of it. And then similar to some of our other businesses, we're just making some small investments in management and some growth investments that – the four other small businesses that we have over in both UK and Germany. So, it's just some small investments that we're making across those businesses.
John G. Sznewajs: We've heard that, Tim, from others in the market, and our view is that while that may be a near-term phenomena, our view is that as the 90 million Millennials come through the system here and start getting into homes, whether they're multi-family homes or single-family homes, that they're going to be a little bit cash-strapped with their student debt and the like, and so therefore an easy home improvement initiative to undertake is painting your house. And they're more likely to be DIY painters than do-it-for-me painters. So, yes, we think while there might be a near-term – short-term issue, longer-term the dynamics play in our favor.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, I think a couple of things, Trey, that we've been seeing in the business over the course of the last several quarters and that's the continued strength we're seeing really across the business, in particular, Plumbing, as Keith mentioned early, is performing at an extremely high level. Then as you look at some of the other businesses, the sustainability and the improvement in our Cabinet operations there, and we feel very confident about how it will perform in the coming quarters, particularly once we get through the exit of this low-margin builder direct business. If you look at our paint business, again just continued solid performance from the Behr team and what they've been able to execute on both the DIY side as well as the Pro side in that business. So, that gives us a lot of confidence. And then we really are impressed with what Joe and the team are doing at Milgard to get that Window business turned around. So, if you think about each of the businesses and how they are performing, each is performing at a slightly higher level than we had initially anticipated, and so that gave us the confidence to raise our view of our performance for the balance of the year. You couple that with the $0.06 benefit from tax, and that's how you end up between that $1.90 and $2.00.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Trey, just given the unique relationship that we have with a very large customer, we don't disclose those types of items, but appreciate the question.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, no, we continue to look at about $100 million. No, you're right, John. If currency rates stay, that will probably come down a little bit off of that.
John G. Sznewajs: Mike, we've kind of walked away from giving intra-quarter numbers, just because of some of the volatility that can be induced. So, not much to comment in the quarter. I think, for the full year we do expect, again, a continued modest gallon growth over the course of 2017.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, I'll take the first part of that and I'll let Keith talk about the new products. So, yes, we did have a little bit of incremental investment. That's related to the – it's really the waterfall effect of the hub store investments that we made in the first part in the second half of 2016. So, we'll still feel the effects of those really pretty much through all of 2017, though it should be diminishing effect as the year rolls out.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Bob, I think we've got CapEx of about $200 million for the year, so probably a little bit higher than that. But, I think your net number that you calculated is probably pretty much in the ballpark.
John G. Sznewajs: Bob, we did have a little bit of seasonality going into the spring selling season, so I think our folks stocked up a little bit in order to meet anticipated demands, but I think that over the course of the year, that will tail off, and we'll get back to more normalized levels.
