Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, Maria, and thank all of you for joining us today for Masco's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. And if you would please move to Slide #4. As we have for the last several quarters, Masco's third quarter results showed strong revenue growth and margin expansion compared to the prior year quarter. We continue to execute on the strategic initiatives we laid out at the beginning of the year. As a result, this is the first time since the third quarter of 2007 that we have delivered double-digit operating margins. That outcome was driven by a double-digit increase in top line sales and strong operating leverage. We're very pleased with these results. Our leadership position in the building products industry and our focused execution against the housing recovery benefited all of our segments this quarter, with all 5 of our operating segments contributing to our top line growth. In North America, we continue to benefit from increased new home construction activity and improving trends in remodel activity, where we are starting to see an increase in bigger ticket-related items. In addition, the investments we have made to new products and programs have strengthened our business, particularly benefiting our paint and Plumbing business. We are seeing the benefit of our strict focus on cost containment, as well as our ongoing commitment to total cost productivity, as evidenced by our incremental margins. Importantly, our Installation and Cabinetry segments grew both top and bottom line in the quarter, reflecting our strong leverage to a housing recovery and significant improvement compared to last year. Our international sales and profits continue to increase, reflecting the slowly improving economic environment in the Eurozone and a solid performance by our international Plumbing and window businesses. And if you would please turn to Slide #5. As we've communicated in the past, our strategy is focused on 4 key elements to drive performance. Our commitment and investment to expand our market leadership positions was recognized by one of our major partners, The Home Depot, in its recent Supplier Partnership Meeting. Both Delta and Behr were awarded The Home Depot Partner of the Year award in their respective categories. Both Delta and Behr were also recognized for The Home Depot's top 10 innovations of the year, reflecting the emphasis we place on innovation in Masco. In addition, unrelated, Delta was awarded the EPA WaterSense Partner of the Year. We're extremely proud of Behr and Delta, and congratulate both teams on their recent wins, and thank them for their hard work and dedication. Our company-wide emphasis on cost control as sales increase is demonstrated by our improvement in gross margins, SG&A leverage and our operating margins. John will discuss that in a couple of minutes, but we're very pleased with that outcome. Our Installation segment is capitalizing on improved market dynamics and drove sales in all channels of the business. By remaining focused on profitability, they continued their trend of improving their operating profit. North American Cabinetry is outperforming the new home construction market, and is benefiting from positive trends and remodeling. We had strong growth in the quarter, reflecting the stabilization of the business. The team continues to execute on their strategic plan, positioning the business for future profitable growth. Combined, these 2 segments, Cabinets and Installation, improved by $41 million of operating profit, compared to the third quarter of 2012. In addition, we remain committed to strengthening our balance sheet and continue to improve our working capital management. In addition, in August, we retired a $200 million debt maturity with cash on hand. These strategic highlights demonstrate our continued focus on execution which produced another strong quarterly performance. And if you would please move to Slide #6, John Sznewajs, our CFO, will take you through our operating segments from a financial and operational perspective.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, John. And if you would please move to Slide #16. Our success in the third quarter reflects our commitment to executing on the priorities we identified at the beginning of the year. Our Installation and Cabinet businesses are continuing to deliver results from their focused execution against improving market dynamics. The previous actions that they have taken to improve their business will continue to deliver benefits going forward. And as John just mentioned, we reduced our debt in August and do not have any maturities in 2014. Our commitment to innovation, new products and programs and strategic growth initiatives is producing results and augmenting market growth, as indicated by our third quarter performance. We continue to manage cost aggressively and are on target to achieve approximately $160 million of profit improvements for the year. We're very encouraged by our third quarter performance and continued progress against our priorities, and we want to thank all of our employees worldwide for their ongoing effort to drive Masco's performance. And if you would please move to Slide #17. Just a couple of quick comments before we go to Q&A. The underlying fundamentals of our business remains strong, as evidenced by another quarter of sales growth and margin expansion. We expect that the positive trends in new home construction and home improvement in North America will continue. Having said that, we recognize that there are macroeconomic factors that will challenge us going forward, including the velocity of the U.S. recovery and global economic uncertainty. Despite these macroeconomic factors, we are positioned to continue profitable growth and value creation for our shareholders. Our size, scale and strong liquidity allow us to rapidly respond to increased demand in new home construction. Our focus on strengthening our brands through consumer-driven innovative solutions for our customers and consumers is driving share gains in the repair/remodel channel, furthering our strategic relationships with key customers. And our emphasis on cost control and process improvement enables us to convert increased volume with strong operating leverage to improve margins and returns. We feel very good about our year-to-date results, and are particularly pleased with our third quarter performance. We will push to close the year with a strong fourth quarter and are off to a solid start, with October sales looking to be up high-single digits percent. We're excited about the future and believe that Masco is positioned for improved operating performance in 2014 and beyond. And with that, Tiffany, we'll open up the lines for Q&A.
Timothy Wadhams: Don't have that level of detail, but the new products, particularly the DECKOVER products, had a very strong quarter for us. But as we've indicated, gallon growth has been an area of focus for both us and The Home Depot. And certainly, felt good about that outcome in the quarter. And I did see growth in other areas of the business, but the new products drove a lot of that.
Timothy Wadhams: No, I wouldn't call it a load-in effect, Dennis. We've got most of that product in, in the second quarter, as I recall. I think most of that was done -- in fact, I'm sure that it was done in the second quarter. So that was all incremental.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, we certainly have indicated in the past, Desi, the desire to want to grow gallons. And we did indicate earlier this year that we anticipate that there could be some investment that would help us drag that. So from a longer term strategy standpoint, that's certainly where we expect to be going forward. As we've indicated, we're willing to invest behind that. We did have about $10 million of additional advertising and promotion in the quarter. And that, obviously, had an impact on the margin. But I think if you'd look at the margin on a year-to-date basis, I think we're slightly above last year, maybe 50 basis points above last year, at 18%-plus. And certainly would, as we think about growth going forward, whether that's with the Pro, whether it's part of the international strategy, as we've indicated in the past, we expect that to have a very high return, but potentially some negative impact on margins. And we've also said that we still expect those returns on sales to be very strong. So that's been consistent and that's really the way we see that developing going forward.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, what's encouraging there, Susan, is some increases we saw. We've seen -- we mentioned on the second quarter call that we start to see some trends in terms of pickup that's related to both windows and Cabinets. And I think that as we think about price points, our KraftMaid brand, which is semi-custom, was up low double digits in the quarter. And we also experienced sales in the dealer channel up low double digits. And I think that those 2 facts, from our perspective, certainly, would tend to reinforce and certainly indicate that we're seeing a little bit of movement from a price point standpoint, as well as additional activity in the dealer channel. Both of those would tend to point towards more activity from a remodel standpoint.
Timothy Wadhams: The fourth quarter is seasonally -- usually, a little bit slower. And remodel activity in the fourth quarter, because of the holidays and the time of year, tends to be a little bit lower. Having said that, I don't see anything, as we look out, that would suggest that remodel isn't going to be relatively strong going into the season next year, if you will. And so we're certainly optimistic as we look ahead.
Timothy Wadhams: No, I wouldn't say that at all, Phil. In fact, if you recall, last year's October, for us, was up mid-teens. So we had a very, very strong October last year. And we're up high-single digits against that -- or we appear to be. Obviously, we've got a couple more days left in the month, but we look to be up high-single digits. So no, I wouldn't say that by any means.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I think, over time, we typically tend to be about 60% R&R, 40% new home in a more normal kind of environment. Obviously, we're not in a normal environment at this point in time. But I would expect that we would see our sales, at least, tilt towards more repair/remodel activity as time goes on.
Timothy Wadhams: I wouldn't expect it to be at the $10 million in the fourth quarter. But there could be some incremental promotional-related expense.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I would say that's somewhat inaccurate, Mike. Well, you're right about the timing of the color centers, that was 2003 that we put those in. And those have been upgraded since then. And that was a long-term investment by us. But everything we do basically, is, in large part, driven for the longer term. The penetration of the Pro, for example, that we've worked on over the course of the last couple of 3 or 4 years is certainly longer-term opportunity for us. The move into international. We picked up the Mexican business from Home Depot earlier this year. We talked about that. Those are both efforts that are really driven on the longer haul. As we continue to innovate and bring out products, that cycle continues over time and has been evidenced by our Paint & Primer in One, along with the DECKOVER product, the MARQUEE product. So we continue to be longer-term-focused in that segment. And certainly, we'll continue to look at it that way. We think we've got great opportunity with the Pro. We think we've got opportunities from an international perspective. So from that standpoint, certainly, believe that there's a lot of upside for us over the longer term.
Timothy Wadhams: Actually, all of the above, Mike. And basically, when we're promoting or when Home Depot is promoting, generally speaking, that is to attract people to different opportunities. But we've got a variety of products that, that applies to. So I think, generally speaking, that's pretty much across the board.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, absolutely, we can flex that. And it really does not have any bearing if there's a little pause here. Obviously, there was an interest rate spike and a little bit of reaction to that a couple, 3 months ago, but from our perspective, that is a pause or could be a pause. We have not seen any impact on our business necessarily, because of the 90- to 120-day lag. But as we look ahead, we are very confident, very comfortable that we ought to continue to see growth on the new home side. Our sense is 150,000, 200,000 starts a year for the next couple, 3 years on the upside. So I wouldn't necessarily see anything that might transpire here as anything other than temporary.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, it was a little bit more than half that in the third quarter. There'll be some more expense in the fourth quarter this year. And then, Garik, going forward, for the next couple of years, it'll be $2 million to $3 million each year. And we'll try to give you a sense as to in which quarter that will fall out as we incur the cost.
Timothy Wadhams: There's very little mix impact from that particular business at this point in time. We do have a little bit of a mix related to some of the new products, the source-and-sell toilet that we have mentioned previously, which has a little bit lower margin. But obviously, a nice return.
Timothy Wadhams: No, I don't think I would necessarily back away from what we've said. Obviously, we had a very, very good quarter in Plumbing, and we're really proud of that. No question about it. All of our teams did a nice job there. If you look at it year-to-date, we're at about 13.5%, I think, on a year-to-date basis. So I think that guidance for your modeling, going forward, is probably in the right spot. I mean, obviously, we'll work hard to do better than that. But I think that 13-ish is probably pretty -- a pretty good number to use.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. I don't think there was any significant mix impact, George, in terms of anything that would have been negative. We did talk a little bit about the DECKOVER product, which was launched along with some of the promotional costs to support that. But don't know that we had a negative mix.
Timothy Wadhams: No, revenue was a little bit below gallon growth. And as you saw, we did have a negative price/commodity relationship in the segment in that quarter.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, as we indicated, we haven't, at this point, seen any measurable impact. It's possible that there could be a little bit of impact late this quarter, early next quarter. But again, it gets a little murky, I think, Nishu. With the lag start issue, typically, we run about 90 days. That has been extended in certain cases, with some of the mix of multifamily, for example. Some of the labor constraints. So I think we'll just have to kind of wait and see how that plays through. But again, I would remind folks that we don't see that anything, other than as temporary, if in fact, it does hit us at some point. Our sense is that new home construction -- when you look at the fundamentals, household formation, demographics, et cetera, certainly, we expect that to be strong over the course of the next 2 to 3 years.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, TiO2 has been relatively stable. But we have seen a little bit of a tick-up in resins, which affect both paint, as well as the window-related business.
Timothy Wadhams: In terms of looking forward -- no, TiO2 has been relatively stable for a while. Obviously, I think there's some signaling from the suppliers that as demand starts to pick up, that we could see a little bit of movement there. But at this point, that hasn't happened yet. But as demand picks up, I think the probability of that happening is pretty high.
Timothy Wadhams: No, I didn't say for the year, Sam. I think the question was going forward over the longer term. I did not -- that was not a suggestion for the full year.
Timothy Wadhams: We don't generally predict margins, Sam. But obviously, this year has been a good year in Plumbing. I think what we're really seeing is the benefit from some of the growth initiative spend that hit margins a little bit over the course of the last couple of years. So in terms of looking ahead, we continue to be pretty optimistic about the way returns will flow coming forward.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, there are seasonal issues that affect the top line. And usually, the Q4, Q1 timeframe for us, tends to be a little bit slower.
Timothy Wadhams: I think -- I would think about that, Steve, is that whatever you think third quarter looks like, if you use an approximate 30% incremental margin across the company, that probably is going to get you pretty close to whatever drop we'll have for our profitability. And Tiffany, we're winding up here, but I want to thank everybody for their participation today. And have a good rest of the day. Thank you.
John G. Sznewajs: Sure, Dennis. It's John. There's a couple of things that, to your point, that -- to impact the segment. So in terms of promotional activity, we have seen promotional activity down pretty significantly compared to this time last year. In terms of raw material pricing, we have seen some of the input costs go up during the course of 2013, and we did implement price earlier in the year to offset some of those costs. But to your point, the Chinese tariff that was announced in the third quarter did impact us by about $2 million negatively in the quarter. And we have announced price increases to offset some of those -- that action specifically, later in the fourth quarter.
John G. Sznewajs: We've not seen -- I don't follow all of our competitors, but there has been -- we have heard of other pricing actions taking place.
John G. Sznewajs: Right, Desi. So project benefit. We did launch some new products under the Merillat brand earlier in the third quarter. And I would tell you that since that was launched -- it was really in September, it's tough to tell what kind of traction those are getting, since they're just hitting the dealer showrooms at this point. I think we can probably give you a better update in 2014, when we've had more experience with those products.
John G. Sznewajs: Mike, it's John. In terms of growth rates by the various channels which, you would expect, did take place in the quarter. So our direct-to-builder was up a little bit better than lagged -- 90-day lag to housing starts. So up high 20s, low 30s percentage. As Tim mentioned, the dealer channel was up double digits percent, as was the home center channels, in addition. So good strength in the cost -- the remodel channels, as Tim kind of alluded to earlier. We really haven't broken down our margin profitability by segment at all, or by channel, I should say. Though, I would point out to you that our KraftMaid product offering, which has a greater opportunity to be upgraded due to additional features and design elements, probably does carry a little bit stronger margin profile than our direct-to-builder offering.
John G. Sznewajs: Now, George, I think as we look at our Cabinet business, I think there's a couple of things that we are focused on here. One is, continue to drive innovation, and that's reflected in the product launches that we have under that Merillat brand that are coming onto market, really starting in the third quarter. That will continue all the way into the first quarter of 2014. And then, some differentiated product based on our dealer channel also looking to improve the customer experience across the organization, as part of our Cabinet offering. So those are critical items. And then on top of that, as you would imagine, always focused on our cost position and trying to get our productivity and efficiencies up. So -- and that's evidenced by the fact that we took out a component plant that I referenced in the prepared remarks. So always looking at our footprint. Obviously, volume is going to help. And -- but we're not waiting just solely for volume to come in order to drive the improvements in this operation.
John G. Sznewajs: Sure, Nishu. As we were -- both -- if you think about the incremental margins or contribution margins of those businesses, they vary a little bit by business. So at the Cabinet business, it really runs at 30% -- a little bit, maybe a little bit north of that as time rolls on. And then, our Installation segment would run at about a 25% incremental margins or so on a kind of a mid-cycle basis. So if you think about those businesses, and depending on what you believe is mid-cycle, definitely, we believe both those businesses can get back to double-digit operating profit margin area, probably a low double-digit margin for the Installation business. Maybe a little bit better than that, maybe low teens for the Cabinet business, depending on how much volume comes back and the form of the volume. Obviously, the more semi-custom offering that comes back, probably, the greater opportunity for enhanced margin.
John G. Sznewajs: Sure, Mike. Let me walk you through that. So to your point, we've had great cash flow generation this year so far. Really pleased with the efforts on behalf of everyone on the team. So as we think about our capital allocation priorities, I think they're kind of in this order of priority, right? Obviously, first and foremost, always invest in the business. Whether it's through capital requirements to continue to grow our businesses or to fund innovation or international expansion, we've seen good evidence of the success of all those efforts here in this quarter. After that, I would tell you, in the near term, probably, we'll look to pay down some debt in the next several years. So as we mentioned or you referenced, we've got $500 million coming due in 2015, and $1 billion maturity in '16. And so I think what we'll look to do between that aggregate of $1.5 billion of maturity is, that we'll look to pay down somewhere between $300 million to $500 million of those 2 maturities. We'll just figure out exactly how we'll do that when we're closer to the maturity dates. Then following that, I would look -- I would guide you to think about small tuck-in acquisitions for us. So I do not imagine a sixth or seventh product line for us, but rather, something that we can fold into one of our existing operations. And we've got some great examples of how we've done that over the course of the last several years. One would be, we integrated a small spa business into our Watkins unit in 2011, and had tremendous success growing that business just by pushing that product offering through our distribution network. Similarly, I referenced in my prepared remarks the fact that we've had good success with our composite door acquisition in the U.K. Again, a similar theme there where we've been able to quickly expand that business by offering that product through our existing distribution channel. Then after that, after debt repayment and small acquisitions, then, we would look to do more shareholder-friendly activity, whether it's share repurchases or dividend increases. We'll figure that out as we're in a better position. But for now, those are capital allocation priorities.
John G. Sznewajs: That business had done a nice job of expanding geographically. They've entered the Texas market recently. They entered Western Canada in the last year, 18 months or so. And so to the extent that there's a complementary tuck-in acquisition that makes sense for the geographic footprint, yes, that would be something we may consider.
John G. Sznewajs: Because we've got varying growth rates depending on the segment, I can give you a little bit of guidance and you can see it in the overall segment results. Obviously, new home construction was strong, as evidenced by my commentary on both Cabinets and our Installation business, where our Installation contracting business for residential new construction was up high 20s percent, in line with housing starts lag 90 days. Across a number of our businesses that deal with the dealer networks, so we referenced Cabinetry already, but we experienced a very strong performance to our wholesale customers in Plumbing, as well as our window dealers in our windows segment. Not much -- we saw some increase in our Pro business and paint, but again, it's a relatively small business compared to our very large retail business in paint. Other than that, retail sales were strong, I mean, that's evidenced by the fact that we were up by 9% or so in our paint business, which is our strongest retail-facing business.
John G. Sznewajs: Sam, as I take a look at -- and we've been trying to break this out every quarter for the last several quarters. Our Installation sales to residential new construction have pretty much, for the last several quarters, mirrored housing starts lagged 90 days now. I'd tell you, well, we are seeing a little bit differently in the marketplace. It seems like lag times for the big builders are getting back to a more normalized rate than they've been historically. Where we're still seeing expanded or lengthier lead times is with the regional or custom builders. Those seem to be running kind of in the 5-, 6-month lag time as opposed to the 90-day lag time.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Stephen, I think your commentary is pretty good, that there will be little bit of a lag in the fourth quarter as a result of pricing not going until late in the quarter.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Stephen, in terms of -- I think you had a number of questions embedded in there. But I -- trying to get I think the general theme of your commentary. Incremental margins in the third quarter were very strong. Though, we experience very strong incremental margins in this segment all year long. So I feel pretty good about the incremental margins that the team is delivering in Cabinetry. Secondly, you kind of had a series of comments or questions with respect to the fourth quarter, on how things look. I think the big question mark we have there is the remodeling. If -- to the extent that remodeling continues the trends that we've seen, that is favorable to our incremental margins and our margin profile going forward. So to the extent we continue to show strength in remodeling, could that help offset some of the negative impact of the Chinese tariff in the fourth quarter? Yes, that could be the case.
