Keith J. Allman: As we've talked about, there are really three distinct issues that we are dealing with in Milgard. First, is the warranty accrual increase. We put that analysis – we completed the analysis. That's behind us. Second, as you know, we are implementing an ERP system. We completed the first plant successfully. We used those learnings and experience, and our plan is now to methodically roll out our systems across all the other plants, but to do it in a way that avoids the peak periods, which is really Q2 and Q3. So we eliminated those quarters from our implementation plan and we're only going to be implementing ERP systems in the slow periods. That protects our customer. It's the right thing to do. And thirdly, due to a combination of strong demand for our products, particularly around painted vinyl and fiberglass, coupled with a tight labor market in the Northwest that we have, we're dealing with some labor efficiencies. We've mobilized our best talent and operational teams. We have the Senior Vice President of Operations from Delta Faucet working with the Milgard team. We have the Masco Operating System Group working with the team. And together, I'm pleased with the initial success that we have. So we're turning it around. So those are three distinct issues that we're dealing with. In terms, Susan, of your specific question going forward, I think our guidance that we talked about in terms of long-term growth is going to be a little dampened due to some of the short-term issues that we're facing. When you think about the long-term margins of this business, we haven't changed our point of view on that and we're seeing that right in that 10% to 13% range. So long term, nothing has changed. We're dealing with some short-term issues and we're making progress.
Keith J. Allman: Real good quarter, Dennis, in the retail channel. The KraftMaid brand, as you know, is the most recognized brand in the industry in R&R and that's really playing well. So, good traction there. On the dealer side, we talked about the single-digit growth that we're seeing. We've got some really nice new product introductions that we're launching, both in KraftMaid and our Quality brands, and the foot traffic that we're seeing in that dealer channel, broadly speaking, is really solid. In fact, we're seeing that pick up a little bit as we look across the – really across the entire country. So, good foot traffic, good product introductions that are helping to drive that, and we're focused on dealer growth.
Keith J. Allman: The big expense is for our new launches. We've launched new colors that we talked about in some of the prepared remarks. We've got, I think, four new door styles in KraftMaid, we have new SKUs for KraftMaid, and then a significant launch in our Quality offering. So that's the primary driver of the incremental expense.
Keith J. Allman: Yeah, we're seeing strong, steady growth across both retail as well as wholesale, and we're seeing steady growth in our United States business as well as our international business. So this is one of the most steady businesses that we have, and you hit it right on the head with regards to the strong repair and remodel component of this business that tends to level it out in terms of peak to trough. We've got strong growth, as I said. And the commodity environment, when we think about it, we've got some puts and takes, but generally speaking, we see favorable commodity environment with a little bit of pressure coming on the zinc side, but that's offset a little bit from the favorability that we're seeing in copper. So when we look at the nature of the improvements that we've made over the years with regard to targeted share gain and specific micro-segments, we look at the nature of the cost outset we've been able to drive with the Masco operating system and, really, the quality of the teams, as I mentioned last quarter, we feel pretty good about the stability of this business and, hence, our confidence in raising the margin targets.
Keith J. Allman: Well, I think the consistent thing about this recover, Megan, is that there has been some choppiness. We'll see a couple of quarters of pretty heated growth and then a little bit more muted growth. So, yeah, there was a little bit of choppiness here, but fundamentally, the demand drivers and the foot traffic that we're seeing, particularly in repair and remodeling which is over 80% of our business, are strong. Home prices continue to appreciate. Household formations continue to increase, and the demographics of the millennials as they go on at an average age from, say, 25 to 29 or 30, that's going to bode well for new household formations. Existing homes sales rebounded nicely. They're up to, I think, close to $5.5 million. And the affordability is still very favorable. So we're not only seeing good fundamentals and good traffic, but we're continuing to see good moves in terms of our mix. So our higher price point products like our high-end Delta, our Brizo brand, our Axor brand, our spa business, things like that, and our Cabinet business, which is a big ticket item, so we're seeing good positive mix. But we're also seeing good growth down in our entry-level products, which dampens down the mix benefit a bit, admittedly, but I think it – fundamentally, it's a good sign for the nature of the recovery, when you're seeing that kind of growth, both in the, call it, the household formation stage and the opening price point as well as the mix up and the higher mix. So, yeah, good foot traffic in our dealer base, good retail foot traffic. We feel good about the overall macros.
Keith J. Allman: Stephen, to be clear on the numbers, in the third quarter, we spent approximately $10 million, and then we're anticipating spending in at $15 million to $20 million range in the fourth quarter, and that does include the Liberty launch.
Keith J. Allman: Yeah, I think the big driver there, of course, is the builder direct exit, where we've exited approximately $25 million in the third quarter and probably will exit in the range of $15 million in the fourth quarter, and looking forward into Q1 of 2017, in that $10 million to $15 million range in there. So the big drag on our top line, clearly, is our decision to exit specific portions of this builder direct business, where it's just not good business for us and there's a better supplier for some of these specific builders. So that's the main driver there. In terms of our overall...
Keith J. Allman: Yeah, our focus is on growth, and we've had some significant growth in our retail business. That's a very strong segment for us. Beginning with KraftMaid, we've addressed some of our issues in that brand first, and we're growing very nicely in the dealer channel with KraftMaid. We've launched significant new product introductions with very good execution and outstanding response from the dealer base in our opening price point brand, Quality brand. So that growth hasn't been as fast as we'd like it to be, but it's improving. And this new product launch is going to help. And of course, Merillat, we're continuing to drive growth through those dealers. So in terms of your overall question with regards to the plan for this business, it's to drive growth. Now, I talked a couple calls ago about pivoting more towards a focus of growth, and we're doing that. We're seeing some good results. In the UK, it's a little bit of a mixed bag, exiting some unprofitable business and also growing in some other segments over there. But fundamentally, for us, it's about North America driving retail and dealer growth.
Keith J. Allman: I think in terms of big box traffic and dealer traffic, and when I think about dealer, it's a combination of our spa dealers that I'm close with and I have a lot of contact with and our plumbing wholesale dealers. And when you – and cabinets. I spent some time out in Boston and New York this past quarter with some dealers out there in plumbing, and they talked about very robust foot traffic. And while there was a little bit of choppiness earlier in the quarter, they're talking about how it's picked up and they feel good about it. Spent some time in the Midwest with cabinet dealers; same story. Just in general, Bob, good foot traffic and smiles on their faces, not only for our new launches, but also in general how the business was going. I was at a meeting with 15 or 20 CEOs of building builders, big builders, and they were all robust about how the overall builder market was going. So I wouldn't say I'm any more robust about the macros than I've been in the past. We've liked where they've been and we think that our brands and our price points and our channel penetration is positioned to take advantage of it. So, yeah, fundamentally, my view really hasn't changed. It's good macros.
Keith J. Allman: Yeah, on the promotional side, Stephen – I'll take that. I think there was a few questions in there on commodities and promotion. I'll hit the promo side first. We did see an uptick – a little bit of an uptick in promotional levels as our competitors are supporting their recent product launches and we did have an increase in promotion in Q3 if you compared it to Q3 of 2015. We've had good success with them this past year with the July 4th and the Labor Day promotions. We're in continuing discussions with The Home Depot on what levers to pull to drive gallon growth and it's a balance, everything from advertising and promotion, price, rebates. We're looking at everything to drive gallon growth, and we're going to continue to do that throughout the year. It's productive for us. Our relationship with The Depot has never been stronger. We're focused on gallon growth and it's working. We're focused on penetrating the pro and that's working, hence, the incremental new investment we talked about in the Pro Hub stores. So, things are doing well in paint. In terms of commodities, John, if you want to talk a little bit of what we're seeing there.
Keith J. Allman: Well, it was a great quarter for us in terms of margin, strong growth, favorable commodity environment both helped us out, for sure. We think that we're going to have additional investment in Q4 that we've talked about in promotions and a little bit in product launch, mainly promotions, so that'll be a little bit of a headwind. But again, as I've talked about in terms of the nature of our improvements that we've driven with our Masco operating system, the strong brands, and where we sit in the aisle and how well we're doing in wholesale, we're comfortable with moving our margin range up into the high teens and we think that's where it's going to be.
Keith J. Allman: The pro market, as we slice it, is about a $6 billion market. So it's a big market for us. And as you might expect, as we're ramping this up, we have a pipeline, if you will, of customers. So we're constantly out prospecting for new accounts, and the accounts that we've had now, in some cases for a year, year-and-a-half, they're starting to gain more momentum. So it really is a combination of share of wallet of the pros that we got initially and then it's also prospecting. Certainly as we add new hub stores, these new 100 hub stores that we're adding, there will be a higher percentage of new customers, but fundamentally, we're looking at both. And it's a big market and there's plenty of room for us. We're just getting going.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah, Susan, we put in the additional 100 Hub stores earlier this year and we saw very good response. And this is in an effort to attract pro paint contractors to The Home Depot stores. And so, we saw nice comp store growth for our Pro products where we had Hub store employees. And so, what we're hoping for, as we go into 2017, is these 100 new Pro Hub store reps get into The Home Depot stores that will see additional comp store growth in attraction of the pro contractor in The Home Depot store. So we're excited about the prospect for these next 100 employees.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah, Dennis, I'll start off and maybe Keith can supplement. So just to be clear, so our retail home center business was up low double digits in the quarter, and our dealer sales were up single digits in the quarter. So, to your comment about the decline in revenue due to the exit of the business, that's right. And you may recall that we started this in the third quarter of last year, but you may also recall that on our first quarter conference call, we announced that we had chosen to exit our kitchen countertop business as well as some other business on the Eastern Seaboard. And so, as a result, that has elevated some of the exits that we've seen over the course of the last couple quarters. And so, I think the third quarter and the fourth quarter will be the biggest part and it'll start to decline as we get into the first quarter of next year. So feel pretty comfortable about how the team is positioning the revenue. Keith, I don't know if you have anything to add.
John G. Sznewajs: No, no, Dennis. It has to do with display centers and the like as we launch the new products. So, that's exactly what that is. And that's what we're going to incur, because as you might expect, when you're dealing with dealers, it takes some time before – some people aren't ready to launch the new products as soon as they come to market.
John G. Sznewajs: The promotion would be an expense, Dennis, in the third quarter, but to a relatively small degree. A lot of the promotions were toward the tail end of the quarter.
John G. Sznewajs: So, Keith, to answer your second question first, the launches are both in KraftMaid as well as Quality. So really kind of both ends of the price spectrum for us, KraftMaid being our premium price point offering and Quality being our lower price point or opening price point offering. So that's it. With respect to the margins, again, I hope you guys recall, everyone on the call recalls the fact that we said in our second quarter call that the margins that we posted there were unusually high because we really had a very clean quarter with no unusual expenses or some typical investment that we may have in advertising catalogs and displays, things like that. So it was a very light quarter for all that type of activity in the second quarter. So that was more of the anomaly. So the way I look at it, Keith, is if you factor out the $5 million of expense, and with $25 million of business that we walked away from, while it was indeed low margin, it wasn't zero margin, and so there was some loss of profit on the business that we did walk away from. So net-net, as you look into that – as I look at it, it looks like to me about a 10% quarter to me for the Cabinet segment.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Stephen, it's John. Yeah, it – $10 million versus the greater spend in the fourth quarter is just a timing issue as to when some of these expenses are going to hit. And yes, the Liberty shower door win, we mentioned that on the second quarter call that we'd won that program that we'd be rolling it out in the fourth quarter. So that was contemplated as part of our $30 million aggregate number.
John G. Sznewajs: And, Bob, I guess with respect to the other part of your question, we're seeing surprising strength compared to some of the headlines that are coming out of Europe, at least within our business. We've had very good performance in Northern Europe – Central and Northern Europe and as well as Asia with Hansgrohe. And then, our smaller businesses that are in the UK, even since the Brexit decision, we've seen very good growth there. Now, we've seen some choppiness in the end markets, but our companies are performing exceptionally well there. So, we're pleased with the demand that we're seeing out of the UK at the moment.
John G. Sznewajs: Sure, Bob. I think we're going to continue our disciplined capital allocation program. Obviously, number one is always to reinvest in the business. And as you I think all know, our business is relatively capital light with about 2% of sales going into CapEx on an annual basis. And, Bob, to your point, and then the next thing we have to balance is share repurchases and M&A, and I'm pleased to tell you that we are looking at M&A opportunities, filling our pipeline. Our pipeline is robust, which is good. To your also point, the valuations are rich at the moment, but we're all looking at acquisitions that have the right strategic fit and the right returns, and so that's going to be a discipline that we instill around our M&A program. And to the extent the valuations are too frothy, will we look to buy back more stock? Yes. I think that's a balancing act that we have to call on a regular basis depending on how we see the markets develop. And then, periodically, we will continue to reevaluate our dividends as we talked – both Keith and I talked about on the call, we increased the dividend for the third year in a row here in the fourth quarter.
John G. Sznewajs: So, Stephen, if I understand your question right, the full year-over-year impact of sales loss in a dollar perspective is, I think, roughly $60 million here in 2016 all in between all four quarters, with the roughly $15 million to $20 million coming in the fourth quarter, and then another $10 million to $15 million in the first quarter of 2017. Then after that, it should really tail off pretty significantly because we made the decision to start exiting the last portion of business in the first quarter of 2016. So really, we should anniversary that effect in the first quarter. So we feel pretty good about that. And in terms of product launches, our (45:26) team constantly working on new products and working with our customers to launch products? Absolutely. Is there anything specifically we can tee up and talk about at the moment? Nothing at the moment that we feel comfortable sharing.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah, Stephen, you mentioned – well, before I get into commodities, one thing I want to amend is my prior answer. It looks like the total exit from our builder direct business, Stephen, will be will amount (47:36) to about $75 million here in 2016. So sorry about that.
John G. Sznewajs: As it relates to commodities and paint, we have seen a little bit of very modest inflation in titanium dioxide. We are starting to see a little bit of inflation, which we think might be temporary in some of the input costs that go into the engineered resins. We'll see how that plays out over the course of the next several months. So, overall, relatively modest commodity headwinds here so far in the first part of 2016.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah, so we said, Mike, that we spent – of the $30 million, spent $10 million in Q2 – or I'm sorry, Q3, and we expect the balance, $15 million to $20 million in Q4.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Stephen – I'm sorry – sorry, Nishu. As we look at the commodity hedge, principally, we hedge two commodities, that's copper and zinc, because that forms brass, which goes into our plumbing products. And so if you take a look at the price of those commodities on a year-over-year basis on kind of an average through the quarter based on what the average of the third quarter was in 2015, that impacts the movement in our hedge. And so we've seen deflation in copper over the course of the last year, and so that's what's created the favorability in the hedge vis-à-vis last year. We have alternatively seen some inflation in zinc over the same period. So that's how that all plays through. Thinking about our hedge position more broadly, because of the volatility of what we've seen, we've actually started to reduce our hedge position on our metals in terms of having contracts out there and are doing a – have taken a different form of negotiating with our vendors as opposed to relying on the financial markets for that benefit.
John G. Sznewajs: No, John, it just had to do with the timing of expense in the quarter, so I think we're $117 million or so year-to-date. And throughout the year, we did expect a little bit heavier spend in the fourth quarter, just given some of the projects that we have teed up. So I think we've got – we brought our forecast down from $190 million to $170 million, and so I think we feel very comfortable at that level. But nothing to really read into this quarter based on the expense level that we had.
