Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, Maria, and thank all of you for joining us today for Masco's second quarter 2013 earnings call. If you please move to Slide #4. We're very pleased with our second quarter 2013 results, certainly one of our strongest quarters since the downturn and a continuation of the momentum, which started for us in the fourth quarter of 2012. We continued our trend of delivering growth in the second quarter, with all 5 of our operating segments increasing top line sales and expanding operating margins. Our leadership position in the building products industry and our focused execution against rising new home construction activity particularly benefited our Cabinet, Installation and window-related businesses. Notably, our Installation and Cabinetry segments were both profitable in the quarter, reflecting our strong leverage to a housing recovery and our continued commitment to cost containment. As we previously indicated, returning these segments to profitability has been one of our prime -- our top priorities. Demonstrating the strength of our brands was a strong sales contribution from new product introductions, particularly in our paint and Plumbing businesses. And despite challenging macroeconomic environments in the Eurozone, our international sales increased in the quarter, reflecting strong performance by our international Plumbing and window businesses. And if you would please turn to Slide #5. As we've communicated in the past, our strategy is focused on 4 key elements to drive performance. We expanded our market leadership by continuing our legacy of introducing new products and programs, which matter to both our customers and the end consumer. Our Decorative Architectural businesses introduced new products at retail, which have exceeded expectation. And we continue to reap the benefits from previously-introduced products and programs with our North American faucet and toilet businesses, which delivered mid-teens growth in the quarter. Our emphasis on cost control is evident in our continued SG&A improvement. As I mentioned, we continue to see improvement in our Installation and Cabinet segments. Our Installation segment is capitalizing on improved market dynamics and drove increased sales in all channels of their business. By remaining focused on profitability, they continued their trend of improving operating profit. The new management team that's been in place in our North American Cabinet business for the past year has had a positive impact on that business. The segment reached profitability in the quarter and continues to execute on their plan of stabilizing the business and positioning it for future profitable growth. Combining these 2 segments, our Cabinet and Installation business improved by $26 million of operating profit versus the second quarter of 2012, and we're obviously very pleased with that performance. In addition, we remain committed to strengthening our balance sheet and continue to improve our working capital during the quarter. These execution highlights produced a very strong second quarter, and we're very pleased with the trajectory of our performance. If you please move to Slide #6. At this time, I'd like to turn the presentation over to John Sznewajs, our Chief Financial Officer. And John will walk us through our segment operating performance.
Timothy Wadhams: Thank you, John. And if you would please move to Slide #16. Our success in the second quarter reflects our commitment to executing on the priorities we identified at the beginning of the year. Our Installation and Cabinet businesses are steadily delivering results against improving market dynamics. We expect that the previous actions they have taken to improve their business will continue to deliver benefits going forward. Our commitment to innovation, new programs and strategic growth initiatives is producing results, as evidenced by our second quarter performance. And as John mentioned, debt reduction is slated for a couple of weeks from now with cash that we have on hand. We're encouraged by our second quarter performance and the continued progress against our priorities. And we certainly want to thank our employees worldwide for their ongoing efforts to drive Masco's performance. And if you would please move to Slide #17 and a couple of comments before we go to the Q&A session. While we're pleased with our first half performance, we recognize that we still face macroeconomic challenges that we'll have to manage. The recovery in the U.S. is less than robust, and the Eurozone continues in recession. While new home construction in North America continues to increase, the composition of starts, at least at this point, continues with more multifamily homes, which has an impact on our mix. And commodities have, for the most part, temporarily eased. However, the potential for unforeseen volatility continues to exist. Despite these macroeconomic factors, we're committed to delivering strong performance, and we've demonstrated our ability to capitalize on the improving market dynamics we are all experiencing. Our market-leading positions, supported by our strong liquidity, enable us to respond to increased demand in new home construction with greater agility. Our brands and our commitment to innovation represent strengths we can leverage in the repair/remodel channels to gain share and increase our strategic relationships with our key customers. And fundamental to delivering that strong performance as we realize additional growth opportunities, we are confident that our operating leverage, driven by our scale and our emphasis on cost containment, will deliver meaningful incremental profits. We're encouraged by our first half 2013 results, and particularly pleased with the strength of our second quarter. We have solid momentum going in the second half of 2013, and we're off to a good start in the third quarter, with July sales up low-double digits. And with that, I'd like to open up the call for questions.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, Europe hit us a little bit on the negative side on that, Bob. And thanks for your comment in terms of the quarter. But yes, Europe hit us a little bit on the top line, and we had a little bit of a mix issue, as John mentioned, relative to top line. We were up 8% in North America in terms of Cabinets overall, and had a little bit of mix impact. But felt like we had a pretty decent quarter, did a good job on the dealer channel, good job with big builders, obviously.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, thanks. Yes. The issue there, Bob, is traditionally, we have -- almost all of our advertising spend takes place in the second quarter, and so when you compare second quarter to first quarter, you've got that delta. And in this particular quarter, as John mentioned, we had some additional costs related to new programs, as well as some incremental advertising costs above last year. As we mentioned before, our primary objective when -- in the paint category is to drive gallons. And as John mentioned, we had a nice lift in terms of a mid-single-digit increase in terms of gallon growth versus last year.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. Lower price points, Dennis, obviously, with paint and faucets have done well for us over the course of the last couple of years. But what we've seen, and we talked a little bit about that in the first quarter, is a little bit of pickup in terms of windows for replacement or remodel, as well as Cabinets. As we mentioned, dealer sales in Cabinets were relatively strong in the quarter related to last year, so we've seen a little bit more activity there. I think it's still a little bit early to declare victory on the bigger ticket side, but trends seem to be indicating more foot traffic, more interest and certainly a little bit of pickup in terms of execution.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, I think that what I've seen more recently is it looks like things have stabilized to a certain extent in Europe, at least that's what some of the economists seem to be indicating. We are, as we've said before, Keith, we're positioned in the United Kingdom, which is 1 of the 2 economies that I think are expected to have positive GDP this year, along with Germany. And so our position there has been pretty stable over the course of the last several quarters. We did have a nice lift in that quarter with our window business -- in the second quarter with our window business, which is in the U.K. And then, of course, Hansgrohe, with their international reach, if you will, continues to do a nice job with some of the project works, some of the new markets that they've entered. So that tends to give us a little bit more balance. So I would expect that we'll continue to do well with Hansgrohe going forward. There's no question about that. I don't particularly anticipate a big lift at -- from an economic standpoint, but I think our businesses will continue to perform pretty well. You might remember that we've been up in local currencies in Europe over the last 2 years, as I recall, fairly modest but still up. And I think that as things get better, we would expect to do a little bit better than we've done in terms of the last couple of years.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. On the Pro side, George, we continue to show nice increases year-over-year. We haven't quantified that, but we continue to get some nice penetration there. We've done some things to repackage our KILZ brand, done some formulation work there. And that activity seems to be paying off fairly well, and so we're encouraged by that. As it relates to MARQUEE, MARQUEE is doing well. We launched both MARQUEE and a new product that we call DECKOVER, and both of those are doing well in the marketplace. DECKOVER, given the time of year and the nature of that product, has really been a grand slam for us. It's just performed exceedingly well. In fact, we've had a little bit of problem, quite frankly, from a supply perspective in a couple of situations, so we're ramping that up. But both of those products are performing well for us at retail.
Timothy Wadhams: A little tough for us to respond to that. We didn't really break it down between Pro and DIY. As we indicated, we were up mid-single digits in terms of gallons. But that would really apply to both retail and Pro. I can't tell you it's 6 and 6, but it certainly would represent increased gallons in both those areas.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, it's a more mix issue, Mike, in terms of the large increase that we've had on the new builders side -- or new home side, excuse me, particularly with some of the larger builders. So that's more of a mix-related issue in terms of the analysis that you just did.
Timothy Wadhams: Well, July was pretty much, across the board, came in strong. As we mentioned, low-double digits, and there really isn't anything unusual going segment by segment. I mean, all segments had some strong results there. We talked a little bit earlier about the R&R side of things, and as we indicated in the press release, seen some improving trends there. As I mentioned previously, lower ticket items like faucets and paint have continued to do well. But we are seeing a little bit more activity around windows for replacement or remodel, as well as a little bit more activity from a Cabinet standpoint. I wouldn't necessarily want to predict what the second half would look like there. I mean, our sense is that, that ought to continue. I think some of the fundamentals, when you think about housing turnover, you think about the fact that home price appreciation has continued, which is certainly a plus in that regard, consumer confidence is ticking up a little bit, job growth is there. So it would feel to me like, assuming that, that continues in the second half, we ought to continue to see positive trends in those 2 bigger ticket items for our business.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I would think from a capacity standpoint, Ken, that things are fairly balanced. You might remember that about 1.5 years ago or so, we took a couple, 3 plants out in the West and certainly, feel like our capacity's in a very good spot at this point in time. And yes, what I would say is that we are a regional business, and when we talk about increases, we're talking about, in terms of share, talking about the regional market that we play in. And Milgard's continued to just do a very good job. It's a great brand. We've had some new product introductions that have helped, a lot of focus on dealer relations and the pipeline in the dealer channel. And obviously, in the West, we've seen some improved repair/remodel activity. So I think it's more a market dynamic and the fact that we're executing at a very high level and we've got some new product in the channel.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. And Ken, that's been a dynamic for the last couple of years. So we have not had significant price/commodity impact in that segment over the course of the last couple of years. So I think to John's point, we've been successful managing price increases that have been placed in the market.
Timothy Wadhams: No, I did not mention it, Sam. And we have made a decision not to provide that going forward. Basically, that doesn't say a heck of a lot about our business. It does give some readthrough, if you will, to a couple of our customers, and from their perspective, they would appreciate it if we didn't disclose that particular metric. So we've decided not to do it. Obviously, as you look at our segments and think about paint, think about Plumbing, think about the commentary that we do by channel, you can get a pretty good perspective of how we're doing in that particular area of the business. But from our standpoint, that doesn't really lend a whole lot to understanding Masco's performance.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes. The other thing, Nick, that I think is kind of important there is that folks who are interested in a higher-end cabinet, our semi-custom, for example, if they're not going to buy it now, they tend to wait. And so we're not seeing people necessarily trade down in that channel. So -- and I think that's another nugget, if you will, in terms of just the way people are starting to think about things. At least, that's what we're feeling in the marketplace.
Timothy Wadhams: I think it's a combination of really getting new opportunities with builders, and again, as John had indicated, we've always been strong across the -- with the local or regional guy. But I think what's really happening there is that the bigger builders are taking share, that when you think about the new home activity, a lot of that is being picked up by the larger builders.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, June was up mid-single digit in terms of sales. You're correct. April was up mid-teens. May was up low-double digits. So there was a little bit of a drop, vis-à-vis those 2 months. But as I mentioned, July came in or it looks like it's going to come in. We don't have the final numbers yet, obviously, but it looks like it's going to come in at least at the low double-digit kind of range. So I'm not sure I'd read too much into that, Adam. I think that given the strength of April, May coming off of a relatively slower first quarter, we talked about that from a weather perspective. So I think there was a little bit of a lift there, weather related. June came in about what we anticipated, quite frankly, in terms of our planning. So there wasn't necessarily anything unusual relative to June. And as I indicated, July has picked up again to at least what appears to be a low double-digit area.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, we don't necessarily break out the contribution or haven't tried to aggregate that, Mike. But basically, you might remember from some of our presentations that our vitality index currently is running above 30%. And in our vitality index, our new products -- manufacturing products, that excludes our Installation business, but basically, those are products that we've introduced within the last 3 years as a percent of our total sales, and that's been above 30%. My guess would be, given the strength of what's taken place this year, we should certainly be, in 2013, above that 30% level going forward. And that really reflects the emphasis we've put on innovation, some of the new programs we've come out with, the toilet programs, some of the faucet programs. And we certainly see that as a very fundamental part of our strategy going forward, and a continued area that we'll certainly be emphasizing.
Timothy Wadhams: I think the way to answer that, Steve, is really talk about our contribution margin. Obviously, the incremental profits have been a little bit higher than 30%, which is basically the contribution margin across the enterprise. We've talked a little bit about that by segment. But I think from a modeling perspective, if you were to use the 30%, that'll get you into the right ballpark. We've had a little bit of benefit, as John mentioned, from price/commodity relationships that tend to help that. But I think if you use the 30% contribution margin, I think that is a very good proxy for what ought to drop to the bottom line on incremental volume. As we've said a couple of times, when we have a new program, that's a little bit different. Those incremental margins can be a little bit less than that, because you've got additional advertising or merchandising-related costs, which would be true with, for example, with our new toilet program.
Timothy Wadhams: I wouldn't necessarily say so, Stephen. Again, when we think about incremental or contribution margin on volume, that's pretty constant. Typically, on the repair/remodel side, you might have a little bit of additional advertising-related cost or merchandising-related cost. But again, that blended 30% is a pretty good way to look at it.
Timothy Wadhams: I don't know that I would necessarily read too much into the fact that the first month of the quarter, for the last couple, 3 quarters, has been strong. We're not complaining about that at all. I mean, we certainly have enjoyed some pretty good starts to the quarter. If you go back to January, as well as April and July, there's no question. And again, I think that anytime you're in a recovery, it's going to be a little lumpy at times, and you're going to see order patterns change a little bit, buying patterns by consumers change a little bit. I mean they can move around, and I think that's more indicative of the fact that we're still coming off of a bottom here that's been pretty protracted. The recovery in housing has been pretty strong and pretty solid over the course of the last 1.5 years or so. But when you look at GDP and the overall general economic environment, it's still relatively weak. So I think we're going to probably see some movements like that. But I think that from a trend standpoint, we're not experiencing anything that is concerning to us about the order patterns per month or the monthly results. I mean, we have been able to -- we forecast things, obviously, like everybody else. And generally speaking, our forecasts have been pretty good from a monthly perspective. So I don't know that there's anything necessarily unusual there.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, that certainly doesn't suggest, Susan, that we're not always looking for incremental opportunities, whether it's process improvement or other efficiencies. I mean, we continue to drive for that, and certainly, we'll continue to push hard. But to John's point, we'll update you with that as we go along.
Timothy Wadhams: Sure. Yes, I think your focus is right, David. We did put a lot of emphasis on the cost side and have made very good progress there. We also think we've made some improvements in terms of the 3 brands. You might remember that, in February, we launched a new product for the KraftMaid brand. As I think John indicated in the last call, we've got a major, in fact, the largest in the history of Merillat's existence, a new product launch coming up this fall. So we think we've made some good progress there. We are working to do a good job to clarify what all of those brands represent. And to the extent that we think about good, better, best in terms of our quality brand, our Merillat brand and our KraftMaid brand, we think we've got good distinction there and certainly feel like we're starting to see a little bit of a lift in terms of the marketplace and a good response to some of the things that we've done to position those brands. So I think we're in a good spot. Obviously, we think we've got some good upside in that segment, and we've got to continue to demonstrate that going forward.
Timothy Wadhams: Yes, I think, David, we'll continue to push there, but John and the finance team, Dave Brown and our supply chain guys and our business unit folks have done a very, very good job over the course of the last couple of years. I mean, there's no question about it. But we'll keep pushing. We can always do a little bit better. And our folks are committed to make that happen. And with that, I want to thank everybody for participating today, and we'll turn it back to you, Regina.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Mike, it's John. I'd tell you that the majority of that $10 million was program-related costs and that the price/commodity relationship was just a minor piece of that $10 million. To the second piece of your question about how do we think about that going forward, hopefully, we'll have some additional program costs going forward, because that reflects the fact that we're getting additional business with our home center customers, our other customers. So but if it -- as you know, those things are tough to predict, so it's tough to say how those will play out in the segment going forward. But we'll continue to keep the investment community apprised as we win new programs in -- at retail.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, again, that's an Installation national contract as well. I don't believe we have 100% of their business, but I think it's a vast majority of their business, because they may have some developments or communities where we don't have resources. So -- but yes, again, the team down at MCS has done a fantastic job of dealing with the big builders and winning these national contracts.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, sure, Dennis. I think our goal for the year is at about 15 branches at MCS by the end of the year. I think to date, we're at about 9 so far, and not all of those are full branches. I should remind you and the rest of the folks on the line that we're taking a very thoughtful look about how we expand the business as it relates to our branches. So in a number of areas, we're adding unmanned strategic stocking centers, where we are -- where we just drop inventory, and our crews can go there and pick up inventory to expand the geographic presence that we can cover. So -- and those, we believe, will ultimately turn into full branches once they've got enough volume in that area where it warrants a full branch. So we're trying to keep our costs in control as we slowly grow that business.
John G. Sznewajs: I think it improves it slightly, but I don't think we're going to materially deviate from that sort of 25% incremental margin that we've been guiding you to over the course of the last year or 2.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Keith, that would abate. That was kind of a onetime cost to get those products into the store shelves and in front of the consumers.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. Nishu, we have experienced some labor tightness around -- in various markets throughout the United States, but it's not a uniform tightness. So certain markets like Texas, Northern California, the Denver area, we've experienced some tightness in our labor. But we've hired more than 500 people across the organization since the beginning of the year to support the growth, and that's not just in our Installation business, but that's company-wide. And we've not had a significant issue in terms of finding people. We offer benefits, where many of the competitors that we're up against are smaller competitors and may not have a benefit package they can offer to their employees. So getting people in the door has not been an issue for us at this point.
John G. Sznewajs: No, at this point, Nishu, it's not been an issue across any of the manufacturing operations. We do actively recruit all the time to ensure that we've got an adequate pipeline of labor, and we feel pretty confident about where we stand today.
John G. Sznewajs: And Ken, just to add to Tim's comment just to refresh your memory, we do our own extrusions within Milgard. So we don't really take a look at the extrusion industry and what's happening out there. We feel pretty comfortable about our internal capacity.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes. Ken, as we have historically said, maybe to address your last question first. We've typically experienced about 25% incremental margins in this segment on volume, and that's about where we're at right now. We've been very consistent on that over the course of the last several quarters, so the volume has been pretty good. In terms of how we grow this business, we are being very thoughtful about where we see demand increasing, and then placing our R&D strategic stocking centers, that we talked about a little bit about earlier, in those locations where -- that are seeing that growth in demand and going after it with our large builder and then also our more traditional local and regional builders as well. So we cut across all the customers in that segment or that business. So we feel very good about the execution that the team is delivering there.
John G. Sznewajs: No, if you're asking about the fact that there was some Installation pricing that was put out in the marketplace in the second quarter, I'd tell you that we worked hard to offset that -- those increases by working with our suppliers, focusing on our own internal productivity, but then also, in certain instances, passing through price as required.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Sam, it's John. We -- I think it's fair to say that we had modest share increases year-over-year in Cabinets at home centers. I'd also tell you that sequentially, as we talked about in our first quarter call, that we had stronger share gains from Q1 into Q2, as some of our competitors rolled off some of the aggressive promotional activity that they were undertaking, and we've been very consistent with our promotional activity. So as we -- as I referenced on the first quarter call, you're going to rebalance after the end of those promotional periods. So feel pretty good about where we're at, as always, continue to focus on that aspect of our business to try to grow it.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Nick. We're are starting to see some evidence of that, as people shift up from some of our lower basic rate products to things like all-plywood construction, some of the premium door styles and finishes. We are seeing some of those trends in the marketplace.
John G. Sznewajs: No, we did not quantify, Adam. Partly, if you recall Tim's comments a couple of minutes ago about the strength of some of the activity surrounding those new products, we don't think that there was much of a load-in impact in the second quarter just given the strength of the sell-through that we saw on those products.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, Mike, you got a couple of questions embedded in there, so let me try to -- make certain that I get to all of them. So I think your first question was around the mix of business Installation versus non-Installation. And right now if you look at our contracting business, it looks like about a 2/3, 1/3 kind of mix, 2/3 being Installation, 1/3 being the diversified products that we call them, things like fireplaces, gutters, garage doors and after paint. Also, I think you asked about the profitability of Installation versus the diversified products. And I'd tell you, you might expect that -- we've always been a large buyer of installation, so I think those products do have slightly better margins than our diversified products. But I would tell you that our diversified products, the ones that we're still in, are much better than the diversified products that we had several years ago, just given the breadth that we had. And was there a third question embedded in there, Mike, that I may have...
John G. Sznewajs: Clearly, Mike, because we've narrowed the scope of the number of diversified products, it won't nearly get to be the size that it was in the last cycle. That said, I think what we're trying to do is better balance the business for the long run, and that includes looking at focusing on the retrofit business, where we do have dedicated salespeople going after that business, and then continue to focus on both Installation and diversified products with all of our customers. So I think there's -- the foot's on the gas across all 3 kind of -- all 3 product categories.
John G. Sznewajs: Susan, as we took a look at it and what we've come in with year to date, I think we're comfortable with the goal. As you might recall, we undertook a pretty significant activity in the back half of last year, which impacts, obviously, the first half of the year. So maybe that's some of the progress we've made year to date, the strength of it won't be as great in the back half of this year, and so that's way we're sticking with the $150 million at this point. But we'll update you again at the end of the third quarter.
John G. Sznewajs: Well, clearly, compared to the last 4 or 5 years, when there was virtually no M&A activity in our industry, the increase in the number of businesses that seem to be coming to market has increased nicely. And you would expect, being one of the leaders in the building materials industry, we do take a look at a lot of the folks that do come to market, and we are being very selective about how we think about M&A. Just to give you a sense, I mean, you should not anticipate that we would add a sixth or seventh product line at this point. Though we might consider a small tuck-in, like we did for our U.K. window business earlier this year. So those are the types of things that we're looking at, at this point, Susan.
John G. Sznewajs: David, we have been pleasantly surprised at how the entire team across the enterprise has driven our working capital improvement over the course of time. And so every time I think we've hit a new low, we, next quarter, do another new low. So I feel pretty good about it. Incrementally, I don't think it's going to get significantly better. Do we still have opportunities there? I'd say we do. I think our receivables and payables are probably in about as good a shape as we're going to get them. I think there's still some opportunity to take a look at inventory across the spectrum. So I'm hopeful that there's some opportunity for further working capital improvement, and we're going to go after it without a doubt. But it's been a great team effort so far in getting where we're at.
