Keith Allman: Matthew, when you think about our margin targets for 2021 that we setup at the Investor Day, we need to remember that, that was based on a significantly lower volume expectations, for 2021. I think we had Plumbing, in that 18% to 18.5% range, Deco was 17.5% to 18% and overall Masco, just shy of 17%. And as I said, this guidance was based on a low volume outlook. And as we've talked along in this call and in other calls, we leverage volume very nicely. So there is lots of variables. And we'll continue to invest in our brands, innovation and service, like we talked about. And that will certainly be somewhat of a headwind, if you would, to margin expansion. But with strong R&R fundamentals and increased volume, I would think that we would be able to exceed those targets and margins that we talk about, at our Investor Day in 2021.
Keith Allman: There is a couple of things that are interacting, as we think about Plumbing in the fourth quarter. Recall that, once the pandemic hit, we very swiftly enacted significant cost-cutting measures, as we are in the throes of assessing what exactly the impact was going to be on liquidity, on cash flow, et cetera, and on demand. And we demonstrated I believe, with our third quarter results, that our demand has remained robust. So, now as we move into the fourth quarter, we do expect to see some increased production costs. Certainly, overtime, higher bonuses, higher volume rebates, probably we'll have some additional - a little bit of additional air freight, as we continue to balance out inventories in our supply chain. And keep up with strong demand. Commodities will be a little bit less favorable, as we look forward. And we do anticipate, as I talked about, bringing back some additional investment spend, to make sure that we are going to win in the recovery. We talked about investment in brands, and advertising and marketing, continued and increased investment in innovation. So that's the dynamic that we're looking at as we think about margins. Q4, really, pretty similar for the other segment as well, but definitely for Plumbing.
Keith Allman: They did a great job, really impressed with the team down there. Continue to execute, I would say, better than planned, at or better than planned. So we achieved growth. That was very solid. And the team is doing a good job or on plan.
Keith Allman: Well, I'll take this one, Mike. Germany, which, as you know, is Hansgrohe's largest market and China which is also a very large market for us, each drove below double-digit growth in the third quarter. So we did see good growth. We also saw growth but to a lesser extent in other European countries, Italy, the Netherlands, for example. But as I said in my remarks, there were also other countries such as the UK and Spain that have been slower to recover. So when we think about Europe in the third quarter, it was good. It was robust for us. As it relates to the fourth quarter, we're watching very closely what happens. And yes, you're right, there has been some tightening, and they're doing it in a little bit different way than we are here. They tend to be more metropolitan area focused, meaning they're being more pinpointed in the types of restrictions that they're employing, whether it's cutting the time in certain cities that restaurants can be open or closing certain types of venues like cinemas, movie theaters, et cetera, on a city-by-city basis. So they're being more surgical. And I think just like around the world, there's more experience on how to work through this. So it remains to be seen what the ultimate impact will be. But I think what we've demonstrated is that we have the ability to be agile, if you will, and to very closely monitor the situations and pull the cost levers appropriately if needed. So right now, we're really watching, particularly over in Europe.
Keith Allman: Yes, Adam, as you might expect, as we exited this second quarter because of the strong demand that we were experiencing at the end of Q2, inventories were relatively low in the channels. And as you think about the growth drivers for the third quarter being volume and inventory restocking, I would tell you that volume was, by far, the much more significant driver of growth. Inventory restocking was a relatively light impact in the quarter.
Keith Allman: Lighting is a relatively less expensive purchase that you can create some pop and a new look in your house. So much like of many of our products, which are in that sweet spot of the price point and bang for the buck, if you will, we also saw that in Lighting. So we saw good growth across our channels, and Kichler participated in that growth. As we said, Kichler grew. And as I mentioned before to an earlier question, we're on plan, maybe even a little bit ahead of plan, and I'm pleased with how the team is performing. And our objective was to position Kichler for growth next year, and we had growth this past quarter. So, I like what I'm seeing.
Keith Allman: Right now, Truman, we're managing through with our current capacity. Typically, we would use the slower months in the beginning of the year and early Q2 to build inventory. We didn't have that luxury due to restrictions and uncertainty and everything that was going on at that point. Now we do have plans to selectively add some capacity where we need it. We talked a little bit about the resurgence and the increase in demand of one gallon filling - one gallon paint due to paint due to the tremendous shift over to DIY, where they DIY or tend to buy more one than five. So we had to buy and purchase some additional capacity in one gallon filling lines, that sort of thing. So there's some spot capacity in certain types of machinery where we've had to add. But really, there's, then, no significant capacity issues. At some point, we're likely going to increase capacity in certain areas, but not in immediate horizon. In terms of the inventory position in the channels, I would say that inventory is probably a little bit light for where we would like to see it and where our channel partners would like to see it. So may see a little bit of inventory fill as we move through the year.
Keith Allman: A lot of variabilities there, Keith. What happens to the virus and what happens to the consumer psyche as it relates to pros being allowed in your home, the fact that in the late year, it moves more towards interior. So there is a lot of variables that we have to think about.
Keith Allman: That's a crystal ball kind of question. And I wish I had one. The way we think about what could happen, either positive or negative, it kind of turns on a couple of things. One is the discretionary spend. So is the discretionary spend of the consumer going to continue to be, at a rather high level now, as it relates to reduction in spend in other areas, like entertainment and going out, et cetera. And what could potentially happen, if there was a reduction or no stimulus if the virus got worse, those sorts of more downside scenarios. So where does the discretionary spend go? Is there more or less discretionary spend? Then the second component is what share of wallet of the consumer is going to be spent on the home? Obviously, we've seen a significant spike in that share of wallet, being spent on the home. And will that continue. I don't think it's probably prudent to think that, this is going to stay, at these elevated levels in perpetuity. Probably would revert back to the mean. But at the same time, we do believe that there has been some structural changes, to the DIY market. And we talked about last quarter some of our own research, and I've certainly talked to other people in the industry and our channel partners in terms of some of their research, and you simply can't deny that the millennials have entered in and entered in big into DIY. And that is earlier than we expected. We expected it, but it's earlier. So that could represent a structural expanding of the DIY pie, if you will. So don't have a crystal ball answer for you, but those are three things that we're thinking about as we evaluate positive and potentially negative scenarios.
Keith Allman: I think it would probably be mainly on discretionary spending. I really wouldn't see significant structural cost reductions. When you think about where our brick-and-mortar capacity is and how it's lined up, we're in pretty good shape there. We had good utilization going into the pandemic, and we have outstanding utilization now. So I think on the upside scenario, we could see a potential investment and some capacity down the road. We obviously work very hard to get more out of the assets that we have, do better with what we have sort of thing in terms of efficiency and how we use our assets. And then the downside, we would flex down on the discretionary. It's kind of how I would see it.
Keith Allman: We've been - I'll talk first, maybe Keith can add some color afterwards. So our team have done a great job of driving efficiency within our facilities such that, Garik, we don't need to add any brick-and-mortar capacity in the near term. We are - as Keith mentioned earlier, we are investing a little bit - 1 gallon capacity in the pain side because that's where the demand has been the strongest over the course of the last couple of quarters. That said, if demand continues to go at the current pace at it is, I would estimate that we might need to expand some of our facilities probably in the 2022 or 2023 time frame. It's not going to definitely be a 2021 investment. But that might be the soonest that we have to do it. We'll have to see how the demand plays out over the course of the next couple of quarters.
Keith Allman: I think consumers were becoming more comfortable and feeling more safe to go into plumbing showrooms than to go into those areas of the trade channel that they really shut down for a while - literally shutdown and then we shut down in the sense of not being comfortable going in them. So I think the consumer engaging with that part of the channel as it relates to showrooms was a big plus. And we're very strong in the showroom. So that set right into our sweet spot. So I think that was a big component of it all. So to a degree, the consumer is a little bit more comfortable with having plumbers in their home, and there's a component of repair where when something like that breaks, it has to be fixed. So whether it's a washer or dryer or in our case, a faucet or a shower system. So I think those are the dynamics that drove the trade.
Keith Allman: Tim, it's a time of year where we're typically working through the promotional cadence for the subsequent year. And as we think about it right now, and it's - promotional cadence is driven by our retail partners. We don't necessarily try that. We work with them and how our participation will play out. But our guess at this point is they're going to be thoughtful about it like they were this year to the extent that the virus is more muted. I would - to your point, I would expect to see a more normal cadence of promotional activity to the extent that there's a more aggressive virus out there and they want to limit consumers going into their stores, they may pull back on that. So it's hard to determine right now exactly how it's going to play out for 2021. But we're going to work very closely with our channel partners to figure out how we can best and most effectively participate in whatever promotions they decide to run.
Keith Allman: Phil, Keith here. It's too early to call '21. As I said, we do expect growth in 2021. And we have a strong consumer. We have a strong brand. We have the best service. When you talk about our DIY paint, we have a great channel partner. So we would, and we always do, invest and drive our teams for growth. And that's how we're thinking about it.
Keith Allman: Thank you to everyone for participating in the call. I really appreciate it. Please stay safe. And we will talk to you next quarter. Thank you.
John Sznewajs: Yes, John, maybe I'll take this one. In terms of - yes, I mean, if you think about our performance in the third quarter in plumbing, yeah, as we exited Q2, one of the things that Keith mentioned, we really clamped down on expenses at the start of the pandemic and we kept them constrained going into the third quarter. And so as you think about typical expenses that we might be running, particularly in the SG&A area, like a lot less travel and entertainment, right? Because virtually, we're not having our teams travel very much. Things like promotional expense were down significantly in the quarter. Things like trade shows that we would typically attend all down in the quarter. And so that led probably to a little bit better margin expansion on top of the benefits we enjoyed put the operating leverage in Q3. And so as Keith mentioned, as we roll from Q3 into Q4, we're watching, we're trying to contain our expenses as best we can, but we have to appropriately reinvest to grow the business. And so we are viewing the fact that we may need to layer some of those costs back in as we go into Q4.
John Sznewajs: Yes, sure, Mike. It's John. In terms of commodity costs, yes - and certainly, in Q3, you have some benefit. All of the drivers of our margin expansion in Q3, I'd say volume and cost productivity were much bigger drivers of our Q3 performance and obviously, commodity inputs. Looking forward, as you think in our Plumbing and you think about the base metals, copper and zinc, they did help us and gave us - provided us a little bit of tailwind in the third quarter. But recall that we've seen copper and zinc start to increase particularly in the second quarter. And as I think - as we've said before on other calls, I think it's about two quarters for raw material inflation to flow through, particularly the base - the copper and zinc before it hits our P&L. And so that will be a little bit less of a tailwind, a little bit more of a headwind as we go into Q4. As it relates to the input costs for paint, our price commodity relationship was a bit of a headwind in the quarter. And we expect that to increase a little bit as we go into the fourth quarter if present prices have started to rise up a little bit because oil has risen over the course of the year. So that's where we're looking. TiO2, I would say, has remained relatively stable, not a lot of up or down movements there. So as we go into the fourth quarter, we expect that to continue to be stable. As part of your question, I think, Mike, you also mentioned freight. We haven't seen a lot of freight cost pressure yet. And I would remind everyone that distribution and logistics costs as a percent of sales for us is relatively low. So even though if we saw significant spikes in distribution logistics, that wouldn't be much of an impact. So what we are seeing a little bit of tightness is on just supply of freight in trucks. And so that's something we're keeping an eye on. That said, I think we and our teams have always done a great job of handling inflation, whether it's our general inflation that we experience or commodity-based inflation. And so we'll handle those accordingly. We'll do it like we've always done. We'll continue to drive our cost productivity initiatives. We'll continue to work with our suppliers to push back on them, and we'll also enact pricing if that's required.
John Sznewajs: We think demand for Paint will continue to be strong as we go into the fourth quarter. We indicated we're forecasting 8% to 10% sales growth in Q4. And again, I think we are going to see continued strong demand on the DIY side, and muted but more an improving demand on the Pro side of our business. So I would remind everyone, though, we've got a bit of a tough comp going - in Paint as we go into the fourth quarter is. As you may recall, in the fourth quarter of last year, we experienced about $20 million of sales pulled forward in the fourth quarter of last year. And so that will be a bit of a comp headwind for us as we go into Q4.
John Sznewajs: Sure, Susan. As we indicated, both Keith and I indicated in our prepared remarks, we're right now targeting around $100 million for share repurchases in the quarter. And I think as we both indicated, there's a lot of variables that go into the decision to what drives our share repurchase activity. It's going to be subject to market conditions to the extent that we see pullback in the shares. We'll be probably a little bit more opportunistic like we were earlier this year, when we repurchased $600 million worth of our shares for less than $40 per share. So to the extent we see greater share pullback, we'll probably be a little bit more aggressive to the extent we see the share price run high. We'll probably continue to devote that $100 million, but probably not much more than that. Again, it's going to be a bit of a judgment call as we work our way through the quarter.
John Sznewajs: As we spoke a little bit timing in the prepared remarks, Delta had a record last couple of months of the quarter. So nice acceleration to the quarter, and that's fairly consistent with the Plumbing segment, in general, had good solid, somewhat consistent growth over in Europe, and Plumbing. In the DIY space in - excuse me, in Paint and in Decorative, in general, pretty consistent. It was strong going in and remain strong going through. So that gives you a little bit of color on the in-quarter kind of dynamics.
John Sznewajs: Yeah. And one thing I'd add to Keith's comments is that, I always like to take this time to acknowledge our supply chain teams. They have done just a fantastic job of reacting to the increased robust demand that we've been experiencing in the third quarter. And whether it's our supply chain teams internally, our folks and our plans across the portfolio or whether it's our suppliers, everyone has acted in a coordinated fashion to really drive this growth. And so we're really pleased with how the team has responded this quarter.
John Sznewajs: Keith, again, Watkins team is working day and night to deliver and fulfill the demand. When the Mexican government releases the restrictions, it's tough to tell. I mean we don't have any good insight as to when that's going to take place. But the Watkins team is running hard and fulfilling as best they can. And like I said in my prepared remarks, they drove growth in the quarter despite some of these restrictions. And so we're really pleased with how the Watkins team is delivering here in Q3 and Q4.
John Sznewajs: I think, Keith, it's just continued progress in the trends that we've been seeing. As you might expect, in Q2, we saw a lot of pullback on consumers not allowing paint contractors to come in their homes, and we've seen a steady improvement since Q2, and actually through Q3, we saw sequential improvement each month through the quarter in our PRO paint sales. And so, based on what we're experiencing, we think that, that trend could continue here as we go into Q4.
John Sznewajs: Yeah, Mike, as you think about the transition of the growth from Q3, you feel that sequential. First of all, we had extremely strong demand in Q3 which drove really good results. We - and as you said, we expect demand to continue to be good as we go into Q4. But as you know, forecasting in this current environment is a little bit of a challenge. And it's hard to say what impact the virus might have on our Q4 results. And there may be a little bit of a dose of conservatism in that guide as we're trying to dial things into the third quarter - or the fourth quarter, I should say. So from our perspective, we had 12% growth in Plumbing in the third quarter. We're looking at 8% to 10% growth. I don't view that as significant deceleration as we go into to the fourth quarter. That said, third quarter did have some inventory restocking in it. And so we're probably thinking that there's probably a little less inventory restocking as we go into Q4. We'll see how that plays out. On the Decorative Architectural side, to the point you made in your question, the pull forward definitely has an impact we think, on our Q4 revenue growth rates because we're currently not expecting that type of activity to recur here in the fourth quarter of 2020. I'd also say that Liberty Hardware, which is a smaller - one of the smaller businesses in the segment had a terrific quarter, full stop. I mean they had a really, really strong quarter. And as we go - and they also had a load-in here in the third quarter due to a program win they had at one of their retail customers. And so we don't expect that activity to recur. And similarly to the Plumbing segment, Mike, we talked about a little bit of inventory restocking in Q3. We don't expect that same level of inventory restocking to take place in Q4. So as we pull it all together, yes, the transition or the growth rates from Q3 to Q4 are a little bit more muted in Q4. That said we think 8% to 10% growth in this environment is still quite strong and translates with 150 basis points of margin expansion that we think represents a very good quarter.
John Sznewajs: My comment - again, it's too early to call 2021, and we'll talk more about that next quarter. We do expect growth in 2021. We think that the fundamentals of the consumer when you look at what really drives our business, that is it's configured now, it significantly swings on home price appreciation, housing turnover. And if you look at those numbers, we're looking at, let's call it, 5% home price appreciation and $6.5 million of existing home sales. So those are big numbers. Now those aren't sustainable numbers, but that certainly gives us a lot of confidence going into 2021. So we - my comments about continuing to grow and driving margin expansion, we all - that's how we think here. We always want to grow above market. And we want to continue to expand margins. So, our increased investments were factored into my thinking and my comments that I made there. Now I will say that when you think about, the optimum spend for value creation, I'm not going to sit here and say that, 16.5% SG&A is the optimum. It's more than that. And we're going to continue to drive long-term, mid-and long-term value creation. So there will be an increase in SG& A. It's not sustainable at 16.5%, because that's not the right thing to do to drive value creation. So, we're going to increase those investments. But we also are very carefully watching these cost reduction levers we have. And how much we increase, because we don't know, no one knows, what's - where this virus is going to go over the coming months. But as we learn more, we're going to maintain our commitment to the future.
John Sznewajs: And Stephen, I guess, maybe my own color on that. I mean, I think, like Keith said, I think consumer demand will be there. I mean, as we saw what happened in the spring as we worked through the pandemic, the consumer was there and they were spending and they were investing in their home. And like Keith said, given the trends that we're seeing and given the research that we've seen, we think consumer demand will be there. The thing that we've got to keep our eye on, like because we're still contending with our Watkins operation is what happens to production, and if the shutdown affects any of our facilities. And so that's the one thing we've got to keep in the back of our mind as well.
John Sznewajs: Yeah, Stephen, maybe the way I would approach it is, we've got a great investment in our Pro franchise. And if a vaccine to your little description were to come true or come through faster, I think we could double down on our pro investment and grow that business faster than we've been growing it in the last several years. I mean we've experienced double-digit growth in our PRO paint business historically. And if the consumer decides not to paint their homes anymore and they want PROs to do it, we'll be right there with our channel partner to meet that demand. So I think that's the way I would position a business going forward, if your scenario were to emerge.
