Keith J. Allman: Thank you, John. I'm pleased with our performance in the first half of 2018. We moved quickly to address the shifting market environment with effective pricing and cost actions. Our Plumbing and Decorative segments continued to drive growth with new products and programs and channel expansions. Our focused efforts in our Cabinetry business has led to strong growth and margin performance, and we have successfully executed on growth investments and a significant ERP launch at Delta. Furthermore, the long-term fundamentals of our industry remain strong. Demographics should drive household formation and housing for years to come as the large millennial generation has begun to start forming households. Home price appreciation, which has a strong correlation with repair and remodel spending, remains strong at nearly 7% year-over-year. Existing home turnover remains at a healthy overall level of 5.3 million units. Age of housing stock continues to increase as 65% of the U.S. housing stock is now over 30 years old and older homes have more repair and remodel spending per home than newer homes. And importantly, consumer confidence remains at a 15-year high, as consumers benefit from a healthy economy. With the actions we have taken and the investments we have made, we are well positioned to capitalize on the favorable industry fundamentals to drive strong growth and margin expansion in the second half of 2018, as we expect to generate over $800 million in free cash flow for the year. We will continue to deploy that cash flow with a disciplined and balanced approach to acquisitions with the right fit and return, share repurchases and dividends to create value for our shareholders. With that, I'll now open up the call for Q&A.
Keith J. Allman: Stephen, our pipeline is healthy and it's diverse. We have opportunities that we're looking at that range from smallish in size and bolt-on, if you will, to existing segments, and we have some larger ones both that would function within the segment as well as looking at some new segments. So we have a broad approach in terms of size. We're also looking both domestically and internationally, and we have the capital in the balance sheet to do these acquisitions, but I'd like to reiterate that we're going to be patient and make sure that we find acquisitions that have the right fit and return that fit with both our strategy and our culture and obviously we're focused on creating shareholder value for the long term. So we're going to remain disciplined and balanced in our approach, and we are going to continue to value our acquisitions with a particular eye on return on invested capital where we can generate appropriate return for the shareholders.
Keith J. Allman: No, I wouldn't think of it as a ceiling given the right opportunity. And again, based on our eye and our patience, it would have to be the right opportunity. But we have, as you know, the quality of a balance sheet to be able to go out over that $200 million level if the right opportunity came.
Keith J. Allman: Sure, Susan. This started, call it, 12 months to 18 months ago when we really went to work to reconfigure our supply chain and our factories to address the dynamic in the market. So we took our Quality factories, for example, and focused them – Quality, meaning the Quality brand, and focused them on the assembly of incoming purchase materials for the opening price points. So we have a factory that's reduced its complexity and focused on the lower price point part of the market. We then took the Quality brand and the Merillat brand, and we common-ized the architecture. So again, driving simplification and cost reduction to go after, call it, that middle point of the market, and then we have the very efficient and effective KraftMaid brand and supply chain that focuses more on that middle to higher semi-custom. So, a combination of reconfiguring our supply chain so that we have the right level of complexity and cost across the different bandwidths of the market, and then continuing to drive good sales force execution. And I think when you look across – while it's taken some time for us to execute this, when you look at the Menards win that we were able to land, that was really an amplification of our strategy and shows that how we were able to be competitive with regards to low cost opening price point, if you will, stock cabinetry, value semi-custom and semi-custom, so it's starting to pay off and we are going to continue to drive this segment, and obviously with nice dropdowns on the incremental growth, we're upbeat about its potential.
Keith J. Allman: We're committed to this to driving double-digit growth for the next couple of years in this pro segment, keeping in mind, of course, that it is over $400 million, so it's a sizeable chunk to drive in terms of double-digit growth, but we've seen that our investments in this pro hub concept and expanding our pro sales force works. We're pleased with the growth. I am sure there's going to be some quarters that are more accelerated than others, but we remain committed to the double-digit growth and we're happy with our DIY growth as well. Together with The Home Depot, I think we're doing an outstanding job of converting shoppers to buyers in the aisle. We're generating good traffic with our brand and our advertising scheme, and of course the quality in the can speaks for itself. So, overall, when we look across coatings both against ourselves and the competition, we think we're doing pretty good.
Keith J. Allman: Yeah, of course, the Menards win, it was a big win for us and, as I mentioned, being able to showcase the work that we've done over the past year, year and a half in terms of cost competitiveness, assortment expansion, and good sales work, so that is definitely a contributor. But as you mentioned, we had strong growth in our dealer channel as well, and then when you look across demand drivers, we had strong growth in both repair and remodeling and new construction. So it's beginning to come together and it's, as you might imagine, no one action that we took. We've built this and executed this turnaround over a series of actions that included obviously cost-outs. We've driven significant assortment enhancements in terms of launches at both KraftMaid and Merillat, and then the reconfiguring of the supply chain that we did, call it, 18 months ago with regards to focused cost reduction around the various price points along the continuum. So all those things have come together and we're excited about the potential in the business.
Keith J. Allman: Yeah, Nishu, when we compare what we thought about at the beginning of the year versus what we're seeing unfold here, there's two primary drivers. One is foreign exchange and two is the Windows headwinds that we experienced. In terms of the Windows headwinds, that impact was about $10 million in Q2 and that was a combination of a significant reduction in workforce that we did in our business in the UK and some warranty expense that we accrued in our Milgard business here in the United States, and we think there will be about $5 million of impact in those areas in Q3. So when you aggregate that, that comes to about $0.04. And then in terms of FX, we're experiencing about $70 million in revenue less favorability than we originally thought we would, and that affects operating profit. So, that accrues to about $0.03. So there's $0.07 right there, but that's the principal difference in terms of what we thought at the beginning of the year and the way we're seeing the year unfold.
Keith J. Allman: Well, we're certainly expecting that mid-single-digit growth through the year and we're very pleased with the traction we're getting. And it is certainly a partnership with The Home Depot, as I mentioned, to convert traffic in the store to customers. In terms of what's driving that, we have, let's call it, 2,000 points of distribution that's just outstanding and very well managed with The Home Depot. We've got great levels of service. We have a truck going to a distribution center for Home Depot every week and this is the concept of focus in 80/20 on steroids here where we are completely focused on The Home Depot and their customers. So, that efficiency and that level of focus, be it in service levels, in the quality and of course in the brand – leading DIY brand and that is a significant generator of foot traffic and sales. So it's a combination of service, product, quality, brand, outstanding distribution, and an understanding of what the consumer wants and how to make that conversion and taking care of them. So it's definitely a partnership with The Home Depot and Behr, and we expect continued growth.
Keith J. Allman: Yeah, Mike, I would characterize it as being a little bit further along than as you said in the midst of it. We went live in May. We have obviously been through a couple of closes. We have manufacturing turned on. This was a significant order-to-cash type of system launch. So it was a very significant system that we implemented that involved hundreds of people of that organization and a multitude of change management initiatives and training, et cetera, as we not only implemented the ERP system, but it was a new ERP system. It wasn't a new version of an existing system. So it was a significant endeavor and I think, Mike, you're pointing to a good point, that while it was costly and it was a significant investment, it was very well executed and we're happy with that. We certainly have some efficiencies that we need to continue to drive and we have some business intelligence tools we have yet to turn on. But when you look at the magnitude of this and the success of it, it's been a real big plus. And we also had an upgrade – a significant upgrade to our SAP system at Hansgrohe that we executed in the quarter as well and that went very well. So this is something we put a focus on and doing a better job at, and I am pleased with our performance, particularly at Delta.
Keith J. Allman: It's going very well. We're on plan. It's been over 100 days. We have executed integration along a number of fronts in terms of treasury, risk management, legal. We are working with the team at Kichler to implement the Masco Operating System. We're going in and grabbing efficiencies as quickly as we can, particularly in areas of logistics and freight consolidation in China with our existing China infrastructure and we've got work to do yet. We have common customers that we think are going to be able to be leveraged to add further value. So, in summary, I'd say that we're on plan for sure. We're on plan with our investment thesis. The cultures are meshing very well. We're getting early wins and we are planning for more longer term wins.
Keith J. Allman: I'll state the obvious, but there's a lot of moving parts here and it remains to be seen where it all shakes out, if at all, and to what degree and how it's enacted and the timing and everything else, but it varies as you might expect across our segments. So, in paint, which is a large segment for us, that would have really no impact. Windows has a little bit of impact with some imported hardware, have some impact in Cabinetry with regards to imported plywood and then Plumbing and our decorative hardware and lighting would have the largest impact. In terms of how we handle that, we look at a couple things. Number one, what can we do effectively and quickly with regards to the supply chain to mitigate some of these costs. And then number two, we look at our competitive position. And by and large, we believe that we are on equal or better footing when you look at our competition across our product categories considering what we do in terms of domestic manufacturing in Plumbing and Cabinetry, and then in lighting, really that is a industry-wide value chain as it relates to procuring from China. So in that regard, price is obviously something when you look at our channel service and the strength of our brands, that we would initiate it if needed. But I would reiterate there's a lot of moving parts and we're going to watch and see where this all shakes out. But we feel comfortable in both our competitive position and our ability to stay whole as it relates to cost-outs and price.
Keith J. Allman: I think a lot of it speaks to the work we did on the assortment. So we went in and worked on the opening price point with some targeted launches. We've done a significant amount of work in the showroom aspect of wholesale. So we've had some nice work that we've done on what we call the back end or the counter business and we have also done more on the assisted sale on the front end, and then a lot of our work goes to influencer outreach and marketing programs where you may recall we spent a year or so back some significant capital to build an extension and create a customer experience center, where by design, we bring in our showroom customers to show them the Brizo and the Delta and the product offerings that we have and to work on that customer outreach, and that really creates advocacy. And then you overlay that with our investment that we've made in displays across the showroom continuum where we have not only juiced up the displays in terms of LED lighting and showcasing the product more effectively, we also gained three incremental feet. So it's a combination of all those things around that area of what I would call commercial excellence that is driving the good growth for us.
Keith J. Allman: Probably the best way to break your question down, Stephen, is to think in terms of some of our different segments. So if you look at Plumbing, big driver there is copper and zinc. And if you look at, say, June as a point of view from June 2018 to June 2017, you've seen about a 12% increase from about $2.70 up to $3 for copper. Now, while that has dipped down a little bit more of late, that's been a significant cost driver. And then zinc, again over the last year, has gone from about $1.25 to $1.35. So, that's about a 7% increase, and again we've seen that dip a little bit in the last month, but those are still healthy increases. So, that's the driver in the Plumbing segment. When you look at our coatings business, it's really about resin and TiO2, and we've seen TiO2 go up kind of the same as copper, about 12%, if you look at it from June of 2018 to June of 2017. And then in resins, we've seen it go up to almost $0.85 a pound now. So, that's a significant increase. And what we're seeing is probably going to be a little bit more pressure in resins as we look to the back half. So, that's the primary driver in coatings. And then we use hardwood – obviously hardwood lumber and plywood, and again that's gone up coincidentally right about in that 12% range. So, pretty broad-based commodities pressure that we've experienced and that's the way we've attacked it with both cost and price, as we mentioned, getting price across all four segments.
Keith J. Allman: We had about a $10 million headwind in this quarter. We think it will be about $5 million next quarter as we work through some of those inefficiencies we talked about over in the UK in particular. In terms of long term, for the year, we're looking at 3% to 5% growth in the top line.
John G. Sznewajs: Hey, Stephen. Good morning. It's John. In terms of the components that I called out, yeah, indeed $15 million as the total breaks out – we did call the ERP spend of about $5 million on our last quarter call, so the balance is roughly our price/cost lag. In terms of what you can expect for Q3 and Q4, if you recall, we have a fair amount of display investment in the third and fourth quarter of last year. So the second half of last year, we had at aggregate about $18 million in total in this segment. So, yes, to your second question, I would say that we would anticipate margin expansion in both the third quarter and fourth quarter in that segment.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah, good morning, Susan. In terms of the input cost of paint, yes (26:50). As I think our other public peers have disclosed, there are continuing headwinds in terms of price/cost affecting both TiO2 and some of the engineered resins that go into paint. And so, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're actively working to mitigate this through both pricing as well as working with our suppliers and working internally on our own efficiencies to try to mitigate those as best we can. In terms of our ongoing investment in expanding our pro business, we're absolutely making further investment as we indicated earlier this year. That said, at this point, we're not disclosing the amount as our channel partner and we have decided to just to say a little less about our investment in that area at this point.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah, I'd say it's about as expected. And we always said from the very beginning that it would be a back half kind of a story for this year on price/cost, and that's how it's playing out, Nishu. So I think both Keith and I mentioned in our prepared remarks we expect to be price/cost neutral in the second half of the year.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah, Mike, I think you had some good insights there. One, Kichler's annual margins as we disclosed when we bought the company are in that (40:19) a low-double-digit range and lower obviously than we have been experiencing – the high teens we've been experiencing in that segment. That said, I would say that Kichler is probably doing a little bit better from a margin perspective than we originally had anticipated, but not materially different. So, that helps the margin in the segment just a touch. And with the inflation that we've experienced in paint raw materials and some of the actions we've taken, don't forget that the way that it works for us particularly with paint is we recover price with paint. We recover the commodity cost inflation on that paint. So actually, what that does is tends to contract margins a little bit. So, that has a piece of it. So we do expect kind of modest margin contraction for the full year.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah, John, we actually have seen a little bit of an uptick in that particularly for more customized products like our Windows products as well as our Cabinetry products where we don't have as standard of runs, let's say, as we may have with Behr paints or with Delta faucets going to some of our common customers. So, yeah, indeed, we have seen a little bit of inflation, but we think we're in a position to work to offset some of that either through price or some of our own internal efficiencies.
John G. Sznewajs: I'd say – just reminding you that even though we posted pretty good numbers, that was impacted by the ERP, so that $10 million that was pulled out of Q2 into Q1, don't forget that as well.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah, sure. Stephen, in terms of capital allocation, you're right. As we outlined at our Investor Day last year, we had a pretty healthy $1.7 billion that we updated after tax reform. And I think one of the things that we've gotten more comfortable with over the course of the last couple of quarters is perhaps operating with lower levels of cash on the balance sheet. And so, could there be more capital than the $1.7 billion that we indicated in May of last year deployed through that three-year window? Yeah, I think there's a possibility that that does exist. How much more? It's tough to say. I mean we'll have to see what plays out for us both in terms of where does the share price go as well as where do acquisition candidates emerge. And so, that's something still out in the future a little bit.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah, sure. Justin, so like you might expect, the UK piece is kind of one-time in nature as we work through some of the restructuring activities and that should not be recurring. In terms of the warranty piece, that's one of those things that we evaluate our warranty from time to time, and you have to make adjustments to all your judgment-based accounts whether it's warranty or whether it's accounts receivable or whether it's inventory, whatever, so from time to time into it. The principal reason that drove this quarter's adjustment was some of the inflation that we are experiencing with respect to some of the warranty costs that were coming in. Longer term, I guess to the nature, the heart of your question, in terms of where do we expect margins to be, at this point, it really doesn't change our view that long term and again long term is not next quarter or the first quarter of next year, but long term the margins for this quarter should be in that low-double digit to low-teens, that 10% to 13% range that we called out at our Investor Day in May of last year.
John G. Sznewajs: No, I don't think we provided a back half. I think all we said is for a full year of 5% to 7% excluding the divestiture of Moores.
