Keith J. Allman: Stephen, 2014 – this is Keith. 2014 was a challenging year for us in cabinets. We executed difficult but important initiatives for that business and we fell short of our commitment in terms of customer service, particularly on lead time and fill rates. That was focused and contained in the Merillat supply chain. We think that that did cause some issues for us in the dealer business, but we put a focus on bringing back our performance in terms of fill rates and lead times to that dealer base. So we’ve fixed our customer service in that, but we did pay a price for that in the dealer business. In terms of the retail issues that we faced, we’re committed as we’ve talked in other calls to being a leader and resetting the promotional environment. We did that. We are a little bit too aggressive, I think, and we’ve adjusted that and we’re continuing to make adjustments in that or seeing good results. So primarily on the dealer side, our issues were focused around the Merillat issues that we’ve had. And again, we’ve addressed the customer issues. We don’t believe that we lost dealers but rather share of wallet as we were working on the fixes. We have the fixes behind us and now we’re driving to get the cost out and return this business to profitability in '15
Keith J. Allman: Well, we’re starting to see a mixed bag when you look at it. We’ve had some regions and pockets that have been affected by a little bit of weather. We’re seeing a bit of slow down in the Texas market. But when you look at the overall market for us, we always see puts and takes on a regional or on a city-by-city or region basis. When you look at the full year, we’re excited about how we expect 2015 to unfold. We’re looking at from a new construction standpoint in the low teens increase. When we look at R&R, we still continue to think that we’ll be in the GDP plus 2 range, which should put us in about 4% to 5% growth rate. So there are a number of indicators around the fundamental drivers of our business that we like. Consumer discretionary income is up. There’s good job growth. We like the employment numbers. Consumer confidence is high. As John spoke, we’re seeing a nice pace of home refinancing, which bodes well for us particularly on the bigger ticket items. So we’re positive about 2015.
Keith J. Allman: As we’ve talked in the past, we strategically decided to take a leadership position in resetting and driving changes in this area. I would say when we look at the market by and large, there has been an overall reduction in the promotion activity. What we’re doing is getting creative to try to find the elastic point here and I’m talking specifically in cabinets. And I think in hindsight, we were perhaps a little bit aggressive. The good news is as we tweak our promotional strategies, we see good results. So we feel good about – as I said, we feel good looking at the year about how we’re going to drive the cabinet business.
Keith J. Allman: The increase in inefficiency issues that we’ve talked about are focused on the Merillat supply chain. We put in the ERP system and that was a rough implementation for us. And unfortunately we let down our customer with regards to providing the industry-leading lead times and fill rates that they’re used to. The management team made the decision, the right decision to focus on the customer and get back to those industry-leading lead times and fill rates and we’ve done that. So call it the reoccurring expense, if you will, or the issues that we faced going forward in 2015 are to pull out those cost that we have in the system that we put in to meet the customer requirements. So the ERP system is in, we’re back to our industry-leading fill rates and lead times. And now this year we’re working specifically with detailed work streams to pull those cost out. You asked I think for some examples, Michael, we’re working on labor efficiency. We have strong work streams on material usage variance and material yields. We’re working our scrap rates. There’s a full program management structure that we have to drive this business to profitability and we’re focused on it. This cabinet business represents about 10% of our overall portfolio and it’s a focus of ours to fix it. And importantly we’re also focused on extending the momentum of the other 90% of our portfolio that’s operating quite well.
Keith J. Allman: I’d tell you I’m pleased with the plumbing performance. There’s no question about it. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we had a record sales and a record profit year for both Hansgrohe and Delta and we’re seeing nice mix where our targeted new products and introductions like Hansgrohe Select functionality and a number of new products that Delta has launched in the showroom channel. If you happen to make it out at the show in Las Vegas, you saw the buzz around the booth, we have some good momentum there. So I’m pleased with those margins. We also have some challenges as we go forward. We talked about the exchange rate out there that could give us some potential headwinds. The commodity basket for us there is really it’s too early to tell how that is going to shake out in the year. So net of when I look at the segment, I’m very pleased with the margins. The mid – maybe mid to high take on this segment is probably a good place to be, mid to high teens.
Keith J. Allman: We’ve talked in the past about our capital allocation strategy and we haven’t changed that. I mean first and foremost, funding our business and investing in brand innovation and growth. We’re going to do that. We’re going to continue to do that. We’ve talked about paying down debt in the range of $300 million to $500 million over the next couple of years, we’re going to do that. And of course we’ve talked a lot about returning capital to the shareholders with our increase in the dividend and our share buyback program. We expect to spend in the range of 400 million to 500 million in 2015 in share buyback. And then we’ve also talked about smaller acquisitions and we’re looking at that. They’ll be bolt-on acquisitions through our existing platform. So given the strong cash flow of this business that it’s historically had and certainly we intend to continue to have, we can accomplish all of these strategies. So it’s a balanced capital allocation approach is how I’d characterize it.
Keith J. Allman: That’s surely our intention. In the Investor Day in May, we’ll be giving more detail and talk more about our strategies and the milestones that we expect to hit as a result of those strategies.
Keith J. Allman: As you know, we don’t talk specifically about margins and pricing in specific channels, specific customers but I’d tell you that the tweaks that we’ve done in this channel are productive for us and they’re profitable.
Keith J. Allman: Thank you. Our paint strategy is to have the best product, the best brand and to deliver it to the consumer with the best customer experience and we’re doing that. We talked about the product and the recent awards we’ve been given both by Home Depot and an independent third party. Clearly, we have the best DIY brand in the industry and on a customer experience and merchandizing perspective, we’re working together with the Home Depot to invest, so that experience in the aisle is good as it can. I’ll tell you on the color selection center, as we’re launching it, we like what we’re seeing. Behr’s representation in that color selection center has gone from 18 feet to 24 feet, so that’s real powerful for us. In terms of the margin in this segment, we continue to think about it as high teens. We’re working together with the Home Depot to grow the Pro paint segment and you have to really look at this – at least I choose to look at this in totality in the segment and all of this work that we’re doing to build the brand, to build the customer experience, it all helps with our Pro initiative as does the 140 Pro reps that we have out in the field that are driving this business together with the Home Depot.
Keith J. Allman: I think of it in terms of our segments and when you look at our two big segments of plumbing and paint, those segments tend to be less sensitive to the regional variability that we can see. People in Houston are still painting their houses or still replacing their faucets, et cetera. When you look at our window business, we have a new factory and we’re developing that market, we’re growing very nicely down in Texas and we’re going to continue to watch where that demand goes and insure that we ramp that capacity up consistent with it. And installation, as John mentioned, we are tied into new construction there but at 160,000 or so starts in Texas with a good portion of those being multifamily in the grand scheme of things, we don’t see it as being particularly material. Again, looking at the full year across the market, we’re positive about 2015 with new construction growth in the low teen range and R&R growth in that 4% to 5% range. And I think importantly, we worked our business and have our capacity in line to be able to meet this demand without a significant injection of capital. In other words, we don’t have to put in capital and we’re not faced with inefficiencies that can sometime arise when you make capacity increases. So we like how we’ve positioned the business and we like the macros.
Keith J. Allman: Yes, just a little bit of hiccups as they talk to our guys that our down in our branches down there that it slowed down a little bit in the new construction side. Again, I think it’s over a short period of time and as I mentioned, these pockets or ups and downs occur across the country. We’re focused on the total market.
Keith J. Allman: We feel good about it. As I mentioned, best product, best brand, best merchandizing, those are all going in our direction and with this new color center, we feel real good about it where we’ve rolled this color center out, Bob, we’ve seen good performance. So on that side of the house, the core of the business, feel very good. On the growth side of the business, we’re growing very nicely with the Home Depot. We continue to invest behind it. As I mentioned, 140 plus reps out in the market driving that Pro business, so feel going about it.
Keith J. Allman: Historically, our business has been softer in the first and fourth quarter a little bit and in the middle of the year is where we tend to see a little bit more robust volume given our space. I think that will continue this year. With regards to – we certainly had very difficult weather in Q1 of last year trying to peg how material that tailwind will be is difficult. As I mentioned earlier, I believe we’ve always seen some incremental weather here. We’re experiencing some more as we speak and I don’t know what old man winter is going to deal us here in the next six weeks. So, it remains to be seen.
Keith J. Allman: It’s really difficult as we’ve talked in the past to peg the size of the market particularly on a quarterly basis. We believe the market is going to grow with a combination of the repair and remodeling tailwinds that we’ve talked about and certainly in new construction. Eric, what was your follow-on question, I’m sorry.
Keith J. Allman: From an overall industry order perspective, it’s what we would expect. There hasn’t been a material change from how the industry has been performing, what we’d expect given the seasonality. In terms of the productivity of our tweaks and our promotion, they’ve worked out very nicely for us.
Keith J. Allman: No, I think it’s right in there with what we see historically when you factor in the seasonality on a quarter-by-quarter basis. And importantly for us, we’re looking at the full year and we’ve measured it – we drive this business on a yearly basis and we’re very excited about '15. The macros that we have in new construction and the good traction of R&R and all the signals we’re seeing and the indicators are the fundamental driver for the business, so we feel good about '15.
John G. Sznewajs: Stephen, you asked some trends – I think piece of question there among – related to trends as well as some mix issues. So just to reset and make sure everyone’s clear. KraftMaid product, this holds both through the dealer channel as well as big box retailers. And our Merillat offering is sold through dealer network and principally to builder-oriented customers. And so as we take a look at the trends at retail, as Keith alluded to earlier, we did see a little bit slowdown in our retail business in 2014. That said, we have introduced some new products to address some of the issues and as Keith mentioned, we have recalibrated our pricing and promotional activity. So we anticipate trends to continue to pick up. Now that said, the other thing that we are beginning to see also is a little bit of a trend in refinancing activity recently, which historically is supported big ticket repair/remodel activity. It may take a little bit of time to play out in the marketplace but from a historical perspective, when people refinance their homes, generally that turns out to be favorable for us of our big ticket products. In terms of mix, a little bit of higher ASP or average selling price that we’re seeing particularly on the retail and dealer side of our business, but it’s been a trend that’s only been occurring for a short period of time. I wouldn’t want extrapolate that too far just yet.
John G. Sznewajs: Stephen, I would tell you that the fourth quarter is a little bit lower than we would expect normally going forward into 2015 and beyond. We had about $21 million of general corporate expense in the fourth quarter. I would say we did experience slightly lower variable count than we experienced in 2013. And then we also had a little bit of favorable experience on the insurance side in the fourth quarter as well, which drove that number a little bit lower. So going forward, because of the cost reductions that we announced on September 30 that will impact the corporate office, I think you’ll see our general corporate expense average more in the $100 million range than the – at this rate, it’d be $80 million based on what we put forth in Q4. So, I think about $100 million is the right general range.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, you can see our restructuring tailwinds in two spots, one you’ll see it in our general corporate expense and I think we addressed that just on the prior question. And then you’ll see a little bit of that also flow through and favorably impact some of the segment because some of the folks that we separated with in September were allocated to our business units.
John G. Sznewajs: Mike, it’s John. No, we didn’t – in terms of the comp compared to the fourth quarter of last year, you may recall in the fourth quarter of '13 we experienced higher advertising cost to the tune of about $6 million, which made for a relatively easy comparison although we did not incur that same amount in the fourth quarter this year. As it relates to pricing activity or commodity inflation activity, at this point no. As a matter of fact, it was still unfavorable for us in the fourth quarter and for the full year. So, no real benefit from commodity relief at this point.
John G. Sznewajs: Phil, as we work through the inefficiencies as we talked about earlier and get the business back on track, we do expect this business to drop kind of the 30% to 35% incremental that we’ve experienced historically. Obviously, we did much better than that in '13 and as we’re going through a growth phase and coming off the bottom, we pulled back a little bit on that in 2014. But there’s nothing fundamental to this business. It’s changed the margin profile of the business and its contribution margin.
John G. Sznewajs: Yes, so it is a little bit different environment. As we look across all the commodities that we buy enterprise wide, there are a fairly number of puts and takes, as Keith alluded to earlier. On the plumbing side, we’ve seen some of the base metal; some are up, some have softened a little bit. Hardwoods has definitely experienced some inflation there along with installation. On the petrochemical side and the impact it has on paint, there’s really over the course last couple of years been a disconnect between the price of crude oil and the price of natural gas. As I mentioned, natural gas has a big impact on the inputs to paint as well. And so while we have not seen really deflation in our input costs at this time, so it’s really hard to say how this is going to play out throughout 2015 until we see where oil really lands for the year and if the feedstocks that go into paint actually do come down in price.
John G. Sznewajs: Sure, James. So a couple of questions in there. Just in terms on the top line, what’s going well? As you’d expect Western Europe for us that include the UK, Germany and Switzerland and France, they should perform reasonably well for us and this was a big part of our sales originally. But then as you look at the various pockets that we see, we’re seeing some signs of life finally in Southern Europe but that’s coming off a very low bottom, so not hugely excited about that growth opportunity but at least it’s not declining any more. We have seen a little bit of pullback as you might imagine in Russia and the Ukraine just given the political environment that’s there. We’ve seen very good strength elsewhere. The Far East has done very well for us, Middle East we’ve performed well. So a lot of good other areas of the world outside of Russia and Ukraine. In terms of the impact on our profit as a result of currency movement and this is really principally the euro as the biggest impact on both our revenue and our profit. If you think about a $0.10 movement in the euro, that’s roughly $15 million, $16 million of impact from an operating profit perspective.
John G. Sznewajs: It was a little bit higher than we would customarily expect to see in that segment. Typically, we see incremental margins in that segment in the 25% area on a quarterly basis or on an annual basis. And it did benefit from some productivity improvements clearly that they saw. They also benefited from a little bit lower insurance experience in the fourth quarter as well. That’s really what kind of drove the incremental there and we did have a little bit – there was some price increases that came through from the installation manufacturers and they were able to get a little bit tailwind from that as well.
John G. Sznewajs: Texas is about 16% of total starts in the United States and it’s kind of an unusual state because if you think about those single-family, multi-family breakdown of that state, unlike kind of the 30%, 35% single-family as a percent of total starts, Texas is closer to 45%. And so it’s driven much more heavily by multi-family and lower end homes and then there’s kind of a bifurcation. There are some obviously large homes as well. So, we feel that even if starts went down 5% in that market, that’s really only 8,000 starts, not a significant impact on the overall business.
John G. Sznewajs: Bob, we don’t hedge input costs on paint, we only hedge on our plumbing products, so copper and zinc is where we have our hedges. As I mentioned earlier, we have not seen any benefit yet from lower raw material input cost in the paint as of this time. If we were to experience that, it would take about a full quarter before that impact would flow through and hit our P&L. Just between – we have an inventory in between the supply chain that we’ve got, it would take about that long to hit the income statement.
John G. Sznewajs: In that regard, we’re buying our shares back a little bit on the opportunistic basis. As the share price moves up and down, we need to go in a little bit heavier in the market or pullback. Right now, we have not given any guidance in terms of what we think the year-end share count – I think for modeling purposes, I would just assume a pro rata purchase across the year.
