Keith J. Allman: Thank you, John. Our strategies is to drive shareholder value are working. Our results year-to-date reflect the strength of our powerful brands and the focus on operational excellence. We continue to invest behind our brands, grow our innovation pipelines, position our businesses for greater growth in 2016. We expect that repair and remodel demand will continue to grow at a steady pace, while new home construction will accelerate the fourth quarter. We remain confident in our ability to navigate this dynamic macroeconomic environment and execute against the things that we can control: our brands, our innovation and our operational excellence. With that, I'd like to now open the call up for questions, and back to you, Carol.
Keith J. Allman: It really has been pretty steady for us. This is Keith. Good morning. Our R&R demand has been chugging along right at about 4% to 5% in terms of the overall market demand, and we're seeing that consistent across the regions of the country. As you'll recall, we have about 82% of our demand driven by repair and remodeling. So, it's nice and steady for us. I think as home prices appreciate and consumer confidence continues to be strong, and you overlay that with deferred investments that we've seen in R&R over the past couple of years, it's shaping up nicely for us. So, it's been steady. And when you compare that to how our more R&R-driven business have performed with our plumbing business in North America up 8%, Milgard Window up double digits, KraftMaid (21:08) dealer which is heavy R&R up 9%, and even our paint while the market was a little soft in the quarter with low double digit, low to mid-double-digit gallon growth in the quarter.
Keith J. Allman: Excuse me. Sorry about that. We feel good about how – not only the market to your question but also how we're performing against that market.
Keith J. Allman: We're gaining share in the PRO. I feel really good about that. That's an initiative that we've aligned very closely with the Home Depot and have a series of work streams that we're driving that really span the whole continuum of product, of how we're promoting it, the training we're doing, and our approach to how we're penetrating markets. So, it's important to us, and we're definitely outgrowing the market in the PRO and intend to continue to do that.
Keith J. Allman: Stephen, the exit of the lower-margin builder business was really an initiative that Joe Gross kicked off when we put him in it – as CEO of the business earlier this year. And so, relatively muted impact – less of an impact than in Q2 when he really first came on board. More of an impact obviously here in Q3. So, I would say that we're really in the first quarter of experiencing that – the exit of the lower-margin builder business. And remind me the second part of that question.
Keith J. Allman: It clearly wasn't as profitable as our base business in Cabinetry. So as we exit that business, Stephen, it's most definitely improving our profitability and the performance of the business. And that's really something that, as Joe and I looked at this business, made the call to really get this business better before we get it bigger. And that's working for us, and we're positioning the business now for further growth as we move into 2016.
Keith J. Allman: Sure, Stephen. Let's start with Plumbing. We pegged the overall repair and remodeling market, and that's based to be around 4% to 5% growth, we think. And from a new home construction perspective in the back end, we'll see a little bit of an acceleration to finish out the year at about plus 10%. So, if you average in somewhere around 80% R&R for that segment, you get a good feel for where the growth is. In terms of our performance there, with our North American sales being up currency adjusted 8%, feel good that we're taking share in that space. And particularly, we're doing well in our showroom products and with the results that we're seeing from our new innovations and parts of the product assortment on a higher end. So, we are seeing a definite favorable mix as the consumer moves up. In terms of Plumbing in overseas, our European business is going well. We continue to have a strong business in the UK, and we're growing that business in excess of the market. Over in China, clearly we're continuing to grow, and our brand is very well positioned and feel good that that's – it's one of the, if not, the strongest brands over there in China. So, in terms of Plumbing, right about 4% to 5%, and we're outgrowing it. Milgard Windows, in that space, we've talked about that growth. That tends to be also more R&R driven. So, right – again, around that steady North American rate of around 4% to 5%. And as we talked about with double-digit growth there, good, dynamic business, and continued to grow and gain share. The dealer business and the R&R business associated with Cabinetry, again, we think it's up in that same, steady 4% to 5% range in R&R. New construction is a little bit faster than that. In terms of the mix we're seeing, without a doubt, in the repair and remodeling side we're seeing an uplift in the average ticket in consumers going towards more value-added finishes, and accessories, and that sort of thing, which drives up the ticket. But we're also, by virtue of that fact that new construction is growing at a faster clip that will tend to be a little bit of a damper on the mix. But by and large, good mix there. Paint, as we talked about it, overall, the market, we're seeing as somewhat flat, call it. And so, with our low to mid-single-digit growth rate there, we feel good about outpacing that market. So, overall, feel good about the underlying demand both in terms of repair and remodeling and new construction. And I'm proud of how our businesses have structured their work to outpace that growth.
Keith J. Allman: In terms of your first question, Stephen, on the builder side of our Cabinet business, I think it's important to delineate between more of the smaller regional builders, and then the bigger, call it, top 10, top 20 builders. That top 10, top 20 builder business is leaner for us, and we're being very selective and careful about how we drive that business with an eye on profitability. When we look at the bigger chunk of the business, which is more the smaller and the regional business, we think that can be attractive business. The key is having consistent delivery lead times and fill rates. And that's something that we've worked very hard to get back, and now we're working to get the confidence of that customer base back. And we will go after that. So, it's a mixed bag. But certainly, there's business that we want and we're focused on, and we understand the segmentation of it. And there is business that isn't so much attractive to us. In terms of the home center demand in Paint, as I said, we think that the DIY or that section of the paint market is relatively flat, right in that flat range anyway. And with our growth rate, we're happy with how we're performing. With our Color Center that's in place and the promotions that we're doing and the acknowledgment from various third parties about our customer satisfaction and our quality ranking, we feel pretty good about it.
Keith J. Allman: On Cabinets, as we've talked about in the past, George, turnarounds are never any one-shot deal to get it done and they are seldom linear. There's ups and downs to them, and we've seen that. It's a balance between short and long-term initiatives, and a balance between cost out and revenue-up initiatives. So it really wasn't one particular initiative that we drove that got us to this position. We certainly have worked on our costs and our efficiency and our material yields and scrap rates, and have worked very hard to overcome the misstep, frankly, that we had in 2014 with our ERP. So, that was a significant part of it. We have invested in innovation. We have what we believe to be the best finishing system in our KraftMaid line that we recently put in in the last year, and we're getting a lot of good response from that. We've increased on the innovation front with some creative assortment work, particularly with KraftMaid Vantage. And we are segmenting our markets, and we're driving hard particularly in the dealer channel, which is a very attractive and lucrative channel for us. So, it's a mixed bag across the board for us, and that's why we think that this type of performance is sustainable. In fact, we're looking to grow as we move into 2016. Obviously, the seasonality around this business remains, but fundamentally, I like how this business has moved and a year ago, if you would have said, Keith, you could have this business in this position at this time, I'd take it. I think...
Keith J. Allman: I think that's fair. We're going across the different channels, and we're working with both our powerful brands, Merillat and KraftMaid. And I think thinking about this business in the 30% to 35% incremental is the right way to think about it.
Keith J. Allman: In Paint, in terms of where we anticipate reinvesting it's really broadly across all those revenue drivers that John talked about. We've got our Color Center reinvestment behind us, and that's really strong. We're going to continue to drive with promotions and advertising. We're going to look for ways to partner with the Home Depot to drive growth, particularly in the PRO segment in terms of how we train, how we staff stores, the products that we offer, and our supply chain and how we deliver products. So, it's an exciting and dynamic time for us in paint, and we're happy with how we've outperformed the market.
Keith J. Allman: I'd clarify a little bit Nishu in that we haven't exited builder lines, meaning lines of our cabinets or lines of our product assortment. What we're doing is paying closer attention to a segmentation of the builders we have, particularly in the builder direct part of our business where we handle the last mile delivery, the installation and the punch out. And what we're seeing in some cases the take-per-home is being reduced with the type of mix that's evolved in certain markets with certain builders. And that's just not an affordable proposition for us to manage all the value-added that we do on the backside with regards to delivery, and installation punch-out. So, it's not an exit of builder line so much as it is a segmentation of various types of builders in certain regions, and then through pricing and through other mechanisms moving away from that business and directing our energy to more profitable business. In terms of an overall strategy in our other segments, move away from builders, that's not really the case. We have good value propositions and good supply chains to be able to deliver profitably to most of the segmented builders in our other segments. So, that's not a broad strategy for Masco per se.
Keith J. Allman: You know, we've got – we've had good success in the cost outs, or we're starting to get traction on the growth side. We're deep into our planning process now and we're continuing, as we look at these plans, to drive both cost and revenue, and we'll continue to update you as we flesh those plans out more.
Keith J. Allman: I think we're through a big chunk of the hard work, Bob. I wouldn't quite characterize it that all the low-hanging fruit is clipped and now we're just a kind of on a market trajectory. But clearly, the better you get, the harder it is to get better, and we're getting better. So, it is going to be tougher to make, and we won't make the kind of dramatic improvements that we've made so far. But having said that, we think we've got a long way to go. We're not – we don't have this business to its full potential. That there are significant areas of growth that we can continue to drive both in terms of the retail, as well as the import and dealer business. So, I think you're dead-on, Bob, in that it's – the big chunks are behind us in terms of the improvement pace, but again, back to that 30%, 35% dropdown margin, and the fact that we have these two powerful brands in KraftMaid and Merillat, I like where we're sitting.
Keith J. Allman: When you look at wholesale, there's really two types of wholesalers that we sell to, though, broadly speaking, there is the wholesalers with distribution centers, and wholesalers that we ship directly to their warehouses. And in both cases, we're seeing pretty consistent POS matching our shipments into their chains. So, I would say that on the Plumbing side in wholesale, it's pretty level, pretty level flow through.
Keith J. Allman: We obviously have our feelers out in both the channels and in the markets, and we do consumer research and have a somewhere of a feel for it. But admittedly, it's tough to tell in terms of the drivers of the relative softness in the space. In Q2, while we didn't see a significant impact to the weather, that was certainly noise that out there in the market, without a doubt. It was a wet summer and that affects the demand. So, I think that could play into it. But overall, when you look at how people have the opportunity to defer paint, it's not that big of a purchase item, we feel good about the underlying demand in 2016.
Keith J. Allman: We are. We talked about that in Texas. We have a new factory that we're bringing up out there. In fact, I'm on a plane here in a few hours to go out there and visit Milgard and talk about how they're doing. They're doing very well. We talked about their growth rates. We're a new player into Texas. We've been shifting into that from outside of the market. We're new in terms of our factory being on site there. So, there's plenty of headroom for us in terms of share gain and incremental growth for us starting at the small base that we have. Texas is a big market, and we're looking forward to a success there.
John G. Sznewajs: Sure, Dennis. As we talked about in the second quarter call, you may recall the fact that this year was an unusual year for us because typically, the 4th of July promotion that we run in the Decorative Architectural segment spans both the end of the second quarter and the beginning of the third quarter. And just the way that the timing fell this year, we experienced all that promotional expense in the third quarter this year. So, there's a little bit of a benefit to the second quarter due to the lack of that promotional spend. And now it penalizes the third quarter because of the timing of that. As we go forward into the fourth quarter, we don't expect a significant incremental promotional expense, largely because we incur promotional expense around four major holidays through the course of the year. One is the spring Black Friday event, the second is Memorial Day, the third is 4th of July, and the fourth is Labor Day. So, that's where we're promoting our products. (18:24) fourth quarter should be relatively muted. The second part of your question relates to the commodities that we're facing, and clearly, we've seen modest commodity price deflation in the quarter. But that said, we took some of the benefit of that and reinvested in promotions in our Behr Pro business during the quarter. So, we feel really good. While we're seeing some benefits, we're reinvesting back in the business to grow the gallons that both we and our partner, our channel partner Home Depot, desire.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah. As you know, both copper and zinc have come down pretty significantly during the course of the year. And up until the third quarter, the impact of the hedge on a quarterly basis – and just to maybe recalibrate everyone, we have to mark to market our hedge positions on a quarterly basis because we do not get a hedge accounting. And so, to your point, as we go forward, because we mark to market, if there's no further movement in the price of copper or zinc, there should be relatively little impact to our financial statements in any future periods.
John G. Sznewajs: On the Liberty side, Liberty did have a small impact on the top line, Keith, as we had begun the rollout of a shower door program that we won at one of the major retailers in the third quarter. It's not that completely reset, but they did have an impact on the top line. And so, they did benefit from that. In terms of the second half of your question, which is what benefited the bottom line, I think there's a couple of things that benefits the bottom line, but a couple of things that detracted from the bottom line. Obviously, the increased volume that we experienced in the quarter was a help. We did have a favorable price commodity relationship in the quarter. But offsetting some of that was some of the investments that we made that we discussed, both on my prepared remarks and in the prior question. As we move forward, we feel good about the profitability. And we do think that given the DAP segment that long run you should think about this business as about an 18% margin business.
John G. Sznewajs: I'll handle the commodity half, I'll let Keith talk about the pricing side. We saw very little impact from lumber or hardwood kind of pretty much offsetting each other in the quarter. We saw a little bit of deflation on one end and a little bit of inflation on the other, but pretty much a muted effect of commodities. So, not much of a tailwind to the bottom line. A lot of that bottom line improvement was purely operationally driven.
John G. Sznewajs: Oh, I see what you mean. Yeah, I'm sorry, I misunderstood the question. Yeah, so what happened there, Stephen, you'll recall that we've got some other businesses in the Plumbing segment in Europe that aren't as profitable as Hansgrohe that do detract from that. And some of that doesn't get all completely impacted because there's some in euros, some in pound as well that didn't move. So, that does impact that calculations slightly.
John G. Sznewajs: Stephen, just maybe to supplement some of Keith's comments on – especially on the Paint side. You may recall in the September and October timeframe last year we had some unusual order patterns developed where we had very low orders in September but very, very strong orders in October of last year. And so, we did not see the inventory pull back in the third quarter – as you might expect, since we're up against the difficult comp here in the first part of the fourth quarter, we are seeing a little bit of pullback vis-à-vis our – compared to last year. So – but overall, I think as we get through the kind of the six-month window, I think we should be in just – fine shape.
John G. Sznewajs: Nishu, it's John. No. We don't think it's changing our view longer term. Obviously, we were pleased that we reported 7.5% margins in the segments. So we feel we're well on our way to that high-single digit margin performance that we're seeking. There's a potential for some upside (42:16). It's too early to call. We've had two good quarters so far in this cabinet in a long period of time and we don't want to get ahead of ourselves as to where we think this business can go just yet. So, we need to continue to execute our plan and turn it around, and then we'll talk in future periods about maybe if there's upside to what we've laid out for you.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah. Thanks, Bob. As we've talked about before, we have a very (45:20) and balanced approach to our capital allocation. So, first and foremost our capital – first priority is to reinvest in the business and grow it. I think many of you know that our CapEx – we're relatively light on the CapEx side compared to some of our competitors. CapEx runs about 2% of sales. So, that's our number one priority. After that, we really do take a balanced approach, and we balance three or four items. The first is dividends. We do pay a dividend, and we increased our dividend as you may know, for this dividend that we're paying here in the fourth quarter of this year, about a 6% or 7% dividend increase. That's following a 20% dividend increase last year. And then after that, we've talked about our share repurchase program which we said would be, on average, between $400 million to $500 million a year, and we're clearly on pace to do that here in 2015. We also balanced that with acquisitions. Again, we've been thinking about smaller acquisitions, more bolt-ons, particularly in our Paint and Plumbing area. We've hired an executive, Amit Bhargava, to really pursue that and build our M&A pipeline and so we're aggressively pursuing that. That's clearly part of our strategy. And then debt repayment is on our radar screen. As many of you may know, we have a $1 billion maturity coming due in October of next year. And we've been talking for several years about taking $300 million to $500 million of that debt down when that maturity comes due. So, a clear and balanced approach. And we'll keep you updated as things change, but we think we've got a good sense of how we're going to spend our cash over the coming year.
John G. Sznewajs: Yeah. We didn't parse it out, specifically, but I think if you do the read-through, Will, sales impact was down approximately $10 million from that line of business based on dealer sales being up 9% and half our business being – the other half of our business being builder-oriented. So, that's a rough number.
John G. Sznewajs: So, commodities generally have been – we talked a little bit about Plumbing earlier, copper and zinc have come down a little bit and that's reflected itself in our metals hedged impact. At this point, we are not forecasting any further price deflation in commodities next year. We've had a very little impact in our Cabinet business. We are seeing a little bit of price inflation in the windows side on glass. And so we may need to work with our suppliers as well as look at our pricing on windows next year. But it's a little bit too early to determine exactly how we're going to play that as glass prices change in the marketplace.
John G. Sznewajs: Over the mid to long term, we tend to be flush when it comes to price commodity. That's how I think about 2016.
John G. Sznewajs: Will, maybe to complement some of Keith's comments. We've got very high service levels in our Plumbing businesses. So that doesn't – that means our customers aren't required to hold as much inventory as maybe they are with some other of our competitors. So, we feel really good about the service levels that we provide.
