Keith Allman: Matthew, July was strong for us. And we are starting off the quarter confidently. However, when we think about the large range, I think, it's clear that there is volatility and variability as we look forward in terms of what can happen with the consumer. And that's fundamentally what's drived -- what's driven our thinking as it relates to the range on possible top line.
Keith Allman: No question. There's an opportunity to gain share and we're doing just that. A significant change as we look at the performance from a demand perspective, DIY related to pro. And when you overlay that with our strong position with the leading DIY brand, we most definitely are gaining share here, and that's our intent to continue to do that. We -- as we've talked about consistently, Matthew, our focus has been on three things. Number one, is the safety of our employees, full stop. That's our focus. Number two, is to make sure we're ensuring business continuity and keeping a close eye on our liquidity and we have very strong liquidity as a result of the strong cash flow of our portfolio. So, that's strong. And number three, consistently we've talked about winning in the recovery. And part of that winning in the recovery is making sure that we're investing appropriately in brand and innovation. John talked a little bit about some new displays, particularly in this Decorative Architectural segment that we'll also be spending in. So, it's a judgment call. And it's a feel, if you will. But we are committed to ensuring that we spend appropriately to win in the recovery. And that's how we're thinking about it.
Keith Allman: In terms of inventory, Steven, it really varies a lot business-to-business. As you know, we had some shutdowns in Q1, driven by government orders that certainly put a dent in our inventory levels as consumers continue to buy our products. And paint, for example, we're seeing an unprecedented amount of demand, particularly demand for the one gallon DIY friendly containers. So, there were some inventory fluctuations both from a business-to-business perspective, as well as within our businesses. But our facilities are ramping production back up. We're catching up on that backlog. And we believe we're in a good position to serve our customers as we go in here through the summer months.
Keith Allman: Well, certainly, seasonality is a part of that. If you look, Mike, at paint, Q2 is our heftiest quarter. And then it backs off a little bit in Q3. So, there's an element of seasonality when you look at volume, particularly in paint. The biggest driver would be costs that we are planning to put back into this business when we look at Q3. And I think we had a keen focus on business continuity, as I mentioned, in liquidity, and we did not know what this pandemic was going to deal with us in terms of overall demand. So, we were cautious. And we -- I think, it's favorable that we were able to demonstrate that we do have the levers to be able to control our spend, because this is an unpredictable environment. So, we're balancing that spend control with investment to win in the recovery. And we feel where we sit today that it's appropriate for us to start to layer that investment back in. We've talked about program wins and the displays, the costs that we need to put in to support that program. That's a good thing. We're going to continue to drive advertising, promotions those sorts of things in terms of continuing to build our brand and continuing to take share in this recovery. We also admittedly have some increased costs as we look into the third quarter, as it relates to hiring costs, over time, there will be a little bit of premium freight as we're continuing to smooth out our supply chain. So, when you roll all those in and you look at that variability, that's why we're making the call for Q3 margins to be similar to last year.
Keith Allman: We have a real solid order book. And we have -- as John mentioned, the sell-through has been very strong, stronger than the sell-in. So, we have some ability for us to continue to put some inventory back into the channel, and our order book is strong.
Keith Allman: I think, generally speaking, the rough tends to have a little bit more new construction component to it than finish. As you can certainly do a remodel or -- repair and remodel job with a faucet, et cetera, versus going under the deck and working with stops or working with rough plumbing. So, there was a little bit of a tougher impact on rough as it relates to the temporary shift we saw earlier in the quarter away from new construction. Now, we're starting to see that build in the last month of June in the quarter, as it relates to rough. But to answer your question, I would say that finish fared a little bit better than rough for that demand mix. In terms of retail versus wholesale, I think a pretty consistent story to what us and others have been saying. When you have points of sale and points of distribution closed i.e. plumbing showrooms, that volume goes down. So, there was a shift to retail, a shift to e-commerce that we saw in the first, call it, two months of the quarter. And then, in June, we're seeing that start to come back. And we're seeing actually some very nice traction in showrooms as people are starting to interface with that channel more as they're reopened.
Keith Allman: I don't know that I'd say so much that it is consumer behavior so much. We really haven't seen that. And the best way to tell that really is to look at channels of -- and traffic and channels and look at mix. Really, what we're seeing, I would say, broadly speaking is that Europe has been slower to recover than our recovery here in the United States. And that may say something about our infection rates here in the United States versus Europe, frankly. But it's been a little slower in Europe. You look at the U.K. Just thinking here, Spain, Italy, I would say those countries approach to -- reopening has been significantly less aggressive than the United States. And that's where I would say there's a difference more so than say consumer behavior.
Keith Allman: I think, Susan, that is an accurate statement. In terms of the mix shift that maybe you would say is typical of, let's say, a recession that we haven't seen. And there's several different theories on why that is, perhaps is more affluent customers that would buy the higher level mix, haven't really been affected in terms of unemployment or haven't been affected by the pandemic so far. So, that's an aspect of it. But we are seeing good high quality mix at that high level and we're seeing it across our segments. We talked about record backlog in our spa business, and that's a high dollar discretionary purchase. And we have a very solid demand. So, I think that's a fair statement. In terms of where we think mix will go as we look through the rest of the year, we really don't think it's going to be much of a factor. We had a little, call it, channel mix early on in the quarter as retail was stronger than trade. And we have a little bit of a mix headwind in Europe as that economy has yet to really pullback through, but we anticipate that when we look at the full year impact that really isn't going to be that material as it relates to mix.
Keith Allman: The pipeline has really been about the same. We continue to work and to drive it. We have interesting targets. I think, probably in this type of an environment, there's less of a willingness to sell, clearly. But we're still talking to people. So, I wouldn't expect much activity or much difference in terms of how we think about M&A and shareholder return, and how that fits into our capital allocation. As I talked about, really no change. Our capital allocation strategy is to fund the good idea of our businesses and to support our core business, first and foremost. And we're going to maintain a respectable and healthy dividend and continue to grow that dividend. And then as it relates to share buybacks and M&A or acquisitions, we're going to be patient. And I think, we've demonstrated that. And we will take advantage of episodic times to buy our stock a little bit more heavily as we have in the past. And we'll also be patient and make sure that our M&A targets, our shareholder value creating and that there -- by and large, we're looking at bolt-on to our existing segments. And that hasn't changed.
Keith Allman: When you look at the industry, everybody is constrained at this point. So, you're right on that assertion for sure. There's no question about it. In terms of seasonality, typically, this is a very seasonal business. However, with our strong order book and our backlog, we anticipate that seasonality through the summer/fall and into the winter, frankly, to not be there this year. We've got a tremendous backlog and we're looking forward to filling it.
Keith Allman: Garik, I'm going to ask you to repeat the question. There's a little bit of interference on the call when you were asking your question.
Keith Allman: The -- we are seeing throughout the quarter, we are seeing pro pick up a little bit. It was strong in exterior, as I think people obviously are more comfortable having people on the outside of their home than inside. And we saw -- as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, the lift up in the quarter. In terms of -- if we're concerned about that, the resurgence of -- or lack of resurgence of the pro, no, we're not. We have a solid plan and track record for share gain in the pro and we're going to continue to do that. But fundamentally, we have the leading DIY brand, and DIY is our sweet spot, for lack of a better word. And we're excited about this, particularly when we look at some of our research where we think a full, call it, 30% of the painters that have painted in the pandemic, were first time painters. And if you peel that back, about half of those first timers were millennials. Now, this is a thesis that we have been talking about for some time as it relates to the millennials coming into the market, forming households and that big cohort being able to be a tailwind for our DIY business. And we do think that this will be a structural shift. And we are poised and ready to take advantage of that. So, our -- having both a -- an incredibly strong brand in DIY and a growing and solid business in pro, I think it's a good spot to be.
Keith Allman: Yeah. We are seeing continued improvement in the demand throughout the quarter and then into July here. So, that's a good sign. We continue, as we've talked about, to work to strengthen this business. And we've worked on restructuring. We talked last quarter about closing a DC and some workforce rationalization. So, that's advancing well. And we're largely on track for our turnaround plan with this business. And we're continuing to drive it. So, we feel good about the team down there and the progress that they've made. We continue to advance our strategies, cost strategies, brand building strategies, 80-20 and assortment simplification so that we can invest in growth more, and it's on plan.
Keith Allman: I think, we're equally positioned and well-positioned both -- on both sides of the Atlantic here. We've got the strong franchise of Behr. We've got both ores in the water, if you will, as it relates to DIY and pro in an effective way where we've worked to have -- significantly improved our margins in pro. So, we're very much in tune to growing both sides of that business. Leading brand in Delta in the United States that continues to grow well, and as we said, had a record quarter in June. So that momentum is continues to be strong. And then when we look over in Europe, we've got an outstanding brand with Hansgrohe. And because of the nature of that brand, we're able to operate really around the world, quite profitably and still have a significant amount of white space and share gain potential and opportunities. So, I think, we feel equally strong and feel good about our share gain and our growth opportunities, both here in North America, as well as abroad.
Keith Allman: I'd tell you I really have to hand it to our supply chain. And when I say supply chain, I mean the folks that work in our factories, the folks that plan our inventory and our suppliers. We have really leaned on that group. And manufacturing is not typically setup to go from 60 to 30 in a matter of a couple of weeks and then jump from 30 to 90 in the following month. And our supply base and our factory and the professionals that work there have done a phenomenal job in, particularly from a supply chain standpoint and a supply base and our big suppliers, they have been there to support us. And we're not going to forget that. We're very thankful for the supply chain that we have. And we do not -- things can change. Clearly, this is a dynamic environment. But we do not anticipate any significant or material issues as it relates to our supply chain.
Keith Allman: Yeah. I think so. We look at -- we're reviewing that original Investor Day targets, and we think it's very possible that we could be in there. As I recall, Plumbing at 18% to 18.5%, Deco in that 17.5% to 18%, Masco overall at 16.5% in terms of margin. Yeah, I think that is doable. We have, without a doubt, seeing the benefit of our portfolio reconfiguration. Certainly, the pandemic played into that. But when you look at our resilience, the fact that low ticket items and the DIY orientation are right in the sweet spot of where the consumer wants to be at this point where they want to spend their money. I think that bodes well for what 2021 could be for us. I will also say, Steven, that we're in a dynamic environment, and that we're not -- we are not giving guidance for the full year here in 2020. We're certainly not going to give specific guidance for 2021. But as we look at small ticket, DIY, the overall health of the consumer and how we're positioned against that, it feels pretty good.
Keith Allman: I think it's -- as I mentioned a little bit on a prior answer, I think it's more country and nationally oriented as it relates to closure and associated reopening cadence U.S. versus international than it is so much consumer behavior. We are -- our demand for spas which interestingly enough -- our spa business is one of the most global we have in Masco as it relates to percent of volume from outside North America and we have strong demand in Europe as well.
John Sznewajs: Yeah. Steven, it's John. No. I would say no. Actually -- a couple of points I like. Sell-through has been very good. It is probably better than sell-in across our channels. And we've seen -- once we saw the trade channel start to reopen, we saw a very good sales trends there. And so no. Our sales were not down -- the teams that you described, it was less than that.
John Sznewajs: I don't think they will be down year-over-year. I'm sorry, there'll be -- I'm sorry. I think, SG&A year-over-year, John, we'll have some additional investment that we're going to make in the things that we described, like advertising, some headcount coming back in. And as you might expect we really pulled back on headcount. We had a hiring freeze. We have wage freezes across the enterprise as we came in the second quarter. And as demand has come back, we're starting to look at putting some of those things back into the system. One of the things that goes through SG&A, as Keith mentioned, and I mentioned in my prepared remarks that some of the displays that will be going into to support Liberty in the program win that they had at retail. So, I think, we'll have some additional investments. Some advertising that we pulled back on pretty significantly will come back in the third quarter. So, I think, overall, I think, we'll be in good shape. I can tell you we are monitoring this very, very closely. And to the extent that we see any changes, we'll be very quick to react on our SG&A spend.
John Sznewajs: Yeah. Mike, so, first of all, the pro business is about 25% of our paint sales. And as we look forward to Q3, we expect it to be just modest growth from here on. I mean, we don't expect significant -- slight improvement from where we're at today, but not a significant improvement is what we're counting on -- in the third quarter.
John Sznewajs: Yeah. Mike, I'd say it's more of the latter part. It's more just kind of a catch-up from some of the Q2 spend that we did not incur. And across all segments, it's pretty much the same story that we're putting the other displays for the builders hardware business. A lot of the investment that we're putting back into the business, as Keith mentioned a couple of minutes ago, it's similar, right? We're reinvesting in some of the headcount, because we're slowly loosening the headcount freeze that we had or the hiring freeze that we had on. We are starting to reinvest in the brands appropriately. We're not trying to get too far out there. But we think appropriate investment in the brand makes sense at this point to continue to support our brands and the brands with our retail partners. In terms of price cost, I'd say, as you think about the commodity basket that we're seeing, Mike, now -- break that apart, I guess, into the two segments. Zinc has been relatively flat, maybe up a touch. Copper has risen in the last month or so. And so, today, it's above where it was a year ago. So that could be potentially a little bit of a headwind in the future. Recall that, it takes about two quarters for raw material deflation to flow-through and hit our P&L. So, maybe a little bit of the tailwind that we'll enjoy on the commodity side will help offset some of the tariff impact. And we'll continue to feel as we go into the second half of the year on the Plumbing side of the business. Then if you turn into the -- and look at the raw material basket on the Decorative Architectural side, our TiO2 has been relatively stable through the year, and we expect it to be -- continue to be stable through really the balance of the year. The one area that we have seen a little bit of easing is on resins. And we do -- we are seeing a little bit of potential for that to maybe Q2 to be the bottom of that and to see a little bit of inflation as we go into the last half of the year. So, there's the potential for some price cost headwinds in the second half of the year on the Decorative Architectural side.
John Sznewajs: Yeah. Seldon, I would tell you that our incrementals really haven't changed much. Overall, from a company perspective, we're in that 30% to 35% range. The Plumbing segment, should be an approximately that same range 30% to 35%, the Decorative Architectural segment will be a little bit less than that, closer to the 25% to 30% range. So, that should reflect some good leverage of our fixed cost. But really no significant change from what we've experienced historically.
John Sznewajs: Yeah. Quite honest. So -- and this is clearly not a demand issue. This is a supply issue. I mean, this was -- we were not permitted to manufacture. And so, to Keith's point, we're seeing really good strength in this business.
John Sznewajs: Sure. Yeah. Given the nature of the season, generally in the second quarter, we saw stronger sales in next year paint than we did in the interior paint. During the second quarter, Adam -- and probably a little bit stronger than we would normally see versus historical second quarters, but I take it that's the nature of the current environment in the pandemic.
John Sznewajs: So, Kichler and Liberty will continue their growth, so it will be modest overall in the segment, because they are relatively small pieces of the segment. And then, we are expecting modest growth for the pro business in the third quarter.
John Sznewajs: Yeah. There's a little bit of inefficiency, obviously, because you are not running your plant smoothly with one gallon fill rates as over five. One of the things we will be doing is we will be investing in additional one gallon capacity here in the coming months and so -- in support of this trend. And so, we feel confident that we can improve our efficiency and get back on track there.
John Sznewajs: Yeah. Keith, I would say it would be a modest headwind in the third quarter, because there's still not up to 100% capacity even though they've got very strong demand, and the team there has done a terrific job at responding to that demand. Because of some of the capacity restrictions that are still in place, they -- it will still be a bit of a headwind, but not significant.
