Keith Allman: So, we clearly have Mike, margin momentum going into 2024 and that will continue. the main drivers of our margin, our variable cost productivity a little bit on the fixed cost side. We've talked about a small plumbing plant that we've closed, but really, it's about continuous improvement in that culture of execution that we've demonstrated in the past and continue to do that. So, we've got good productivity initiatives that we're driving. we've had some pull-through of now full-year benefit of price increases that we've executed mid-year last year that's now affecting us full year this year and we're getting full benefit of that by and large here in the third quarter. And we expect that to continue and of course, if commodities stay where they are or maybe even change to the lower side going into ‘24, that would be a benefit for us as well leading into 2024. So, I think the margin story for us in summary is that we've got good momentum here coming through in this quarter and there will be some benefits for us as we look into ‘24.
Keith Allman: Yes. Mike, as I said, we'll be providing a lot more detailed view on 2024 on our fourth quarter call in February, in terms of sharing some of our initial thoughts and perspective on what ‘24 looks like as we sit here today. I would say that our assessment of the market based on what we're seeing now in terms of our order patterns and our view agrees with most industry experts and economists, I'd say, in that, it looks to us like ‘24 is going to be a flattish year for R&R. We have rates being stubborn and holding up. Consumers are still getting a little pinched by that existing home sales are at what I think is about a 20-year low. I would say, generally speaking, for our view of 2024 and R&R, that it's going to be flattish. And in that flattish environment, we fully expect to outperform the market and grow and expand margins. We have leading brands around the globe with Delta and hansgrohe. We have demonstrated and have strong share gain momentum with our innovation pipeline, our new products and our leading channel positions, particularly in wholesale and our premium position in China, which is holding up better than some of the lower-priced segments in China. So, we've demonstrated our ability to grow, and retain share in propane. That will continue, because we're focused on that. And you see that we are continuing to invest behind that initiative. So, I think that top-line story together with our demonstrated margin momentum, we're focused on margin execution. And with our strong drop-down in incremental volume, market outperformance and a flattish environment will drive margin enhancement. Of course, we're continuing to lean out our operations and keep a key focus on total cost productivity, which is the hallmark of our execution culture. So, in ‘24, I think we're, as we said here today, in agreement with the general assessment of a flattish market, and we intend to outperform in that market. I think importantly, longer term, we believe that there is a significant rebound in R&R spending when things normalize due to strong fundamentals. We've talked about the age of housing stock, strong home prices, strong equity levels and what we believe to be pent-up demand for R&R spending. So, it's a volatile time and I think based on our demonstrated execution, we're ready to go into ‘24 and feel good about it. And we're going to continue to invest in our brand service innovation to drive above market growth and win in the recovery.
Keith Allman: Yes, Joe. We're not going to get into specific discussion on price. So, price overall for Masco was around 1%, a little more in plumbing, roughly flattish in decorative. As we've talked about many times, we tend to be price-cost neutral in decorative over time. We have seen some sustained raw material deflation. Likely, price could be a little bit of a headwind here in fourth quarter, but maintain profit dollars.
Keith Allman: Yes. I think when we talk about getting back to the 2019 margin levels of 18%, it's more about driving cost savings initiatives, more about driving growth. If there is deflation and the inverse relationship to -- if you do end up giving back price, that could help. But I think we really were focused on improving margins from a cost proactivity and driving growth side of things.
Keith Allman: Yes. thanks for the question, Sam. Propane's been a great story for us and a lot of hard work and focus for really a decade now. It was -- it wasn't too long ago when this was just a small piece of our business and we've grown it now to be quite material. and the story has really been around staying focused on that segment of the market that we think we have a value proposition that really works. And it's that contractor, who also paints and does other things and is already in the aisle shopping at the Home Depot and when you couple that with the quality of our paint and our brands, and our innovation that we put in the can, it's in our cost competitiveness. It's a very strong story for that contractor. We think that's about half the propane business in total. And when we look at where we are today in terms of our overall volume, I think the important story to start with is we are just getting started. We have a relatively small share of that focused part of the market that we're going for. So, there's some nice white space to go after. The success that we've had today and the success that continues to resonate with the propane are based on today's net promoter scores that we look at very closely. So, we're holding onto this share, because it's not a one-time benefit. It's a benefit that has value to these focused contractors that continues, and it's about service. It's about reducing the friction and making it an easy process and an easy experience for the propaner to go through. So, we are -- there's no big silver bullet that we're looking to spend a significant amount of money and that we think is going to or hope is going to drive the benefit. It's doing more of the same and staying focused on service. So yes, that includes buying online and picking up and store ordering that includes expanding our delivery options, which of course, includes job site delivery. We still have significant room to expand our pro sales outside sales force, both at Behr and at Home Depot. We continue to enhance our loyalty programs. The list goes on. So, it's fundamentally about the blocking and tackling, and delivering in the service proposition to a targeted contractor. Prop really ranks. in terms of where we are in the build out, it's early innings. I mean when you look at the share that we have today and the share potential that we think we have, we're just getting rolling.
Keith Allman: Yes, Matt. it's always tough to tell if you're on the bottom or you're coming up, where we are in terms of stability. It's a volatile time period for sure. We have seen softening in international, in central Europe. Germany's economy is under a little bit of pressure. Of course, we've talked about China and we understand what's happening there. We do expect the softening to continue. I should say, we do expect it to be soft in Q4. hansgrohe is very resilient. We are gaining share significantly in Europe. So, to combat those choppy market conditions, the team has just gone to work and really penetrated not only in Europe, but also doing a fine job holding up in China and continuing to grow in some of our higher growth markets. In terms of where we see ‘24, I'm not going to get into the specifics of calling it down on the region, but a region-based [ph] that we are beginning to see some favorable signs in terms of more steady demand coming out of Europe and that that gives me a lot of positivity.
Keith Allman: Right. As where we sit today, it's been fairly consistent with what it's been in the past. And I would say that not only applies to our plumbing business, but also to paint, meaning that we do have periodic sales around some holidays. We have some new low price in spots, but by and large, it really has not, we have not seen any significant change in the promotional environment. And that's a choice. Obviously, we are strategic partners with our customers, but really that is their choice. And then sometimes, we participate in the funding and others we don't. So that's really up to them. And to this day, at this time, we really haven't seen much of a change at all in the promotional environment.
Keith Allman: Yes. our lighting and hardware businesses were down double digits, a little bit more than the segment, John. They tend to be a little more DIY-oriented type products. So, they pull back a little bit more than our paint and coating products in aggregate. So, we did see more softening -- sort of consistent softening, but we did see softer here in the 3Q on the lighting and hardware businesses.
Keith Allman: No, nothing beyond really what we've talked about. We may see a little bit more of international mix in our plumbing segment that could provide a little bit more headwind. Dave, maybe you can add color on to that. But we've -- the fourth quarters typically are slowest from a seasonality perspective. We do have costs that come in the fourth quarter, such as threw up on various accounts, compensation accounts and that sort of thing, that can have some headwinds. We've got a little bit of -- we bring up and start to more aggressively ramp up our new factories. We have a new paint facility outside; Columbus in Ohio and we have a new plumbing plant in Serbia. So, there'll be a little more expenses there in headwinds. But I think it's -- when you think about our margin and where we're going to be driving this in ‘24, I think it's best to think about the full-year ‘23 margins and then that strong incremental that I've talked about earlier on the call as it relates to share growth.
Keith Allman: Yes. we don't really like to break it down within the quarter as there's a lot of variability in terms of load in from new products and other comps, and that sort of thing. And it certainly varies, with respect to POS, I'd say we're seeing some fairly good trends.
Keith Allman: I'd characterize it by saying it's a mixed bag, Susan. When we look in Europe, we did see a pullback in the consumer, and there's some noise there with various legislation that's been, it's now clarified to a degree anyway, more than it was last time we talked as it relates to driving for non-fossil fuel heating systems in central Europe and Germany. and that taking away some of the consumer's willingness to spend on, say, battery model projects and that sort of thing as they're concerned with putting in greener heating systems per what they thought was pending legislation. It looks like that's going to now be protracted out to 2028. So, we expect that consumer to start to come back. So, in Europe, the consumer was kind of a little later to the game in the pullback, if you will and is now coming back in Europe. In the U.S., holding up fairly well for us. as expected, I should say, so we're not seeing any accelerated slowdown whatsoever. Again, I think there's a lot of volatility and uncertainty, and it's the full impact of inflation, I think is yet to be seen in the consumer. but by and large, the consumer is still holding in pretty good for us and our products. And I think that's driven by the bang for the buck, if you will, that the consumer sees in painting a room, and in changing our faucets and light fixtures, where it's a relatively inexpensive investment in your home. I think with work from home, where that's not fully going to go back to everybody working in the office, and that puts more wear and tear on the paint, and it's not that expensive to do it and you can do a DIY if you want. So, I think that combination has helped us.
Keith Allman: Yes. On DIY paint, we did see softening in 2Q actually, and continued softening here in 3Q. I think you have to look at the low-level existing home sales, which are a 13-year low. We haven't seen this level of existing home sales since 2010 at the end of the housing crisis. So, we think that is affecting DIY paint sales. So that market is softer here in 3Q, roughly in line with our revised expectation coming out of 2Q.
Keith Allman: Well, container costs have come down off their peak levels. That certainly has helped with freight. Some of our metals, such as zinc is off the ‘22 high. Copper, I think, is at about 350 a pound now. ‘22 high was closer to four bucks. So that's come off. Now, we haven't really seen that roll through the P&L, because of the time in the water and then the flow through of our inventory. But that would be a ‘24 tailwind for us. All in all, in plumbing, let's call it low single-digit deflation for the year. In paint, certain input costs have moderated. We've seen resins moderated a little bit. We're starting to see a little bit of deflation in the third quarter, but still inflation based on a full year. It's not, we believe -- not going to be enough to cover the inflation we saw in the first half. So, let's call it approximately flat all in for the total company for the full year. And then the reduced commodity costs that we're seeing in the back end of the year here would be benefits for us in ‘24.
Keith Allman: Yes. When you look across, Stephen, our segments and within segments, not everything is the same margin. So, there is a distribution of margins. And when you think about hardware, hardware is lower margin than paint. And that is an area, where we're looking to improve. And I will tell you that 18% is the target that we're shooting for now, but we think we have a significant room to continue to drive that even higher. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we'll be talking about, where we see some long-term margin targets on our call next quarter. Within plumbing, we have a broad plumbing platform and we've talked before about how there's a continuum of margin in that platform from some of the beautiful chrome-plated jewelry in the kitchen and bath in plumbing to some of the less decorative components, say, of a plastic shower pan that we would install in our bathing business. So, there is variability in margin and I think the key takeaway I'd like to share with you is that we've demonstrated the ability to execute and drive margin, be it with our focus on where we play and with our masco operating system to drive efficiencies. So, we'll be tackling the whole business. But yes, there's variability, of course, across our segments.
Keith Allman: Well, there's not a whole lot of variability when we look geographically and we look at margin variability on a product-type basis. We look at margin variability based on the raw component makeup of the products. We look at margin variability across channels. So that's all part of our operating system that we used to drive improvements. but we're not going to break it out specifically by those components as we talk here.
Keith Allman: Yes. I'd say investments were roughly in line with what we anticipated in 3Q, maybe a little bit light. We do plan to continue to invest in our business as Keith talked about. It will impact a little bit on the fourth quarter, but roughly in line with probably what we saw in 3Q. I'd say the margin improvement is much more of our -- as we've talked about the productivity improvements, as well as getting the price-cost relationship back to where it should be.
Keith Allman: Right. We've taken some targeted -- that's correct. Sorry about that. We've taken some targeted price here earlier in the year as well.
Keith Allman: Yes. the DIY market during COVID was a bit of a roller coaster, where it took a significant improvement, if you recall, when folks were reticent to have pros in their homes. And then when that kind of fear of COVID relaxed a little bit and people were more comfortable with pros coming in, pro took off and DIY went down. And that, I think, is -- it speaks to our diversification and our strength in pro for that customer that we can handle that variation and be there to catch that and grow share. But it has been an up and down market. I will tell you where we sit now in DIY, that absolute volumes are lower than our pre-pandemic, call it 2019 levels in DIY. with respect to, if I think, as I said, we'll get into more detail about next year on our fourth quarter call. I'm not so sure that the millennial cohort will be enough to really drive significant growth overall in the DIY segment, but we'll talk about where we see DIY more in detail in the next call.
David Chaika: Hey, Sam. on the backlog, we'd say that the propaners in general work through really significant backlogs over the past couple of years. It's probably more at a normalized level, still decent demand, but at a much more normalized backlog level. In terms of project size, that's a difficult stat to get a handle on anecdotally, maybe a little bit. but you really can't, don't have hard data to back that up at this point, probably a little early for that.
David Chaika: Yes, Matt. I’d just add. you're right. We did anticipate the international markets declining. So that the deceleration that we saw here in 3Q is roughly aligned with our expectations and yes, the keys point, there are signs of stabilization. I'd say it's a little too early to call it certainly or a trend, but definitely, our signs of stabilization.
David Chaika: Yes, John. let me take the pricing. Yes, we do expect further tapering in the fourth quarter as we analyze the majority of our price increases. We did take some selective price actions in plumbing earlier this year that we'll continue through, but the majority of our larger increases are analyzed now as we head into the fourth quarter. So, it'll be a little bit of a benefit that smaller than what we saw in 3Q. On the mix side, not a real material impact, but we have seen some mix impact, mainly geographic mix in our international business. So, we're a premium player in China. We like that position. We think that's a more resilient position, more consistent position to be in, and it feeds into the strength of our hansgrohe and AXOR brands. And when China is under pressure, a little bit more than the overall international market in general, that gives us a little bit of geographic mix, but it's not particularly material in the quarter in order to expect it to be throughout the year, a little bit more will be profitable.
David Chaika: Adam, I think you've had a good summary in general. It remains an uncertain market. So, there is some caution probably in the fourth quarter on the margin side. So, we do anticipate continued pressure from lower volumes, potentially a little bit of negative mix and plumbing, as well as we'll have plants started up costs in both -- in plumbing and decorative with our European Boston shower facility coming online, as well as our Heath Ohio paint manufacturer and distribution center coming online.
David Chaika: Susan, I would add to it, I mean, consumers clearly have been resilient. [indiscernible] consumers now since there have been significant increase in rates and inflation over the past couple of years. That said, they have demonstrated they are resilient when you look at home medically levels, they're feeling very good about their home. So, we do think that when things do stabilize that, that consumer will be very interested in remodeling their homes and as Keith alluded to, we do think there will be a nice pent-up demand that we fully intend to capitalize on.
David Chaika: Yes, Susan. Our typical philosophy is to allocate all of our free cash flow after dividends to share repurchases or acquisitions. So, with our significant cash flow and our pausing of share repos in the third quarter, we do tend to be fairly aggressive here in the fourth quarter. And then we talked about allocating $225 million likely towards share repurchases. If you look at ‘24, I think if you follow that basic formula of excess free cash flow, free cash flow after dividends allocated to share repurchases or acquisitions, you'd be right in the ballpark on how we're thinking about share repos for next year.
David Chaika: Garik, I would say that the fundamentals are still supportive of DIY paint, particularly when you think about millennials going into the housing market. And the basic research that we've done is that these -- that the millennials are DIY-ers, and not only for a single project, but they're returned DIY-ers. And paint, as we've shown with regards to, if there is such thing as a fun DIY project, that's how it's viewed. And our positioning with that is favorable for us.
David Chaika: Hey, Steve. we have made very nice improvements on the productivity line. Recall we had some inefficiencies in the back half of ‘22, particularly in plumbing that we've done a very nice job getting on top of. I'd say in terms of bucketing the biggest drivers clearly getting our price cost relationship back to where it should be throughout this year. So, we've had very nice cost recovery this year since we did lag it a bit last year. So that's the biggest bucket. The productivity is a nice tailwind to help with that, but the biggest bucket is the price cost recovery.
David Chaika: Yes, Truman. I'd add too. Just the copper and zinc are down, but they have been bouncing around too. They've gone down these levels. They've gone back up close to the ‘22 averages. So, it would run with that consistently through ‘24 at this point, but it does look like it'll be a little bit of a benefit.
David Chaika: Again, we'll get into our detail for ‘24 on the next call. We've taken some targeted price in plumbing this year here in the third quarter and our demonstrated ability as you mentioned with our pricing power is to stay in front of it -- to keep price cost in our sites and go after price through our channels when we need it. We tend to keep it and hold on to it longer in plumbing than we do in decorative, given our relationship with our significant customer in coatings. So, our pricing power is pretty strong. It's too early to say if we're going to take price next year. we'll have to see what that means in terms of our innovation pipeline and our new products that come out and where commodities ultimately end up. So, too early to call whether or not we're going to do any price in plumbing in ‘24. but certainly if needed, we've got the capability and the pricing power with our brands to be able to do that.
