John Bruno: Thank you and good morning everyone. Once again this is John Bruno. We appreciate your continued interest in PPG and welcome you to our first quarter 2020 financial results conference call. Joining me on the call from PPG are Michael McGarry, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Vince Morales, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our comments relate to the financial information released after U.S. Equity Markets closed on Monday, April 27th, 2020. I will remind everyone that we have posted detailed commentary and a company presentation slides on the investor center of our website ppg.com. The slides are also available on the webcast site for this call and provide additional support to the opening comments Michael and Vince will make shortly. Following management's perspective on the company's results for the quarter, we will move to a Q&A session. Both the prepared commentary and discussion during this call may contain forward-looking statements, reflecting the company's current view of future events and their potential effect on PPG's operating and financial performance. These statements involve uncertainties and risks, which may cause actual results to differ. The company is under no obligation to provide subsequent updates to these forward-looking statements. This presentation also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The company has provided in the Appendix of the presentation materials which are available on our website, reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. For additional information, please refer to PPG's filings with the SEC. Now, let me introduce PPG's, Chairman and CEO, Michael McGarry.
John Bruno: Hey, Kevin, this is John. So I would remind everybody, it's slower than what we guided to in January. In the first quarter of last year was a lower historical first quarter. So this first quarter came in, more in line to where we are typically in Q1. And I would say Q2 is forecasted to be a little bit lower than a normal Q2. So we do have some initiatives. We're still funding digitalization, which Michael talked about in his opening remarks is a new program that we're funding out of corporate. So we have some example like that that also impacted.
John Bruno: Hey, Mike, this is John. Just this is the second time; we've got an SG&A question. So I just want to remind folks that in the financial assumptions slide, we did provide a range of 28% to 29% for SG&A for Q2. So we did want to give you some help in modeling. So that might be a number you can take a look at.
John Bruno: Thank you. I would like to thank everyone for their time and interest in PPG and please remain safe and healthy. If you have any further questions please contact our Investor Relations department. This concludes our first quarter earnings call.
Vince Morales: This is Vince. I think one of the markers I’d look at is what we provided in the earnings information relative to Q1. We had about $90 million lower of segment earnings on $225 million lower sales for the segments. So, the decremental margins there were a bit more than we're accustomed to, but they reflected a somewhat non-traditional rapid decline in demand. A couple of points. We do have, as I mentioned, a high variable cost model in many of our businesses. As we look at Q2 though, just due to the nature of this crisis, we did -- we are effectively paying our employees for those who've been furloughed for their first two weeks. So, it's going to temper somewhat our ability to react to the lower demand on a cost basis. Also, given the staggered timeline of recovery by each of the regions, some of our businesses aren't able to as aggressively manage some of the cost falls, because we need global support as China is starting back up. With all that being said, I think we're hoping to do better than what we did in Q1 relative to the decrements, David. So, we're targeting a better or an improved decremental in Q2 than we had in Q1.
Vince Morales: Hey Ghansham, we're seeing staggered startups by region, different parts of our business, very public in the periodicals. So that we're making our best guess of what -- that's going to look like as we get further into the quarter here.
Vince Morales: Yes. We included on Slide 11, Ghansham, is the coating segments only. So, well we have different regional splits and businesses are different, a little bit different in size than they were then. And this is the coatings business only. As you can see volumes were down again, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks about 20% the first quarter of 2009, segment earnings were off over 60%. There hasn't been, I'd say a significant shift. We have lowered our breakeven points, and in many of our businesses with the restructurings we've done in the past couple of years, but this crisis is broader than what we saw in 2009. 2009 crisis was centered on housing and auto. This obviously affects some of our aftermarket businesses that were impacted but not to the degree they are. So it's really hard to draw complete comparison. But the point I'd make is we did lower our break evens in many of these businesses, so we're trying to manage around that.
Vince Morales: We are seeing in the second quarter though is Thailand is a big food pack region and we're seeing that down due to the virus.
Vince Morales: Yes, Kevin, it's Vince. The businesses that have the highest variable cost structure, highest fixed cost structure, excuse me, are businesses where we have leases and employees like our architectural business, regardless of the demand up or down in a given day, it's hard to flex those businesses. The businesses that are strictly OEM have a higher variable cost structure. We are able to reduce our folks at those facilities based on demand. We're able to ratchet down production, there's typically less distribution involved, it's usually straight from our factory to their factory. So I bucket into the categories of lower, lower fixed cost those OEM businesses in our industrial segment.
Vince Morales: And one other consideration, Kevin, is because the refinish business is a distribution business, we do know there's inventory in the chain. People were expecting as Michael alluded to earlier normal season. Typically, the distribution channels stock up ahead of spring, that stock up did occur. But then again, we have a rapid decline of demand. So we do know we'll have to work through inventory in the entire channel as well.
Vince Morales: Hey John, if you look at the normal commercial projects they are typically nine to 24 months or even longer -- even longer. So we expect those to carry-forward for the most part, certainly through Q3. They haven't been stopped, they'll be restarted and carry through Q3 if not in 2021. On the residential side, homebuilding occurs in weeks instead of months. So we do think after the current slate of homes are that are in-progress or constructed, we'll see a little bit of a void there. But that'll be again after probably the summer at a minimum.
Vince Morales: To Michael's comment earlier, the visibility is just not there for us to make those comments on that far.
Vince Morales: Yes. We went through the mix of customers we have. Globally, we did certainly look at it from a business and size of customer and their liquidity. So it's really a mix of all of our businesses and our expectations algorithmically against their metrics. Now, I'll point out, John, in 2008 and 2009, we didn't see a significant uplift in bad debt in that crisis. We did take this reserve because this crisis affects it's just broader and affects a lot of smaller customers differently than 2008/2009.
Vince Morales: I think the duration of the last crisis, Bob, was a contributor to that. People weren't unemployed for a longer period -- long periods of time. We're certainly hopeful, we don't know but we're certainly hopeful the duration of this crisis is shorter.
Vince Morales: Yes, Frank we alluded to earlier. We're most concerned about small business who has less levers of liquidity. And that that goes across many of our regions. So we took a more detailed approach with respect to trying to understand those small businesses and their capability to withstand a crisis like this.
Vince Morales: Well, we took some reserve in every one of our businesses and every one of our regions, but if you ask where we were heightened in terms of our concern in small businesses.
Vince Morales: P.J., I just tell you a little hard to hear you there. I think you asked about deferral or cancellation of projects into the spring or fall and again, we're getting information from our customers on a real-time basis. We do think as mandates, stay-at-home mandates are lifted, we'll see a surge of activity, projects that have been started are completed. There's certainly some pent-up demand as Michael alluded to, we're seeing in Europe as stores open there. But if you look at the reality is some of these hardest hit markets, especially in the commercial side, we expect to have a prolonged recovery. And in terms of their -- size of their business, and also in terms of their balance sheet repair. So those are the ones the maintenance work in any -- certainly any new commercial projects are ones where we expect to be either delayed or postponed or canceled.
Vince Morales: And as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, our finished goods inventory was elevated which it normally is at that point in the season. So we're working that down as we go through Q2 into Q3 as well.
Vince Morales: Yes, again the visibility here in Winslow and our operations teams deserve a lot of credit. They reacted and are reacting exceptionally quickly to the environment. As Michael mentioned, we're measuring the start-up of our facilities around customer demand. It's just too early to predict on what the drawdown will be of our finished goods. We have to see the demand patterns more fully in order to understand the working capital impacts. It's certainly a high focus for the company as it is at every company.
Vince Morales: Yes, Kevin, if you look at the segments, obviously there are several businesses on this slide that we say a higher volume impact that are in our performance segment -- performance coating segment which does have higher margins. So that is a negative mix impact as you alluded to. The businesses we expect to recover quicker have been in the industrial segment, that segment got hit hard in Q1. We do expect again some progression as we get to late Q2 and early Q3 in terms of the margins in that segment. I think your analysis is accurate.
Vince Morales: Yes. Again, as we mentioned earlier, that's certainly our target. There's some things working against that. But we're certainly targeting to improve versus the $90 million segment earnings decline on the $225 million sales decline that we experienced in Q1.
Vince Morales: Again, only I tell you, Arun, as I said at the outset of the question-and-answer session, so there's things working for us and things working against us, we have more time to be planful and have implemented discretionary cost controls that we didn't have at our benefit in March. But we again are being respectful of those folks being furloughed. And as I mentioned, there's a stage start-up going on. And we do have some costs that are global in nature that we need now in China and hopefully need them in Europe in the next coming weeks.
Vince Morales: Yes, Mike, the restructuring savings that we cited does not include these other discretionary costs. We haven't itemized or sized that level. Again, it's going to be part of the tempering we're going to try to do on the decremental margins that I alluded to several times.
Michael McGarry: David, I think it's a little early to predict that. We see a lot of positive signs in China. Now, of course, China has a lot more ability to control their environment than we do here in the States. They have apps that allow people to say that they're good to go into restaurants whether or not we develop anything like that here in the States, we'll be open to further discussion. But I would tell you everything I see in China, miles driven are up; flights in China are more full every day. There's more intra-China flights. So I see a lot of positives, but I think it's just too early to predict that.
Michael McGarry: Sure. And really, if you think about it by the major segments, our OEM guys are down in Europe and the U.S., and they won't be restarting until May 18. And even when they do come up, they've told us that they're going to run at slower rates as they try to figure out how to maintain the social distancing. So we factored that in. The second one of course is our large OEM Airbus and Boeing customers. Boeing has taken an extended period of downtime, Airbus is back up and running, but they each have cut their production rates. So that has an impact. And of course, MRO for the airline business is still unknown, right? So, we're going to wait and see. The good news is there are planes flying even if they're flying empty, they will need MRO. So, we'll be watching that carefully. If you look at refinish, I've noticed, and if you look at the gasoline sales of last week, gasoline sales have improved, so people are starting to drive more. What we will be really looking for is congestion to improve, so get back to a normal rush hour in the morning, rush hour in the afternoon, that'll be important to our business. So, I think those are the most important things. If you look at the rest of our customers, they're not really shut down. They're just having to moderate their production rates for the time being, so their ability to come back quicker will probably be likely. 
Michael McGarry: Yes. So Christopher, the lower raw materials will not have a material impact on Q2, we're going to be buying very few raw materials, we were coming into our busy point of the season, right and the plants were gearing up for regular paint season. So inventories were moving up as they always do at that period of time. So now with lower demand rates, we have plenty of inventory. So the plants that will be starting up will be running at a lower rate. And plus, when you think about it from a LIFO and FIFO standpoint, a lot of those raw materials don't flow through for 50 or 60 days. So there would be minimal impact in Q2. You should expect to see more -- much more impact in Q3 in the back half of the year.
Michael McGarry: Yes, so beverage is continuing to be strong. You probably saw the bev can numbers in the U.S., they were up 8% in the first quarter. Food was up 3%. Beverage up in Europe is up low-single-digits. Food is recovering. They had a bad year last year because of a weak harvest. So we expect them to be up low to mid-single-digits as well. We're seeing recovery in China. So that's providing some good tailwinds. So and then the other thing that you probably don't put a lot of recognition in but aerosols is a good segment for us. And so with aerosol cleaning products and things like that, that should also be positive. So all the demand trends in packaging are moving up.
Michael McGarry: Yes, I think a lot of it has to do with the fact that the current aging of the fleet is almost 12 years. And we expect people to continue to want to buy new cars. We also see that happening right now in China. So if you think about China car sales, they've incrementally improved each of the last half a dozen weeks. And actually last week, they were almost flat with prior-year. And so our experience has been that people still need vehicles, there's a likely positive out of this is that people are going to shun public transportation for some period of time, which means they're going to want to either buy a new car or they're going to want to continue to maintain the car they have. So I think those are going to be positive for us coming out of this.
Michael McGarry: Yes, so, Mike, you have to go by various regions around the world. So if you look in Italy, all our stores are closed and they're doing delivery. In France, we have -- we had gone through a period of time, the last two weeks of March and say the first two-and-a-half weeks of April where they were all closed, but now we've gotten permission to open up a few of them, and we have latent demand as soon as we open a store you can immediately see a pop in sales. So right now we have about, I would say about 40 stores open in France. And when you move over into the UK, they were mostly running all the way through near the end of March. And now we got probably about 40% of the stores are back open again. And again, you see a significant demand pull as soon as you can get a store open. So that helps us. We did not have to close any stores in Denmark, they had a record quarter, we had no store closures in the BENELUX, so that was also very solid performance. In the U.S. right now we have about 250 stores closed. But that is really more trying to not only comply with local regulations but also because we moved to a delivery model. It doesn't really matter whether the store is open or closed where we've moved to delivery. So the painters just want to know you get the product at the right place at the right time. So we'll continue to manage in that kind of environment.
Michael McGarry: Well, I think right now, I think directionally it's all we're going to say right now is it's down. It will depend upon July 1 type pricing, because solvents are immediately passed through, we'll start to see some of the resins benefit. But at this point, I think, I would, given that it's going to be so little and we'll have another chance to talk again at the end of the second quarter, I think I'd rather defer when we have more visibility into that number.
Michael McGarry: What we're seeing right now, Bob, the DIY numbers across our business are up significantly. And people they have free time on their hands. They want to get projects done. They're out there getting them done. We expect that to continue probably the whole summer. So I would say there's no likelihood that's going to stop anytime soon. And I think this has been consistent with when people nobody wants to be unemployed but when they're unemployed that gives them free time and that has been a positive force. Our DIY in Australia is up, our DIY in Europe is up, our DIY in Mexico is not much of a market but it's positive and certainly in the U.S., it's positive.
Michael McGarry: We did see that in the last economic crisis, Bob. It's probably too early to tell you right now what that's going to look like. Nobody is getting in an accident right now. But we'll be paying close attention to that. It's easy to tell because when you're driving down the road, you'll be able to see one and two panel accidents that aren't getting repaired, but we'll be paying a lot of attention to it.
Michael McGarry: Okay. So I would tell you that we're sorry -- yes pricing, yes. When I think about pricing, it's going to hold in there. The reason why is when I think about the production rates for most of our employees, our customers they are going to be down. And so they're not going to have a lot of leg to stand on in regards to the production rates. The second thing is the raw materials from, started going up in fourth quarter 2016 all the way through the first quarter 2019, and therefore we haven't quite captured back all that pricing. And so I think from that standpoint, we're going to be in good, good shape. So I don't -- I do not anticipate the pricing fallen off. We still have some other price increases we're going to be doing later this year. So clearly with the currencies being weak, that we'll have opportunities in Latin America, we'll also have it in our refinish business later in the year. So I think from that standpoint, pricing will continue to be a positive force.
Michael McGarry: P.J., I would say the only one that had significant inventory build would have been refinish. They had -- they anticipated a spring rebuild of the accidents that they had in the backlog. So now they're just working off the backlog. I would say that's the biggest one.
Michael McGarry: Yes. We won't get a lot of benefit in Q2. But when we talk to you again in July after the second quarter earnings are released, we can give more clarity on how it will flow through in Q3. I mean, typically raw materials flow through in that 50 to 60 day time period, but since we're going to be buying a lot less, we don't anticipate much benefit in Q2.
Michael McGarry: Yes, Jeff, we're certainly looking today at all of our discretionary cost items. The one thing that we don't know is the duration of this crisis. And as I mentioned, I think with the first question, we are seeing staggered startups. So in 2008/2009 everything was down for an extended period of time and we've worked our cost accordingly. Here it's a little more dynamic. And we're certainly trying to manage our costs aggressively. As you mentioned, we mentioned our break-even points are lower. So it's going be a little more difficult till we understand the duration of the crisis.
Michael McGarry: Yes, there if you look at that segment right now, they're probably down 15% through the first 27 days. I would tell you that it's a different mix than what we typically see. So a lot of that also has to do with like res repaint, people are not able to get into homes to do that type of work. You're seeing a lot less maintenance type work because of obviously the hotels aren't going to be spending any money. So it's a little early to tell you whether or not all these trends are going to continue. But I certainly think that the likelihood of lower maintenance especially in anything in the hospitality segment is going to continue to be significantly negatively impacted.
Michael McGarry: Well, let's start with TiO2. We're convinced that this is a supply demand driven market. I'm sure we're hearing a lot about costs on their side about ore. Frankly, that's kind of a red herring. So we are seeing lower TiO2 prices for Q2 not as much as it should be, but we're still working the system there. Demand obviously in the second quarter is going to be down considerably on the paint side, which is their largest end-use market. So we'll be shifting suppliers around to able to make sure we get the lowest TiO2 price. From a propylene standpoint, it's not just propylene; it's the downstream derivatives of the resins. And so on that side, that will be long as well. So we're anticipating that we'll continue to see some price relief in that area although that won't be a significant purchase in the second quarter like it normally is.
Michael McGarry: Yes. So that number is our current best estimate. If you think about automotive, we're just in delivery business. Now we do have some inventory on hand that we were going to be delivering in late March when they abruptly shut down. So we'll be asking our auto guys to take that inventory first, so automotive paint has aging requirement to it. So we try to make sure that we give them the fresher stuff. But otherwise we're -- they're placed in orders. I always tell people in the automotive, they give us a 60-day outlook, which is probably 80% accurate, a 30-day outlook, which is 90% and then a week or two before its 100% accurate. So right now, we're still sitting upwards of 21 days before they're starting up. So what they have given us a start-up number, we've factored that into the estimate that we gave you. We've looked at demand. And so we anticipate that they will ramp-up rates throughout the back half of the second quarter, so that's how we factor that for automotive. For refinish, we think the orders will be light given the fact that there's no density, no congestion, no miles driven. And so we're anticipating that we won't see significant inventory in the refinish side until the back half of the quarter. We obviously commercial transport, light industrial coatings, we're going to continue to see those. And then on the architectural side, those orders are placed the day before. So, they don't give you a lot of notice. You do know when the big projects are coming. So you're geared up for the big projects. But the day-to-day kind of stuff, they show up and tell you what they need, place their orders by noon, pickup 7 A.M. So we expect that to continue that order pattern, we don't expect to get a lot of visibility differently than we're getting now.
Michael McGarry: So from the architectural side, no we are not funding our painters. We're certainly more than happy to work with them. Right now, there still is a fair amount of commercial; there is backlog out there that they're going to work out. The question is, when does that backlog go away? They also have variable cost structures. So they hire painters during the busy season and then let them go as the season winds down. So they have the opportunity to manage their cost structure from that regard. So we'll be watching it. We do think that this could lead to more MSO type activities from the body shops. Clearly that's a benefit for us if that happens, and when that happens. So we'll be watching out for that. But the small body shops, I would say, they also have somewhat of a variable cost structure as well. But I would anticipate that they would be applying for the PPP money to support them in this regard.
Michael McGarry: So from a raw material standpoint, Duffy, about now call it 60% of the raw materials are dollar-based. So hence that's why we'll be able to pass-through a price increase down there to offset that here in the near-term. When you think about the rest of the business, our concessionaire network is not owned by us. It's owned by our partners. And so we don't have that big fixed cost structure that's hanging over our heads down there. What I can tell you right now is that the sellout in April is actually pretty good. We have about 1,200 stores that are operating what we call curtain down. So you can't physically walk in the store. But only 250 of those 1,200 are actually not delivering. So the vast majority of them are still delivering products. So, that is continuing to progress. And I would tell you, our overall Mexican team is somewhat cautious though because the current government is not as pro-business, as the prior government. And so we think that the back half of the year will be a little bit more challenging. Construction projects that are underway will probably be completed. But there's not a whole lot of new big stuff being started. And so that does give us a little pause for concern. So we're going to be watching that very carefully.
Michael McGarry: Laurence, I would say that the incremental margins on the way up in Europe and the U.S. will be somewhat similar; they should be on the higher end of the spectrum. So that will be a positive. From the delivery aspect, as you know, we've been a proponent of the delivery model for some time now; we're working with our premier authorized dealer network. We had a good quarter from that standpoint in the first quarter. So we think the delivery model will continue. And right now, once our customers get used to it, I think that trend line will continue. Obviously, we've tried to convince the owners of the businesses that when their painters come in our stores, they're not painting, they're not getting paid. And so the more that we can keep them out on the job site, the better it is for the owners. And I think they're going to start to see that become more evident in their business, so I think this is a long-term trend that's going to continue.
Michael McGarry: So right now, just to be clear like 60% of the global fleet is parked. So that is an unprecedented number from that standpoint. Your estimation of the aftermarket is relatively a good number. So you can continue with that kind of number. Right now, we're not thinking that this is a fundamental shift in the aerospace business. The global trends are going to continue I think. I think the fact that you're seeing all these people want to get up and get out of their houses reinforces that. We're seeing travel intra-China continuing to grow every week. So we do not see a fundamental shift. Now I do think the order book for the big OEMs will be materially lower because they're going to obviously going to try to figure out what their exact needs are. And right now they have no cash. So they will be looking to cancel some of that. So you have seen a significant cancellation. If you look at the net new orders for Boeing, they were minus 307, if I remember, right. Airbus did have some net new orders. So, the backlog I think will come down. But I think overall, this is still a good industry for us.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes, hi, good morning. Some of the painting projects for this point you've said could be delayed into the fall, they may slip into next year or get cancelled. And how do you think about those three buckets? And given that you slowed down utilization for your plants what is the inventory level in the channel for the spring? Thank you.
P.J. Juvekar: Thank you. And then what about inventory levels, have you sold paint into the channel for the spring? And did you have to slow down your plant as a result and can you just update us on sort of inventories in the channel? Thanks.
P.J. Juvekar: Okay. I just wanted to clarify something you said about raw materials. You said you will give more comments on second quarter, Michael. But does that I mean given that your volumes are down does it take longer for raw materials to flow through? Is that what you meant because you want to give guidance on second quarter? Thank you.
