John Bruno: Thank you, Andrea, and good afternoon, everyone. Once again, this is John Bruno, Director of Investor Relations. We appreciate your continued interest in PPG and welcome you to our first quarter 2019 financial results conference call. Joining me on the call from PPG are Michael McGarry, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Vince Morales, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our comments relate to the financial information released on Thursday, April 18, 2019. I will remind everyone that we have posted detail commentary and accompanying presentation slides on the Investor Center of our website, ppg.com. The slides are also available on the webcast site for this call and provide additional support to the opening comments Michael will make shortly. Following Michael’s perspective on the Company’s results for the quarter, we will move to a Q&A session. Both the prepared commentary and discussion during this call may contain forward-looking statements reflecting the Company’s current view of future events and their potential effect on PPG’s operating and financial performance. These statements involve uncertainties and risks, which may cause actual results to differ. The company is under no obligation to provide subsequent updates to these forward-looking statements. The presentation also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The company has provided in the appendix of the presentation materials, which are available on our website, reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. For additional information, please refer to PPG’s filings with the SEC. Now let me introduce PPG Chairman and CEO, Michael McGarry.
John Bruno: And Chris this is John. Maybe on your cumulative question, if you look at the past 10 quarters, raws are up in cumulative amount of low single digits and pricings maybe up 3% – a little bit more than 3%. We typically say, we need to get half for the raw material inflation to be even. So that’s the delta we’re looking at.
John Bruno: Yes. This is John. So our number one priority is to complete the restructuring initiatives. We’ve identify those alone. We’ll probably get as close to $70 million and we have additional initiatives that are not necessarily restructuring, that are other costs areas throughout the business, throughout the world that will get us to the $80 million. So we still feel very comfortable with that number.
John Bruno: Gary, that’s our normal seasonal trend. Our corporate cost are historically higher in the first quarter for some different reasons and then the second through fourth quarter normally are at a lower level, but similar.
John Bruno: Dmitri, this is John, I’ll take that. So annualized these three acquisitions total about $400 million of annual revenue. The majority of that’s going to be the industrial coatings, Whitford and Hemmelrath posted at the Industrial Coatings segment. In our initial guidance we provided in January, we said about $250 million benefit, this year that could be a hair higher because we have been able to complete both acquisitions maybe a little bit faster than we originally thought.
John Bruno: Thank you, Andrea, this is John Bruno again, I would like to thank everyone for their time and interest in PPG. If you have any further questions, please contact our investor relations department. This concludes our first quarter earnings call.
Michael McGarry: Kevin, as you know 13th National People’s Conference took place in the first quarter. The VAT for coatings was dropped from 16% to 13%. VAT for cars was dropped from 10% to 9%. Social insurance contributions were reduced. So, there’s a lot of what I would say, I don’t know, total stimulus is the right word, but there’s a lot of influence in the marketplace that lead to better performance. As you know, we do see automotive numbers in real time. And so we’re optimistic that the second half of the year is going to be better than the first half and we do have insight into, like I said previously, 90 days we have a fair amount of confidence 60 days, 30 days. We have high confidence. So we’re starting to see the early signs of that.
Michael McGarry: Well, okay. NOAA, as you know, reported the wettest January and February around. But as we always tell our operating teams, we have to be able to function because somewhere else in the world you get good weather always have a different put and take on that. So we’re not going to point to that. We do see our customers have a good backlog. You know, we do have a slightly different mix and maybe some of our competitors, as far as our stores. But overall, we still think this is a very good market and we’re anticipating favorable comps going forward.
Michael McGarry: Well, Mike, if you look at the various pieces, let’s start with aerospace. We’re going to continue to see very, very good growth in that business. The underlying trends are very nice. So whether it’s the build rates, whether it’s the military, however you want to frame it, aerospace is going to have a very solid quarter and back half of the year. Refinish, we had a lighter comp numbers in the third and fourth quarter last year, so we’re going to be comping against a little bit easier. PMC, as you saw from the first quarter, are up double digits. We continue to see a recovery in that segment. Marine bouncing off the bottom, strong protective sales in that segment. So I would tell you that we have a lot of confidence in that. And probably the most encouraging one is architectural Europe. We try to kind of lead you to this conclusion in prior calls. We were the first one to raise price in Europe. We raised it significantly. So last year, we were giving up share preferentially to get prices up. Now our competitors are up. They’re raising price to that business that has historically been ours. It’s been flowing back to us. We had a very good quarter in the first quarter. We anticipate that trend line continuing the second quarter as well as the back half of the year. Comex and our team is just doing a phenomenal job in Mexico, Central America. So I would tell you that, that’s – we’re getting price there. We’re having customers trade up. Ever since we’ve owned Comex, we brought higher value-added products in there. That’s been a positive. Automotive OEM is a little bit of a wildcard. We see the U.S. as relatively stable, 16.7, 16.8, somewhere in that range. Europe kind of ticking down marginally. But eventually, they’re going to have all these diesel things behind them, and it’s a solid market. So we anticipate a better second half of the year. And then when you think about Asia, similar to what I said earlier, we’ll have very soft comps to compare against in the third and fourth quarter. So that will be better. General industrial, more the same. We see the stimulus having a little more positive impact. So I think there’s a lot of things we would point to that gives us this confidence.
Michael McGarry: The market over there is not that much different than the U.S. and you have a slightly softer, less collisions down the 1% or 2%, slightly more totals. But overall, we’re still gaining the shops over there, so that’s a positive. Prices, we’ve been able to successfully raise price over there. So I don’t see the trends in Europe any different than I do anywhere else. Now, obviously sequentially, second quarter will be better than first quarter for refinish Europe because of the timing of the price increase. But, I’m not concerned at all about that refinish sales volumes.
Michael McGarry: Well, we still have the same kind of perspective is that it’s going to be a low growth market, let’s call it zero to 2%. But I think what we’re most excited about is the share that’s flowing back to us. And I think the fact that, we do see a number of countries, especially Eastern Europe, which we always view as a good sign when Eastern Europe is doing well. That’s a very good market for us. They’re having some strong numbers and probably a little bit of a surprise to us is UK and Ireland. They’ve outperformed our expectations, we thought with Brexit it would be a much slower market. But surprisingly, we continue to grow nicely in that market.
Michael McGarry: Yes, John the fire in Texas didn’t impact anything we buy. But what it does impact is the access to the other products that are in that terminal. So that’s been the challenge. So we regard that as a one quarter disruption. As far as oil, remember we have a – I always like to say, we have like nine different buckets of raw materials. You got half of them up and half of them down, one of them flat. Oil will impact solvents. But most of our other raw materials are impacted by supply and demand derivative. So, obviously we’re encouraged to see that propylene remains weak, ethylene is – we view ethylene as the long-term over supplied market, which will help us. So I would tell you that, we still remain firm on our raw material projection, which is low single digits. And that the back half of the year comps will be much easier on raw materials.
Michael McGarry: So David, our response is the same one we gave in the fourth quarter that we don’t think we need to be talking about TiO2 this year. You have some pluses and minuses but overall it’s a nonevent in our market basket. So that would be the way we would describe that.
Michael McGarry: David, I don’t think so. I’m viewing this the same way we saw with architecture. We were the first ones out with price, we’re the most aggressive and trying to hold our customers accountable for us to recover our margins. We provide a lot of values to our customers, a lot of new technology. And obviously we’re getting price across the world in that. So when our competitors are getting as aggressive as we are, if they do that, then we would expect to see some of that volume flow back. Right now it’s more important for us to get price and that’s our number one objective.
Michael McGarry: Well, I think the way I would answer that Chris is that, Vince said that we’re all recognizing that when you compare margins at 2017 and 2018 below our 2016 levels, we need to get back to those levels. The sales teams are well aware of the gap that still exists and the marching orders have not changed. So we’re going to continue to work hard to capture that gap. Our customers know that gap still exists and it’s up to us to get the additional price but also provide additional value to our customers. So it’s a win-win.
Michael McGarry: Yes. As we said coming into the year, it’s pretty active acquisition pipeline and our preference right now remains to vet those acquisitions before we make any considerable decision regarding share repo. But our active pipeline will keep us busy for a little bit of time and will determine whether those are value creating in auto, whether we’re considering them for our portfolio. If that doesn’t work out, we’ll reassess how we’re going to deploy our cash.
Michael McGarry: P.J., we do see how our customers are preplanning. And so we have insight into that. So that’s one item that gives us a little more confidence. Clearly, we see the current production levels that we see in April, but that’s 15 days. Remember, China’s had, if I remember right, nine or 10 consecutive monthly declines – 10 monthly declines in a row. So I’m not going to jump out in front of this right now. Let’s wait until we see how the actual numbers turnout.
Michael McGarry: Yes. So Don, I’ll take the first half and let Vince take the second half. We started shipping Home Depot early May, so we’ll have three months of Home Depot versus two months in the second quarter. Obviously, there was a lot of confusion in the marketplace. Olympic was at both Lowe’s and Home Depot. This year, it’s only at Home Depot. So they were still be some people looking around and make sure they find the world’s greatest thing Olympic. But I would envision that, we will continue to have positive comps. I won’t speculate about how much because I think that’s Home Depots business. But the relationship is very good. They’re the best retailer in that space and we’re very privileged to be a partner with Home Depot. So maybe Vince, you want to tackle…
Michael McGarry: Well, I think, Arun, the cost management, something – we were watching our order book every day, where we’re taking necessary actions, business by business, region by region, based on the order book. Q1 was very choppy in terms of the macro. So several of our businesses took immediate and swift action to minimize any cost. If we see the volume come back, I think we’ll have a more traditional cost structure. From a pricing perspective, the only thing we did was get price a little earlier than we anticipated. We thought some of those would drag on into Q2, but the level of pricing that we achieved is what we were targeting. We just had a little earlier than what we anticipated in our guidance. With respect to currency, I’ll let you guys – you guys are the experts on currency. We just make paints. We don’t predict the currency markets. I’ll let you guys opine on that.
Michael McGarry: Yes, just generically speaking where we’re targeting 2016 as a marker. There’s a lot happened in the world from 2016 to 2019. So it’s not going to be a straight linear comparison, but 2016, the point in time where we’re using as a marker from our margin perspective. We have work to do as you pointed out. We were targeting to get margin parity by the middle of the year. We were glad to get there in Q1. And then we’re open to improve on our margins year-over-year in the back half of the year.
Michael McGarry: So, I think I’ll pass on saying how much we passed on. I think that it varies by business and it varies by region. But what I will tell you is that in the second quarter, we’re still anticipating a little bit softer on the volumes. But when you look at the third and fourth quarter, you’re seeing us comping against a different environment from the third and fourth quarter of 2019. Plus we see the stimulus impact is going to be a positive. We see the U.S. continue to be good market, Mexico continuing to be a good market, and some slight recovery in architectural business in Europe. So, I think there’s enough things out there that give us good confidence level that our predictions are going to be relatively accurate.
Michael McGarry: And Mike, just to put that in perspective, we had 13 quarters in a row of positive volume in our industrial coatings business. So I’m not going to – I don’t like this quarter, but we’re still looking at our sales teams doing a very good job on the marketplace.
Michael McGarry: Well, it’s actually a factor of everything. Our sealants business continues to gain share. Our coatings business continues to gain share. And certainly, our transparencies business has done a phenomenal job of winning new programs left and right. So every one of those is a positive. You have commercial aero. Commercial is doing very well. Military is doing very well. And the only semisoft would be the general aviation. But our biggest customer, who is very large in that general aviation market, is winning share. So we’re also affiliated with the right customer. So we did factor into our second quarter guidance some of the most recent commentary from one of the large OEM plane makers. But overall, we’re going to have a very solid second quarter and a record full year in aerospace.
Michael McGarry: So, clearly, as I tried to explain the last time, there were two events that clearly impacted the rate of initial early recovery. And the first one is our friends in Cleveland, Valspar, I think the Valspar team, without speaking for one of my peers, they were a little slow off the block. That was a challenge. We were trying to buy our friends in the Netherlands. At that time, they immediately went into a mode of saying they were going to grow 4% volume. And that doesn’t work in an environment where raw materials are going up, you need to be focused on getting prices up. So the competitive environment is the challenge at that point. So clearly, a couple of us got off a dime and were moving quickly than the others. Now, not everybody, but most everybody is on looking at their margins and getting a lot of pressure from the shareholders and they’re trying to recover margin. So I think that’s one lesson learned. And maybe the other lesson learned is we need to stick to it and maybe we should have walked away from some volume a little bit earlier. And so maybe that’s the lesson learned.
Michael McGarry: Jeff, this is Michael. What we always tell everybody is on every acquisition in the coatings, paint and specialty products space that we have, we’re always interested in looking at everything. And just because we don’t get something doesn’t mean that we aren’t interested. But what I will tell you is that if we were always winning, then people would be concerned. But at the same time, every company makes their own decisions about what is the right price to pay and how does that impact their shareholders. And so I would say different people have different answers for the exact same acquisition. So all I will tell you is that we try to be active, we try to look at everything. But for PPG, right now, we’re very comfortable where we are.
Michael McGarry: Jeff, I’ll take the first one. Vince will jump on the second one. So our operating cash flow was a use of cash, I believe it was $66 million used, which is less than a use of cash than we had in the first quarter of last year. We’ll have our full cash flow statement released here shortly when our Q was filed.
Michael McGarry: Jeff, the only thing I’d add is, Latin America south, so if you go all the way down to the southern part, that’s more U.S. dollar based, so the weakness in the currency can have impact. So but no real material, when we think about our total sales in Latin America south, that’s not a material number. So you should not assume that there’s a material difference between the regions.
Michael McGarry: Well, let’s start with the original issue. Going back a year ago is the Blue Skies initiative for China in 2018 led to a lot of disruption and we saw coming into 2019 that they had delegated from Beijing to the provinces, the enforcement of environmental actions. And so they were much more focused on employment and so the supply was much more readily available. But once they had the explosion in Jiangsu province, this has led that province to get much aggressive on some of the under performers. And so the impact of the things that you probably can’t see in your numbers, but think about the antibacterial products that you might buy, making sure the paint in the cans are healthy, that would be one. There are some unique epoxies that would be coming out of there. That would be another one, but overall what we see is that it’ll take a little while for them to resource themselves out, we’re paying most attention to is what the enforcement level is going to be post the next say quarter two, quarter three, whether it’s just going to be contained as a Jiangsu province or whether they’re going to – again, much more aggressive if you will and re-institute the controls out of Beijing that’s what we’re paying attention to.
Michael McGarry: All major suppliers to all the major home centers have sales reps that are covering the stores. Dependent upon the agreement with the various vendors, you get X an amount of sales rep for X number of stores. So, the good news is I think the Home Depot team has a very solid approach where everybody focuses on the customer and driving conversion in the store. And that’s the metric that they hold us and our competitors are accountable for. And I think our teams have been doing a very good job in Home Depot plus a number of our retail partners as I said on my opening remarks, we had positive comps at the other large DIY change, which is good, but we’re not doing anything different than what our peers are doing.
Michael McGarry: Yes. The only other factor that is relevant is really the fact that we have done a lot of value selling up the chain, so when we bought Comex, there’s been some additional technology brought in, so there’s a lot more premium products being sold to them. The coverage of the premium products is better than that what I would call the value products. So that leads to a little bit on a share or I wouldn’t say net share but the volume numbers being negative, but when you look at the overall impact to the EBIT, it’s very positive. So we actually even though our volume was marginally down we actually had a record quarter for the PPG Latin America team and we’re anticipating the same. Overall though the timing of Easter – there’s two major holidays in Mexico, Easter and Christmas and Christmas doesn’t move, but Easter does and that’s the impact. So we kicked off our Easter promotions a couple of weeks ago and so all that falls in the second quarter instead of the first quarter.
Michael McGarry: Yes. So we started taking up the orders in the second half of 2018. They’ll generally paint the ships 12 month to 18 months after the order comes in, but this is off a very low base. So you know the marine business is probably down 60% from its peak. So we are coming off a very low bottom, overall the business though is positive both in protective and marine that lead that double-digits, and we anticipate that a trend line continuing.
Michael McGarry: I think last year we were a skosh below the market 1% maybe, but overall, when I look at our customer base and when I see the market and the fact that we’re still having a number of shop wins. I feel comfortable that we’re a relatively close to the market.
Michael McGarry: Well, I’m not worried about them investing right now, because their incremental margins are very high. So if you look at most of our suppliers, I won’t name names, you can do it yourself. But they’ve had a very good run the last few years, so I’m not worried about them from that standpoint. I think our short-term perspective, we said it would be low single-digits on the low side of low single-digits, we still see that, we’re still holding to that. And so I think we’re in the right spot, Laurence.
Michael McGarry: Well, Jim it really differs based on geography, based on market – end market, so it’s hard to call a singular answer to that question. There are certainly things that we looked at as we probably won’t act on or didn’t act on. And there’s other things based on synergies and post multiples that we have an interest in. So it really depends – it’s episodic by what’s out there today. And then again, I’ll just reiterate, there is a certainly activity in the marketplace.
Michael McGarry: Well, two things we do expect the higher absolute dollar pricing in Q2 versus Q1. But I’ll remind you, last year we started to get price throughout the year. So again, we’re stacking on top of a harder comp. So the percentage remains to be same Kevin, but on a pure staff dollar basis, we definitely expect higher Q2 pricing than in the prior year.
Michael McGarry: I think those comments are primarily focused on what you would call traditional blocking and tackling. We can’t hide from the fact that the economies out there is dropping, there’s a lot of things that aren’t within our control. And we – if we see something going sideways or down even in a more draconian way, we’ll take whatever decisive actions we need to take and that could be deeper than blocking and tackling. But I think the mention we had in the prepared remarks is really around blocking and tackling.
Vince Morales: Mike, this is Vince. Just a couple of key items to put forward. One, the customer assortment change that Michael talked about earlier, that actually was announced last year March 1. Once that was announced in 2018, we took out most of the support costs before we got to Q2, but we had a full sale in Q2, we would take or pay with that customer in Q2. So they took a full allotment without the support costs. So that assortment is a bit more penal in 2019. We did have obviously a strong automotive market last year in Q2, we didn’t see erosion in the auto market until Q3. Q2 is typically a higher seasonal quarter. So bigger impact in Q1. And finally in Q2 of last year, if you look at our corporate line, we started to make adjustments to our incentive compensation on our corporate line. I think our corporate line was in the mid-20s – $20 million range last year and we gave out a projection in the release that will be almost double that in Q2 of this year. So those three of the primary factors that put this a little bit different than Q1.
Vince Morales: And David it’s Vince. I think our customers clearly understand that calendar year 2017 and calendar 2018, we got little to no price. So we’re still well in arrears in terms of value capture for what we delivered to them.
Vince Morales: Yes, Chris this is Vince. I’ll take the second part of your question. We’re still on pricing in Q2. We’re still doing surgical and targeted pricing in not only the industrial segment but in other businesses. So I would definitely not consider as high watermark. And I think you alluded to it properly, we’re starting to stack price on top of price. We still got some need to recover in certain businesses or regions. And we’re going to continue to push to try to fully recover this over the course or balance of this year.
Vince Morales: Yes, Chris, it’s Vince. Again for us, we worked extremely diligently the past 12, 18 months to secure the pricing that you’re seeing here in Q1. We fully expect that to carry forward for the balance of the year. And again, we do have additional targeted pricing coming in not only in auto OEM but other businesses. So again, our emphasis is to recover our margins fully. But to Michael’s point, we’ve got to make sure we’re demonstrating to our customers the value we bring.
Vince Morales: Repeat events. Yes, I don’t know that we’re growing better than the market. We didn’t say that. We do have a definitional difference with some of our competitors. We include industrial coatings and our industrial segment. Other folks can include those differently. And our industrial business was, as Michael mentioned it, lighter this core in Q1. So again, I would not say, we’re outpacing the market. For us, we go to market with a multichannel approach. We’ve always done that. We do well, certainly, with the Home Depot and other major merchandisers. Our dealer channel, albeit a lower growth channel, is a good channel for us with a low cost to serve and we certainly support our trade network as much as possible. And we’re doing selective additions. We’re doing selective pruning in all those channels.
Vince Morales: Hi, this is Vince. A couple things that differ from the beginning of the year, one, we certainly secured pricing at a level that we had – as hope a little bit better than that. The second issue, as we were very aggressive on our cost management, given the uncertainty in the economic backdrop. And we’ve also seen currency coming in a little better than we anticipated at the beginning of the year, but still negative year-over-year. So those are the three primary factors that deviate favorably from our guidance.
Vince Morales: Yes. In terms of your question, Don, around where we are versus the 2007 peak. We were down still almost 20% in volume for the whole architectural Europe region. So we still have not seen this is the really the first signs of recovery. We’ve seen since the recession in our volumes. That’s a holistic comment. We certainly seen differences by countries, as Michael mentioned, the UK has been a good country for us for the past couple of years, but we’ve seen other markets that have continued to vein. But holistically, we’re down, just under 20% cumulative since 2007. We are recording very high incremental margins, as Michael mentioned in his prepared remarks. These are coming in somewhere in the vicinity of 35% to 40%. So that volume is extremely lucrative to us when it does occur.
Vince Morales: Well, there’s two sides to that equation. We certainly welcome volume. That makes the story a lot easier. In a nascent volume environment, we would expect supply/demand to work in our favor on the raw material side.
Vince Morales: Okay. It’s Vince again. Just reiterate, I think we’re anticipating doing the margin parity in the first half of the year, so by the end of the second quarter. Again, we got there a little earlier. Let’s be clear, we’re still several 100 basis points below our targets. So we still have a lot of recovery underway and we’re going to start working our way back there for the balance of this year.
Vince Morales: Well, automotive is clearly one, industrial is another. So those are the two biggest areas. And China and Asia in general, what we’ve said is getting price in China is not easy. You have to do it a lot of times by backing up your request for price by saying if you won’t meet the need that we have, we’re happy if you take your business somewhere else and then they get serviced at a, I would say, lower level. And then they’re happy to come back and pay the higher price, and/or if they’re missing the technology, which is generally the biggest thing they miss, so they come back to us and say we really need that better technology, whether it’s a waterborne, whether it’s the products that help their productivity in their plants or whatever it is, that generally is important because once it’s showing up in their manufacturing line and once their manufacturing people have to account for it, that’s when the purchasing people have less power.
Vince Morales: And Mike, I got to add, I think the volume erosion, if you look over the past four quarters or three quarters, as you mentioned, is really coming in the industrial segment. That segment had been producing 3%, 4% volume growth up until really the third quarter last year. And everything we see in that particular segment has really been macro-driven. Obviously, with China auto coming off, European auto coming off, the halo effect of that around the general industrial businesses that get affected by kind of Tier 1, Tier 2 suppliers. So that’s all macro. And again, we’re going to anniversary some of that as we go into the back half of the year here.
Vince Morales: Yes. I’ll let Michael answer the question, but I want to make sure for our salespeople on the phone, our margins are not recovered. So we’d be very clear for that. We still have room to go. Go ahead, Michael.
Vince Morales: The other thing I thought just to add thought, I think you know this of course, but we have a very good architectural business in Australia and a growing business there. So we are on the continent and we’re number two on the continent.
Vince Morales: I do want – I’ve mentioned something again, we were pleased with the results in the quarter, but one of the metrics we were not pleased with was our – we had a little bit of growth in working capital. A couple of the causation factors there. We along with most other companies build a lot of inventory around Brexit and now that that’s been extended out, we’ll be able to work that down. Michael mentioned, we’re going live with the new ERP system and our refinish business in the U.S. we’ve built inventory ahead of that as a contingency and both the SEM acquisition and the recently close Whitford acquisition, we actually have stepped up that inventory as part of acquisition accounting and until that inventory flows through cost of sales and that’s a high level of inventory ahead of retail price. All that being said we got to get our working capital down to prior year levels. We have the teams in last week talking about that specifically, so we’re focused on that. So again we’re in better in our cash flow in last year, but still more room to go. With respect to raw material inflation, we don’t see any differences really at this point by geography. We think it will be more driven by supply demand as opposed to the things you mentioned. The supply demand situation is different in each of the major regions and that’s typically – especially in a light volume environment, that’s typically more of a predictor of which way the raw materials may go by region. But we haven’t seen anything to-date.
Vince Morales: Yes, I would call it an acquisition possibility. Again, we worked with Home Depot on what products, what value we can bring to them on a product-by-product basis. So again, I wouldn’t consider that to be any type of an acquisition relationship.
Vince Morales: Yes, Dimtry this is Vince. One of the issues we had with the comparison in early April is the Easter. Easter fell very late at April last year. So really the proxy is diluted in order for us to compare, you normally can get a good pickup there by now, but it’s a bit diluted. I would say we’re not displeased with what we’ve seen in April, but it’s too early to make a call and whether we’re seeing some pickup from March.
Vince Morales: Yes, and then Laurence your first question I have that is again, I think what we’ve – this is an industry that values technology sort of really plays into our sweet spot. I think we’ve been able to work with our customers once they gain share, we’re gaining more than our share of new products or new entrance and the new products that are – they’re putting into the marketplace. So that’s really where we’re winning in aerospace.
Vince Morales: Hey Jim, Vince. As Michael said in his prepared remarks, SEM is performing at above their segment margins that was a highly accretive acquisition for us, good array of products, very well recognized brand in the marketplace and that’s performing above segment. Whitford and Hemmelrath will come in as traditional acquisitions below segment margins and it’ll take us 12 to 18 months to scale those up as we work through the synergy capture.
Vince Morales: And Jim the other thing I would add is, we bought some Whitford and Hemmelrath and each one of them had a different multiple. But the way we look at is post synergy, what does that multiple look like? And they were all in the single-digits range, so you have to really parse these things into the acquisition, what’s your pain, what’s your synergies are, what’s your growth is. And so there is a lot of other factors, so you just can’t look at just the multiple.
