Vincent Morales: Thank you. Good afternoon. This is Vince Morales, Vice President of Investor Relations for PPG Industries. Welcome to PPG's first quarter 2011 financial teleconference. Joining me on the call today from PPG are Chuck Bunch, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Bob Dellinger, Senior Vice President, Finance, and Chief Financial Officer; and Dave Navikas, Vice President and Controller.  Our comments relate to the financial information released on Thursday, April 21, 2011. As a reminder to everyone, we have modified our quarterly earnings call process. Approximately 1 hour ago, we posted detailed commentary and accompanying presentation slides on the Investor Center of our website, ppg.com. The slides are also available on the webcast site for this call. We will not read those prepared remarks during the call. During the call, Chuck will share his perspective on the company's results in the quarter, and then we'll move directly to Q&A. This modified process allows substantially more time for Q&A, while providing a similar amount of data compared to our prior approach. Both the prepared commentary and discussion during this call may contain forward-looking statements reflecting the company's current view about future events and their potential effect on PPG's operating and financial performance. These statements involve uncertainties and risks, which may cause actual results to differ. The company is under no obligation to provide subsequent updates to these forward-looking statements. This presentation also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The company has provided in the appendix of the presentation materials, which are available on our website, reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. For any additional information, please refer to PPG's filings with the SEC. Now let me introduce PPG's Chairman and CEO, Chuck Bunch.
Vincent Morales: No, P.J. Just to refresh everybody, we have higher pre-2010 hedges in, primarily in our Commodity Chemical business but also a small portion in our Glass business. We have -- they're in the range of between $7.50 and $8 depending on the quarter. We had about just under 20% in the first quarter hedged. And that bleeds off, P.J., at about 1% per month. For the full year, we're about 12% hedged at $7.50. So we're continuing to experience that as a tailwind as we go throughout the year based on current market price.
Vincent Morales: In the Architectural Europe business, currency was negligible less than 1%. And in Commodity Chemicals, currency was -- make sure I got the right number here, again, virtually negligible, rounding to 1%.
Vincent Morales: Well, again, I the biggest driver there, Gaji, is demand. Demand remained strong. Chuck mentioned the unfortunate events in Japan have constrained supply, at least temporarily. So we've said since the beginning, or the end of the year, we remained bullish on this segment and that still holds true today. That we feel good about the supply-demand economics. We do have that tailwind from natural gas, so we feel good about the segment.
Vincent Morales: Gaji, I think that if you look at our margins, 2 big deltas versus '08. 1, we took a tremendous amount of cost out during the recession in coatings. I don't have that specific number in front of me, but hundreds of millions. And secondarily, were still down close to 10% in volume. Now we've worked hard to offset price in raws. But volume and cost are the 2 big deltas versus '08. And one's positive, obviously, and one's negative to margins.
Vincent Morales: We don't give specific pricing, Don, for obvious reasons, commercial reasons. But we did get our fair share of the caustic increase. Chlorine held fairly stable throughout the quarter. And as Chuck mentioned earlier, we have 2 price nominations for Q2 that, based on recent market events, I think, he would feel good about them or emboldened about them.
Vincent Morales: 3 moving parts there, Frank. 1, the downtime. So a fewer tons. The second would be the maintenance costs will be higher, which is multimillion dollar shifts higher in maintenance costs. And you're exactly right, we do expect stronger pricing to compensate, if not more than compensate for that.
Charles Bunch: Thank you, Vince, and welcome, everyone. PPG posted record earnings per share this quarter, marking the third consecutive quarterly record for the company. We have built on the strong performance and momentum from the second half of 2010. Our year-over-year sales improved 13% to $3.5 billion, with each major region posting double-digit percentage sales increases and higher sales in every PPG reporting segment.  Higher volumes accounted for about 1/2 of our sales growth, led once again by stronger global industrial activity, which aided many of our businesses. The global industrial recovery continues with solid growth in emerging regions and North America, and with strengthening conditions in Europe. The higher European activity levels outpaced our expectations of a few months ago. Excellent volume growth was also a key factor in the record earnings performance by our Optical and Specialty Materials segment. In construction end-used markets, activity levels remained low in the developed regions, as these markets have not demonstrated any convincing signs of imminent improvement.  Despite the market weakness, our volumes in businesses serving these markets were modestly positive in comparison with an already low prior-year base. Improved selling prices accounted for the majority of the company's remaining sales gains in the quarter. Every reporting segment posted higher year-over-year pricing, with the most significant percentage gains in Commodity Chemicals and Glass, resulting in substantial earnings recovery in these segments versus the recession-impacted first quarter of last year. In our Coatings businesses, higher selling prices partially offset persistent raw material cost inflation. Despite inflationary cost pressures, operating margins in each Coatings segment were essentially flat with the prior year, and our total Coatings operating earnings improved by nearly 12%. Volume and pricing gains were supplemented by continued aggressive cost management actions. We also expanded our product reformulation activities in an effort to utilize lower cost raw materials to limit inflationary impacts on our customers.  Lastly, another growth lever for us is the continued deployment of our cash for earnings accretion. While our recent acquisition activity has been minimal, we repurchased about $275 million of PPG stock during the quarter, bringing our total repurchases over the past 9 months to about $700 million at an average share price of $81. As a result, our share count has dropped nearly 3% versus last year's first quarter. In summary, our performance in the quarter was excellent. Despite persistent inflationary pressures, our overall segment margins improved by more than 300 basis points in comparison with last year, and 150 basis points sequentially versus the fourth quarter of 2010. We posted double-digit sales growth on strong volumes and higher pricing and achieved record first quarter earnings per share. We also returned about $375 million of cash to shareholders, including $90 million of dividend. Looking ahead, we remain optimistic as we anticipate similar economic trends in the second quarter, which is seasonally our strongest sales quarter. We remain focused on offsetting inflationary pressures with expected additional price gains in the second quarter in all our businesses.  Also, our aggressive cost management and execution focus remains. Finally, we continue to work on accretive initiatives to deploy our cash. We are applying our disciplined approach toward evaluating acquisitions and anticipate several small- to medium-sized bolt-on acquisitions over the next 6 to 9 months.  Lastly, as a reflection of our outlook and our continued strong cash prospects, we raised our quarterly dividend another $0.02 today to $0.57 per share, which is our second increase in the past 9 months. That concludes our prepared remarks. Now, operator, would you please give instructions and open the phone lines for questions.
Charles Bunch: I would say that still -- those reformulation or additional sourcing options, it would still be less or in low single-digit percentages in terms of our overall raw material usage.
Charles Bunch: I would say our Coatings margin should be comparable to the margins that you're seeing. I think you're going to have some improvement in our seasonally stronger businesses in the second quarter. But I would say that the margins would be comparable.
Charles Bunch: Well, what I would say is that it is probably company specific. From a channel standpoint, we are -- obviously the products and formulations are similar with each channel. So I think the pressure, the raw material pressure exists across the board. We were able to implement price increases in the first quarter in all channels. Obviously, we are experiencing here in the second quarter additional raw material inflation on a year-over-year basis and sequential basis. So we're weighing our options and looking at the marketplace, talking with our customers. And so I would say we're evaluating additional actions as we move into the second quarter and through the rest of the paint season.
Charles Bunch: There was no real impact in the first quarter from the tragic events in Japan because it was just at the end of the first quarter. I would say there is going to be a small impact in the second quarter, minimal in terms of the overall PPG sales. I would say now, we're looking at something on the order of a 1% impact on overall PPG sales in the second quarter from what I would call lower build in the second quarter versus the initial forecast, probably concentrated more in the Japanese OEMs but affecting others more broadly. We do not participate directly in any automotive sales in Japan, but we do supply those customers outside of Japan, especially here in North America and in Europe. But our overall forecast, if we say we're going to -- it'll impact the total company to the order of maybe 1% of sales in the second quarter, we would anticipate making up those sales from an industry standpoint by the end of the year. So if you look at the full year impact, we don't see it as sustaining, and actually, we think there'll be some catch-up in the third and fourth quarters but an impact that's going to be concentrated in the second quarter.
Charles Bunch: No, I'd say we're doing this broadly. We use -- TiO2 probably has the highest concentration as you know, Frank, in the architectural businesses. But we do use TiO2 in our other Coatings businesses. So this is an across-the-board initiative on the part of PPG to expand our sourcing supplies. So every business has targets, has goals, has qualifying additional suppliers. But we are not trying to, in any way, take quality out of our formulations or products. So we're looking right now to just expand sources of supply to give us more opportunities and to look more globally at these suppliers, at these products. And we're obviously having some success in expanding our supply base.
Charles Bunch: Well, first, on a regional basis, I would say that we experienced volume gains in all regions led by Asia Pacific, followed by Latin America and North America. And in Europe, we had volume gains, but they weren't to the extent that we saw, certainly in Asia and not as much here but there were certainly volume gains. And again, focused on those industrial -- on the industrial and automotive markets, so principally we had volume gains in Architectural in Europe but very modest.
Charles Bunch: Yes, we think that this is continuing. With the point that Bob Koort brought up in the last question about we will see in the second quarter the impact on the supply chain in Automotive OEM, especially with the Japanese manufacturers. But aside from that, we still see growth continuing in our markets and broad in terms of the end-use markets and the regions.
Charles Bunch: Well, we continue to work on our processing initiatives. As you know, we have built a very large business in every end-use market in coatings in China. We have now close to $1 billion in sales there. So we have extensive experience now with local or domestic production. And we've learned, in many cases, how to work more successfully with these products. So I wouldn't say it represents any sacrifice in terms of the quality of products or processes that we're using.
Charles Bunch: At this point I would say it is less expensive. Modestly so, but it is less expensive and represents a good opportunity for us in both supply security and economic value.
Charles Bunch: Well, we have 2 points. 1, in the first quarter is a seasonally low quarter for any, let's call it Northern Hemisphere Architectural business. So those margins in Europe in architectural will move up in the second and third quarters, and they have done a good job so far on very limited volume improvement in offsetting the inflationary increases. And also, you have to remember that we still have purchase price accounting at work in our EBIT reported segment earnings for architectural EMEA. So if you look at it on an EBITDA basis, our full year returns on an EBITDA basis are into the low teens. And so we think that the ability to sustain those margins to have excellent cash flow in this level of construction market activity in Europe has been successful. And we think there'll be more gains in the future, both as the market improves and as we continue to work on supply chain and cost improvements.
Charles Bunch: First, I'll take the pricing discussion for chlor-alkali. Of the supply demand for caustic soda and for chlor-alkali more broadly has tightened up with the -- in light of the events in Japan. They were a large exporter of air production to other areas of Asia Pacific. So we have now -- we haven't seen and we didn't see an impact in the first quarter. Second quarter demand will remain high. Pricing has solidified. We have, on the chlorine side, we have a $60 increase that is currently being implemented here at the beginning of the second quarter. We have, on the caustic side, a $40-a-ton increase that has already been implemented at the end of the first quarter. And an additional $60-a-ton increase that is being, has been announced and is in the process of being implemented here in the second quarter. So the pricing environment has strengthened in chlor-alkali, and we see that continuing now for certainly through the next couple of quarters. On the force majeure declaration at our Natrium plant a couple of days ago, that was at the end of a scheduled outage. And as we started up the plant, we ran into a couple of equipment issues. We are making good progress now in bringing that equipment back, and now we're talking, let's say on the order of days for this force majeure and the outage rather than any additional outage, let's say rather than weeks or something more serious. So there was no catastrophic event, but we just did have some equipment issues as we started back up from that outage, but we're confident that this thing is -- it's positive here and we should have some good news in the coming days.
Charles Bunch: Equa-Chlor, we expect to close on that deal on the 2nd of May. So it is in process. And for us, this was an attractive bolt-on acquisition. It actually fit strategically with the rest of our footprint here in North America. We thought that there was excellent synergies for PPG, both in terms of our operations. And we have not been a major player for a number of years on the West Coast. And actually, the acquisition has been welcomed I think by the market and some of our customers as increasing our flexibility and our ability to support them. So for us, it's a small bolt-on. I think the timing is good with the improvements we're seeing in the Chlor-Alkali business here in North America. It has a solid customer base, and we think this is a logical and very nice acquisition opportunity and clearly a bolt-on for us in this business.
Charles Bunch: I think what you'll see John is, we think that it will improve our growth trajectory in the business. We have some exciting new product developments on the Transition side, which is the biggest single business in that Optical and Specialty Materials segment. And I would look to see those margins sustain themselves but bring us a little stronger top line growth and comparable bottom line margins.
Charles Bunch: Well, I would say that the -- I wouldn't say our contract practices or policies have changed. We do try to contract to the extent that we can with most of our major suppliers. So we have contracts in place now with TiO2 and with other major raw materials. And we try to the extent possible, to protect our interest going forward with these contracts in the event that there are supply disruptions or issues.
Charles Bunch: Well, I think the entire industry, the entire coatings industry is faced with the increasing cost pressures that we've talked about in TiO2 and other commodities. TiO2 does provide -- as you know, the principal benefit of TiO2 is its hiding powers in paint formulation. So all of the industry, not only the coatings companies, but I think all of the broader non-TiO2 chemical suppliers are looking and working on initiatives -- research initiatives to develop either new formulations or new products that can go into our paint formulations that will minimize the amount of TiO2. And some of those projects, and for those of us who have been around for many years, we can remember when we had a lot of these substitute type of products that were actively in development. Some of those continued through the years, but maybe without the same emphasis. And I think you've seen from everyone in the industry now a focus on research and development to help offset what has been, obviously, 1 of the most inflationary raw materials in our basket.
Charles Bunch: Why, yes, I remember the days of the ropaque polymers from Rohm and Haas. And I think they had some general acceptance in the industry and were used. And I don't know that those uses were growing over time, but certainly, now, with the Rohm and Haas assets being in Dow's portfolio, we've seen a number of initiatives and announcements from Dow that they're putting more emphasis and more research behind those products. So they haven't gone away. And I think in many cases now, the non-TiO2 producers are working hard to come up with products that they feel will help the coatings companies with this raw materials supply and pricing issue.
Charles Bunch: Our focus is, although not exclusively so, it's going to be primarily in the coatings space. And geographically, we have talked in the past that we wanted to improve our position in the emerging regions or the developing regions. Those have, in some cases, proved to be somewhat challenging. The 1 acquisition that we made in the fourth quarter of last year, which was Bairun in China, was 1 that we were able to complete there. But I would say geographically, we've broadened the search now. We've also included Latin America. We're also looking at Europe where maybe the growth prospects aren't as strong, but where we have already a very well-established position and that would give us an opportunity for more cost synergies to get us through what has been a lower growth environment here for the past couple of years, but strengthen our position where we are already well situated.
Charles Bunch: I would say that it's a concern for, I think, not only our company but every company. I mean we went through, as we all know, in 2008 -- in the first half of 2008, we had very solid global growth, a lot of inflation especially on the oil and petrochemical side. And it ended badly with a financial crisis, Lehman and the like in the second half of the year. So I think inflation is a concern for any business, but in terms of where we see economic growth or the macroeconomic conditions, we think it's still solid. Now we're going to have probably more inflation, and I think as you see companies that are in the middle of the supply chain like we are in many of our products as we push through the inflation that we're receiving on a lot of these raw materials or metals and we push them through to our customers, it will lead to more inflation at the consumer level where you really haven't seen it as much here in this country. But we have a weak dollar and you have strong growth outside, so I think the risk here is that inflation heightens, especially in the U.S. And that crimps the buying power of the consumers and threatens some of the nice recovery we've had in end-use markets like automotive.
Charles Bunch: Well, it's going to be a significant assist to us on this, and we have appreciated in the past the offset that we get sometimes in these really inflationary periods. So we're going to see, we think, in the improvement year-over-year in chlor-alkali. We're going to offset quite a lot of that coatings raw material increase. On an overall corporate basis, we don't tend to look at it like that but from an external standpoint, we're certainly there. We try to evaluate these businesses on their own.
Charles Bunch: The volume improvements in Architectural Coatings were modest. We're talking low single-digits. We had more improvement in terms of top line sales from pricing initiatives. And we're obviously facing lots of raw material initiatives there. So we had some modest volume improvements. And I would say that it was, from a channel perspective, I would say it was about even. We have a slightly different quarter here, Easter is later this year, the weather has been a little slower. So there are a few little offsets, so I think the real trends will probably be more evident after the end of the second quarter. But we certainly think we've come up slightly off the bottom. And most of the things that I've seen out there in terms of some of the commentary around commercial construction or even residential is that maybe were going to have modest improvement and that was the case in Europe as well. So a little bit of volume, mostly more price and I would say I'm not -- I haven't seen other announcements and I think it's too early to say there'll be any significant share change for PPG right now.
Charles Bunch: Well, I would say that we haven't been able to completely offset raw material increases with pricing. But we have continued to get favorable volume, which is helping us. And cost initiatives, we're always working on these. We haven't had any announced restructurings since 2009. But we continue to try to look for ways to run our businesses more efficiently. But I wouldn't say that we have significant new cost initiatives outside of what we're trying to do on a regular basis.
Charles Bunch: Thank you very much for your attention, and all the good questions that we had. And we look forward to talking to you again at the end of our second quarter. So thank you very much.
