John Bruno: Thank you, Denise, and good afternoon, everyone. Once again, this is John Bruno, Director of Investor Relations. We appreciate your continued interest in PPG and welcome you to our third quarter 2018 financial results conference call. Joining me on the call from PPG are, Michael McGarry, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Vince Morales, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our comments relate to the financial information released on Thursday, October 18, 2018. I will remind everyone that we have posted detailed commentary and accompanying presentation slides on the Investors center of our website, ppg.com. The slides are also available on the webcast site for this call and provide additional support to the opening comments Michael will make shortly. Following Michael's perspective on the company's results for the quarter, we will move to a Q&A session. Both the prepared commentary and discussion during this call may contain forward-looking statements, reflecting the company's current view of future events and their potential effect on PPG's operating and financial performance. These statements involve uncertainties and risk, which may cause actual results to differ. The company is under no obligation to provide subsequent updates to these forward-looking statements. This presentation also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The company has provided in the appendix of the presentation materials, which are available on our website, reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. For additional information, please refer to PPG's filings with the SEC. Before introducing Michael, I would like to remind everyone that on October 8, PPG issued an update on third quarter financial results and guidance on fourth quarter earnings. Today we are confirming the fourth quarter guidance we provided on October 8. Now, let me introduce PPG Chairman and CEO, Michael McGarry.
John Bruno: Hey, Chris this is John. I’ll take a stab at your question about restructuring stranded costs. I would look at it this way, we’re looking to be margin neutral on that business that for our business next year in 2019. So working to take our cost and grow in other areas of that business. So we’re looking to be margin neutral in 2019.
John Bruno: Thank you, Denise. I'd like to thank everybody for their time and interest in PPG. If you have any further questions please contact our Investor Relations department. This now concludes our third quarter earnings call. 
Michael McGarry: Now that -- if you look at the heat map, Ghansham, that's really reflects our sales out to our distributors. It does not reflect their sales out to their body shops. So in reality, if you look at the sellout versus sell in, we’re still doing quite well. That’s why I referenced the fact that we’ve gained 3,000 net body shops. So the difference was, if you remember 2017 in the first half of 2018, we had very strong refinish sales. And many of our refinish distributors anticipate that continued market growth. And as you’ve seen, we’ve had very few natural disasters and we didn’t get the tornadoes and the Hales and all that kind of stuff this year. We also didn’t see the accident rate miles driven, it’s only up 0.3%, so that’s moderated as well. So I think overall, what you’re looking at the heat map is the sell in and sell out is still quite good.
Michael McGarry: No, Ghansham, I’d say it was in line with expectations. We had sales price increases in all of our businesses and improvement in all our businesses, which even includes automotive although, I’m sure someone is going to ask later about automotive. So I would say that still more increases are on the way.
Michael McGarry: Well, let’s focus on your fourth quarter comment first. I think we said, low to mid-single-digits. So, kind of parse where that number might be. As far as 2019 as you know, it’s very early to start to call 2019. We still don’t know what China’s going to do as far as environmental enforcement like they did last year. We think they’re going to be a little bit more nuanced in how they handle that.  Last year, they pretty much mirrored by the same marching orders, I think this year they’re probably going to -- for those high performers they’re going to give them more lead life, for the low performers they’ll probably be more aggressive in enforcing the environment regulation. So I think that’s still to be determined, so I would definitely say though 2019 is going to have less inflation than 2018, but I think it’s too early to give you a number.
Michael McGarry: I would say the gap is closing. It really depends upon the rate of inflation in the first quarter. But the real thing that we’re telling our customers is don’t forget that we probably got off the starting blocks three or four months later than normal because of some unusual factors in the industry. And so we’re going to have to continue to push increases all through 2019.
Michael McGarry: Well, the hard part if I answer that question is winter. How much snow are we going to get, what types of weather events. I would say we’re optimistic that the fourth quarter will begin the end of that. But it’s -- I would say it’s -- I am more confident on that than anything, but I would still put a little bit about pencil mark that there is some unknowns out there.
Michael McGarry: Well, definitely the scale is larger, but what we have remember that we’re further behind price increases in automotive than any other business and we know it and our customers know it. And that’s the most important thing. So we definitely are looking to get more traction on that and the same comment goes for China as well, the hardest place to get prices as we know is automotive in the next hardest is the region. So, this is an area that we’re highly focused on and the good news is we saw some early signs of traction in the third quarter and we expect to get more traction in the fourth quarter.
Michael McGarry: Well, the pronounced one was automotive, so China retail sales were down 5% in July, and were down 6% in August, they were down nearly 12% in September. And the early indication so far or the read in October is slightly better, but not anything to write home about. So -- and that impacts not just our automotive business, but also a little bit of our industrial business because as you know they're painting parts and they're painting bumpers and things like that. So that is by far the one that would impact. And when you look at the rest of our China business, protective was good, marine bouncing off a very low bottom, but that was better, refinish had a good one, packaging did pretty well. And so I would tell you overall it's really can find right now to automotive.  But thing that I worry about and I try to signal this on going into third quarter before was the consumer confidence in China, with the tariffs consumer confidence has dropped. And when consumer confidence drops, then you start to see these big ticket items slow down. And so I won't be surprised if China tries to add some additional I wouldn't call it stimulus, but additional emphasis on how they can support the automotive industry because it is a very, very important industry to them. So we'll wait and see what happens, they haven't done anything yet, but it is a key industry for them.
Michael McGarry: Well, I would tell you our DIY is lower than obviously our stores that do it for me is continuing to outpace DIY. When we look at our customers' inventory in the DIY space, I would say they're not out of line. And the good news is they're enthusiastic about the products that we have. And so we should expect to see that continue to grow in that 2% to 3% to 4% range, but certainly below the store growth.
Michael McGarry: Yes, so Michael, this is Michael. I would tell you, we're going to get all that back. This is an area that is a high focus for the company. We won't get it all back immediately, we have to be successful in our price increase as we have to be successful in managing our costs, eliminating complexity and things like that. But at the end of the day, our team is very confident that overtime we will get back to those peak levels.
Michael McGarry: So Frank, I think we have been clear, it’s north of 20% this is availability of trucks as well as the fuel and everything else that goes along with this. So, we do use tools to combine loads from one place to another. And so we’re actively trying to manage that, at the end of the day this is not just a U.S. issue which a lot of people think, this is a global issue, the amount of truck drivers around the world is decreasing and we see the same trend whether it’s in China or Europe or the U.S. So, I don’t think this is going to go away and we continue to work on I mean if you think about a lot of our businesses we ship full truck loads. So it’s not like it’s LTL kind of stuff now for our smaller customers it is, but for our big ones, it’s not. So…
Michael McGarry: Well, Frank, as you can imagine, we engage with all our investors throughout the year and we always value their feedback, we find them to be helpful and -- but we also have to be respectful of those individual exchanges, right. And so right now we’re not going to share any details about any of our investors and I hope you can understand that.
Michael McGarry: Yes, Chris, I would also add that oil is the one thing that has on our watch out list, so I don’t think we’re going to be talking about TiO2 down the road, but we’ll be talking about solvents and various things that are impacted by oil. 
Michael McGarry: Yes, I think we have a continuous improvement culture at PPG, we have very active lean Six Sigma initiatives. We measure ourselves on a performance basis versus prior. And so, we'd say, we want to get better every day versus the day before. And so, our teams are expected as part of the planning process to bring forward ideas on how they can improve sort of whether that's the velocity through the plant, whether that's reducing the complexity of the SKUs or the raw materials, or the formulas, those are all opportunities. Certainly, we're looking at our distribution logistics on how we can improve that. So I would tell you that, we still have a list of ideas that we're working through.
Michael McGarry: I mean, I think, john, if you look at third quarter last year oil averaged about 48, this quarter averaged about 70, xylene was up 30%, propylene dependent upon in which region you are in was up anywhere from 23% to 45%. So, I think there's enough of that detail out there that might help you understand, what's the costs over quarter-over-quarter or year-over-year impact was.
Michael McGarry: No, it’s certainly not pre-buying. It’s -- some of it’s mix. So if you think about the platforms that we are targeting, we’re obviously -- there’s a big shift to the SUVs and things like that. So we’ve seen this trend coming for some period of time. So we try to be targeted on the right platforms. So that’s part of it plus we’ve done pretty well in our parts businesses. So what we’re painting there. So I think those are the two pieces.
Michael McGarry: Yes, P.J. as we know the best recipe for that is a willing seller. We have -- we’re a willing buyer, we’ve tried, but we haven’t always been successful. And we’ll continue to look at those opportunities where it makes sense. But we do see this trend continuing to do it for me is a trend that is not a short-term trend.
Michael McGarry: Well most of our customers and when they buy they put it on, except for refinish, if you think about a can coating line, I mean, they're buying and they're applying it. And if you think about an automotive guy, I mean, we deliver ours before they need it. Aerospace okay, maybe they do have a little bit of inventory, but by and large not a material kind of thing. So most of our customers are more just in time than you think. Refinish is the one major difference. So I think our customers are not going pre-buy if you will in this space. 
Michael McGarry: Well, I think you have to look it on a regional basis. If you look in the U.S., those trends are going to continue. In Europe, they haven't ever really recovered from the 2008-2009 timeframe. I am encouraged a little bit that Europe is starting to see some construction moving in there. As you know, we usually are painting several quarters after the construction period. So a little bit more maybe some partial green shoots over there. Mexico is doing exceptionally well. And I don't think we have a lot of concern any other place besides Europe and Canada is a little slower than the U.S. obviously, but other than that I'd say we're pretty happy.
Michael McGarry: So, Don, I don't want to get into this split. I will say that volume was better than price. But I would tell you we announced in October 1, price increase in our stores. And we'll have to push that through the channel. And then we'll make an independent decision at some future point in time on whether or not we need any further increases in that channel. 
Michael McGarry: Yes, so the best thing to look at in that space is Clarksons. Clarksons had said that it’s going to be flat in 2018 versus 2017. And then they have projected a 20% increase in new builds in 2019, now it caution people that we paint to 12 to 24 months dependent upon the size of the ship after the starting. But that’s a good sign. The other ones, if you look at the capital projects for a number of our oil guides, their capital budgets have been increased. So that’s a positive you see Columbia their oil and gas business is getting better, U.S. onshore is getting better. So maintenance and repair for marine had held steady and in fact I would say it was probably up plus 10% the last quarter.  So I would say, as we’ve said in the prior two calls, that marine is bouncing off the bottom, we’re going to see continued improvement in that and protective we should see more investment in that space. So this should be an area of growth going forward.
Michael McGarry: Well, Jeff, part of that what you’re seeing there is some of the restriction actions we talked about, we talked about $20 million of savings in Q3 alone. The combination of two programs. There is always noise in there around currency. So if you’re looking at it on an absolute basis currency is going to move it around quarter-to-quarter and our target right now and where we’re running right now, we still have more work to do with our restructuring. So I would hope this would be a high water mark given the same level of sales.
Michael McGarry: Okay, well first of all Jeff, what you’re referring to, the quoted price and mix? So I didn’t hear anybody ask them the question of would they separate out price from mix. I think that’s the first thing you probably ought to get an answer to.  The second thing is, if you compare our overall margins there as you would see that we still have a substantial higher level of margins than there. So, I would say it’s easier to jump over lower hurdle than a higher hurdle. And so that would be something else that you might want to look at. And then the other one would of course be mix. So I think those are all think about automotive business that we have and automotive business they don't have. So I think there is some questions in here that probably need a little bit more deeper understanding and analysis on.
Michael McGarry: And I neglected to answer a question from earlier about the year-over-year aerospace in Q4. We do expect more modest growth rates in Q4 in aerospace that's really on the backs of a very strong Q4 last year. So even though the growth will be more modest it stacked upon very good growth last year.
Michael McGarry: Yes, Arun, we just -- we see this as transitory, the underlying strength of our refinish business is very good. And we continue to have net market share gain. So, I have no concerns about this business long-term.
Michael McGarry: No, I mean, I think if you look at our businesses, there are a lot of things that crossover so corrosion is one, color is one, care is one. Those kind of synergies are hypercritical to being successful and it facilitates new product growth. When you look at our acquisitions, that because we're in all the verticals, we can look at acquisitions in virtually every space. So I think there's a lot of synergistic benefits from that regard. And because we do run on a business unit basis we have general managers that are hyper focused, laser focused on running their own individual businesses from the customer facing activities. And then we have a different group that manages of non-customer facing activities. So think about the IITs and finance and those kinds of things. So, we had the back office. So no, I think we are pleased with where we are and we're very optimistic going forward.
Michael McGarry: Yes. So I'm very optimistic about to China car market. If you look at the number of car park in China still very, very low compared to most developed countries. It's still an asset that is very important to up incoming middle class person in China own a car is status symbol that hasn't changed. Again it's a very important industry to the Chinese government. It's a huge employer of people as you know, employment is really important in China. So we're optimistic that this temporary slowdown we seek as a consumer confidence in the tariffs is going to moderate. And then it will get back on a growth track. So next year we're probably looking in that 2% to 3% range for China and it's the world's largest market.
Michael McGarry: And Laurence, I'll take the other question. You're going to get back to peak margins sort of number of factors it's going to be innovation, it's going to be pricing, it's going to be efficiency, and it's going to be share gains because. Because we bring products that customers value more than their competitive alternatives. So I think it's a little bit of everything, but mostly focus on getting pricing through innovation.
Michael McGarry: Yes, so store growth is regionally dependent, so in the U.S. we’re probably targeting in that 10 to 15 range, Canada would be in that 5 to 7 range, and Mexico it would be 40 plus. So, that’s -- and in Europe it would try be in the 10 to 15 range, typically what we look at. So again very regionally dependent. 
Michael McGarry: Yes, so the technology is around repair of damage parts. And so it’s part of the paint, it’s what you do before you paint and so it’s highly synergistic with the paint. It’s an asset that we have thought after for a long time, we have been talking the owners, I can’t tell you how long has superior financial returns.  Just to put in perspective, the margins here are better than the Comex margins, we’ll give more details on this after it closes, but I would tell you it’s a wonderful asset, it will help continue to grow our business and because of the way our business goes through distribution and the way theirs goes we’re going to have some additional sales synergies on top of their current base. But I would say some of the numbers that people have out there on it are probably lower than what the reality is.
Michael McGarry: Yes, you have everything, you have a proxy, you have TiO2, you have solvents, you have reactants, you have resins, MDI, TDI motions. Those are all impacting us. 
Michael McGarry: Well, very little guys through distribution a little bit in powder can go through distribution. Some protective coatings can go through distribution. But other than that not that much. If you think about, most of the people we're selling to were OEMs.
Michael McGarry: Well, as you know our specialty coatings materials are a collection of four smaller businesses and they're doing quite well. And they're pretty much off the radar screen for a lot of our investors. So we don't spend a lot of time talking about it, but I'm sure John will be happy to take your call on anything particular in that area.
Vincent Morales: Hey, John, this is Vince. Again we typically wouldn’t give details around that. I think we’ve said continuously throughout the year and as we’re saying today with our acquisitions of SEM it is a very active pipeline, some of these transactions that we talk to the potential sellers for years if not decades. So it’s active smaller mid-size deals.
Vincent Morales: Hey, Mike, this is Vince. Just we said this before, we're still targeting an aggregate to get close to margin parity in total for the company. We’re working very aggressively on discretionary costs. We've accelerated some restructuring actions that we had originally planned for 2019 and 2018. So that's what we're still working toward. We do expect to see improvement in both segments from a year-over-year basis compared to the third quarter. But we're not going to year mark what each of those are. I will remind you Mike, we did have a spike last year in raw materials, precipitated by the Chinese environmental enforcement. That spike was really pronounced in our Industrial Coatings segment. So we should see -- we were up 400 basis points in margins in Q3 in industrial coatings. We should see that gap close considerably in Q4 relative to what happened last year.
Vincent Morales: And if I could just add Mike, these are tremendously value add products for our customers. They bring a lot of value to the appearance of their products, were very important instrumental in their manufacturing process and those value attributes something they value and we’ll get paid for. 
Vincent Morales: This is part of our normal pricing discussions Frank with our customers. We talk about commodity inflation and we also talk about logistics inflation.
Vincent Morales: This is Vince, I’ll start and Michael will chime in here. But if you think two or three quarters out again we’re getting momentum in pricing, I think that’s important so we’re getting it as Michael and John Bruno mentioned, across most of our regions and all of our businesses. So two quarters out we expect that to be further down the path in terms of pricing. We do think in 2019 we’ll see commodities trade on supply demand and only supply demand and that’s important for us. On the other side we still are uncertain about how the macro will look especially around the tariffs. So those would be the kind of the moving parts.
Vincent Morales: Yes, John, this is Vincent. Very minimal of the latter, much more of the former, we did say oil move up, which pushed solvent higher than it has been in quite some time. We haven’t anniversaried some of the other increases we mentioned epoxy resins many times on the call in the last several quarters, will anniversary, the spike and epoxy resins in Q4. We still saw inflation and other cost buckets and then that was coupled with the logistics costs inflation that's been moving up all year. So we'll anniversary some of this in succeeding quarters, which will make the year-over-year comps easier. But it's still was our highest of the inflationary cycle.
Vincent Morales: I think, [inaudible] one more than, John. And I know a lot of folks look at things sequentially and we do agree sequentially things are flattening. But again on a year-over-year basis, which is our comparative picture here, we still had very stern inflation. 
Vincent Morales: Well again, I think as we said earlier on the call P.J. we do have several other acquisition potential targets that we hope come to us if the price is right, and hopefully we can get those done in the near-term and that would the governor of the share repo. Because of our ability to extract synergies from those acquisitions. Absent that then fly will would certainly be share repurchase. 
Vincent Morales: Yes. Again, we've made a cash commitment out there. We're working up our leverage as you know, our balance sheet leverage. And we think our equity is not a bad purchase.
Vincent Morales: And Vincent I'll just come back to the U.S. If you look at trends again repair and remodel continue to be strong, commercial construction mix by U.S. region but generally solid new home as everybody in those is still growing, but at a very modest cliff. That would be the one that's probably more sensitive to what you're talking about.
Vincent Morales: Yes, Kevin I think you're right, we started to get in earnest to some pricing in Q4 of last year. So we do have a harder pricing comp we do. We are targeting more pricing across our whole portfolio. So our expectation is again, we're looking at this as a price raws gap and our expectation is to close the gap. And we do expect that to occur in Q4.  We think the comps again on raw materials are easier. And even though the pricing comps easier, we expect further pricing. We're not going to give out a specific number, but that gap will close possibly flip in here in the near future. 
Vincent Morales: Well first of all if you look at the Boeing and Airbus builds, they are up year-over-year. Airbus builds were up 20% in the third quarter. Boeings were up 5%. So you have a strong base from that. Also we've been very successful in growing new transparency programs, so that's doing pretty well. And then you have the early signs of a military improvement, so that's also doing well. And then finally I would say because of our expertise in the aerospace business, many of our customers have assets to grow in managing their own raw materials we call it chemical management. And so they've asked us to help them there which has been share gain. So a number of these things you had the underlying strong industry trends, share gains as well as new product offerings.
Vincent Morales: Yes, I think Michael, covered this earlier Arun. I'll try to give it a shot here just to give you a different voice. But we had a very strong 2016 and 2017 in the industry in terms of volume growth. We expected and our customers expected that to continue into 2018. First half of the year wasn’t as strong, but people bought and I hope that strong growth would materialize it hasn't. So our customers are settled with the higher inventory levels. One of them preannounced earnings alone so maybe a month ago. And so again we're seeing throughout the industry a lower growth rate than expected. This is two step distribution. So inventory buildup in the channel. And we expect that to deplete in a reasonable amount of time.
Vincent Morales: I'll take the first one. And again, I think it's clear in Q3, the macro environment moved against us, and that’s reason for the pre-announcement. But with respect to Q4, I think your definition and ours is the same in terms of comparable. We certainly expect to be at or around the prior quarter, fourth quarter margin for the company in aggregate.
Vincent Morales: Yes, Jim that’s correct, the gap there in seasonality and in our next quarter call, the fourth quarter call we’ll give more guidance of what to expect in the first half of the year, we’ll take two more quarters to anniversary the loss. 
Vincent Morales: And most of our customers are hand of mouth Dmitry. And As Michael said earlier, hours or days is a large inventory level. 
Vincent Morales: Yes, if you look at the share repurchase again we haven't sized that and it's going to be governed by our acquisition capability. But even when you do share repurchases, I'm sure you're aware Dmitry from a calculation perspective you get a partial credit on your share count in the quarter you do it's modest partial credit. 
