Michael McGarry: Yes. I do expect margins to continue to improve. As you can see our margins in our performance coatings segment are essentially back to peak, and we think there is still more upside there. So we're going to continue to work hard on that. We also have made as you saw a significant more than 200 basis point improvement in the industrial segment and we still have more runway to go there. As we said, we had positive price coming in the fourth quarter, and I would expect that we would continue to push price as we move forward as we still have an environment where we have inflation and think about salaries, warehouses, freight and distribution, things like that. So.
Michael McGarry: Yes, Ghansham, this is Michael. That's going to be a strong positive for us. When you think about the past quarter, earnings in that industrial segment were up despite volumes being down. And we anticipate to continue to drive costs out, and so you should expect to see a nice operating leverage should volumes come back, and right now we're certainly planning on our outlook for 2020 would include some modest recovery.
Michael McGarry: So, Christopher you covered automotive pretty well. So, I'll pass on that one. We have and in the industrial business as part of the industrial segment that one I would point to like high edge powder as one of them. And if you think about moving into packaging itself, the sustainability of the can is number one. So you could see the shift away from plastic that's going to be a long-term secular win. For us, housing is continuing to - we got low interest rates around the world. So I think housing is continuing to be a nice little market for us. Aerospace is clearly going to be a continued winner for us, we're going to continue to outgrow the industry there with the launches that we have had, whether it's new transparencies or new coatings. And then talk about them, we talked about in our press release MOONWALK for refinish. This is a new technology that allows people in Europe to be able to mix refinish paints more precisely, allows the technician to spend more time painting the car as opposed to mixing paint, drives higher productivity in the paint shop. So I think net-net, we're in a pretty good shape long-term wise.
Michael McGarry: And Chris, I would - the one thing I would add is that with couple of the acquisitions we made, they're below company average, they're fairly decent sized ones. I'm excited because I get a monthly report on the integration as well as the performance, and we are seeing month over month improvement. In fact, when I looked at the Hemmelrath numbers for the month of September, it was the best month they've had ever, and obviously they're benefiting from some of our abilities to integrate them but I see even more positives coming, they have relationships with the customers that are slightly different customers than we have from a standpoint of mix, and so we're able to take the best of both worlds. They are great relationships and our great technology and put the two together. And we've already won substantial number of new program wins since we bought Hemmelrath.
Michael McGarry: Yes. So Michael, what I would tell you it's our strategy hasn't changed. We're going to add stores where it makes sense in those markets that are growing. So I think the southeast and the southwest. We're not going to be adding stores in the Northeast or in the West or the upper Midwest those our focus areas for us for stores, what they are focus areas for us for this premier authorized dealer network, because we think there is plenty enough to in our stores and our dealers to adequately service our customers. So we're going to continue to do that and I compare and contrast that to Mexico where we've added nearly 100 stores year-to-date and we're going to finish the year at nearly 200 new stores. Same thing where we've added stores in the UK, we've added stores in Australia. So we're going to take, what we call the micro-market strategy. We're going to look at each of the different markets and make the best decision for our shareholders in that regard.
Michael McGarry: Frank, this is Michael. I think this is still a great business. So I don't want anybody to walk away, think anything differently. Certainly claims were down 1.2%, a little bit more in that in Europe, but we had a couple of large customers CEO changes who came in and take even a more aggressive approach on inventory, and we've continued to have net body shop wins in all regions of the world. So that is a positive. When you look at our integration of SEM that is primarily a U.S.-based business. We've launched those products in Canada. The first set of products went to Australia in September. So we'll start to see some sales there. We're doing better in sundries. But I think overall the one message I want to leave you is our earnings in refinish will be up year-over-year, at the end of the year. So we're able to price effectively in this business. And this remains a great business for us.
Michael McGarry: Yes. The other one I would tell you is the automotive team. We've been challenging the automotive team to get ahead of this volume decline and they really have worked exceptionally hard to do that in the second and third quarter. And I think what we saw in the back half of the third quarter was that accelerating. So I think that would be the other one I would point to.
Michael McGarry: Well, of course, we think about our cost is more than raws David. So in the third quarter, they were moderating. We had a couple up, we had some down, but net-net, they were moderating. As I tried to point out in my opening comments, we still have freight and distribution. If you take about dangerous good warehouse costs, especially in Asia, they have significantly increased, and so that's, that's why we continue to invest in our business, we continue to invest in our people. So that's obviously a cost on the rising side, but net-net I would say raw materials were moderating.
Michael McGarry: Well, we're not going to talk about any individual customers. What I would tell you is that we have a very diverse customer mix in automotive, and so no one particular customer is going to have a significant impact on our overall business. And our team, when it was announced immediately took aggressive cost action to ensure that the impact was minor. So I think overall, like I said to Frank's question the automotive team did a good job.
Michael McGarry: Well, Eric, we've always said is that the EV vehicles can be anywhere from 2 to 3 times more coatings on them than a standard vehicle. Right now, I don't have the latest number in my figure, but I think it's 0.7% of our cars are electric vehicles. So it's still a very small number. And what's interesting is that everybody does that differently. So the one guy might do their batteries might need protective coatings and other guy might just need Industrial Coatings another guy might use all three, some are using powder, some are using liquids, some use third parties, some do it in-house. Right now, unlike when you look at a traditional car, you can use kind of broad guidelines. Right now this is still in its infancy and there is still a lot of unknowns about how this is going to shake out. But clearly what we see in every case is more paint on an EV vehicle then on a traditional vehicle.
Michael McGarry: Certainly the plastic to can will be a tailwind. It's too early in that process to know what that curve will look like, but it is certainly a long-term positive. Our BPA-NI as we significantly outpaced the market in '16, '17 and '18, we've been slightly less than the market in '19. We expect to be back on that track of at or above market in 2020. We have some new technology that's coming out right now. Probably, I would say food has been probably, let's call it 70% converted, beverage is less than 50%, and it varies considerably by region with Europe much farther ahead and Asia much further behind, but there is still more work to be done there.
Michael McGarry: Well, John, first of all we are always flatter in people associate ourselves in the rumor market, but as you can imagine, we're not in a position to comment about another public company. We are going to continue to drive the consolidation in the coating space. And as we mentioned earlier, our pipeline remains active, but as far as any particular company, it would be inappropriate for us to comment.
Michael McGarry: John, the only other thing I would add is that from a very, very small minor green shoot area, we did see build start to pick up in the last two weeks of September in China. So we'll wait and see whether this is a trend line, some of the local Chinese guys who are behind the curve on meeting the emission standards. So maybe there are just catching up, but we'll continue to keep an eye on it.
Michael McGarry: Well, first of all, John - sorry, Don. We have not had any push back yet from customers. I mean, you get to normal push back but, at the end of the day they know full well that we've had more inflation then what we've recovered they can read the financial statements just as well as you can. So they know we're behind. They also know that we are - if you look at some of our regions, we're below then the curve line if you will on volume and some of that is because we've said we're going to need to continue to get price, and we're going to take price and if they want to move volume away, that's perfectly acceptable to us. And so right now, we know we're going to get price in the fourth quarter, pretty optimistic we'll still have a positive price number in Q1. And we're going to continue to push because at the end of the day, we should be asking for value commensurate with the value that we create for our shareholder - or our customers and so we're going to continue to ask for it.
Michael McGarry: Well, for the industry, next year, we have budgeted between 2% and 3% growth. We think that's a realistic number. Our architectural team is on the optimistic side, but I think this is a point where we have to show and not kind of like to show me state. Let's see what happens. And I think our goal would be to start with continuing to meet the industry numbers and we'll see how well the team does.
Michael McGarry: Well, Arun, I think it might be a little bit early to call that. When I think about some of the innovations that we have out there, I think if you think about low temperature cure that's still an opportunity for us. For aerospace we have a number of customers who were qualifying e-coat for airlines, so that's still an opportunity for growth. We still have more share to gain back in Europe, because we have been leading the price charge over there on that. So I'm not where you are right now, it's a little early to say that. So I'm - I will say that we should be more on the positive side.
Michael McGarry: Well, Arun. I would tell you that nothing is off the table. We're always going to be looking to do what's in the best interest of our shareholders. We're going to be disciplined though. We're not going to be doing anything that doesn't create value. We still have more opportunities when I think about the EV market, that is still a wonderful opportunity for us. And we're obviously anxious support to play out sooner rather than later we can't control that. There is still a challenge, where the EV cars cost significantly more than a traditional car, and they have to figure out a way to get those costs more in line to selling some more cars.
Michael McGarry: Well, John, first of all, I'm not sure that in your influence came from, we grew third quarter of '18 at high single-digits, and jump in over that comp was going to be a challenge. And given the way we structured the stores and the dealers, we thought it would be a challenge. So overall, I would tell you that we're pleased with the rollout of this premier authorized dealer network. So, Vince I don't know if there's any...
Michael McGarry: No I would suspect that if you take the case of our friends up in Detroit, you know they're going to be short of trucks. So they're going to be trying to catch up that volume. Now on the car side, they're probably not as worried about that. But net-net I think they will be trying to optimize their inventories and it may be different at one plant versus another on how hard they are going to ramp up, but some of that volume will come back, but definitely not all of it.
Michael McGarry: And Jeff, I know you sounded like one of our customers with selectively picking up propylene in North America, but you forgot to mention ethylene in North America is at $0.27 in this time last year is at $0.20. So, and I always tell people we don't buy ethylene. We don't buy propylene; we buy the derivatives of these supply and demand of the derivatives is also important. So where you might have propylene down 15% you have ethylene up 30%. So there are some puts and takes.
Michael McGarry: Well, I think as we've always mentioned, we're active in looking at the pipeline and we're going to take the best use of our shareholders' money and we're going to be disciplined in that approach. So it could be either or, but right now the opportunities are historically have been on the bolt-on.
Michael McGarry: Well, the best thing would be, the removal of the uncertainty without having boarded prices. Right now we're not able to predict that, as you're going to get, we are prepared for either way. What we do see is our architectural business has hung in there pretty good, but then if you look at our little business up in Northern Ireland, that is way more consternation and churn up there, then there might be in, say, Southern Europe - Southern England. So I'd say it varies but at this point in time, it's still a huge watch out for us.
Michael McGarry: Well, it's a new program this year. So we do have some earlier sign ups. That's probably a good number, we should probably look at for Q4 call and try to give you guys some parameters. It's too early to make that call right now.
Michael McGarry: For the first reason why they've rebuilt and if they had confidence that their end-use demand is going to pick up. So think about the heavy duty equipment guys right, they're wondering what the heck is going on in the farming business and whether or not they're going to be selling more combines. Right now there is a lot of churn in that segment. So they're trying to figure that out. If they had more clarity on what's the future look like, the farmers would be more willing to spend their money if they had a better idea about the crops, they'd have a better chance to spending it. So I think that would be one. The other one is consumer confidence in China. Right now, consumer confidence in China is down TMI and China is down. And so, if they thought that the trade churn was behind them, I think people in China would get behind that and start making major purchases. Right now they have deferred on major purchases.
Michael McGarry: Part of it, Stephen, was in China. So we have a pretty good split of the local Chinese OEMs. And these guys were behind on the emission changeovers and so they were suffering from that standpoint. So they underperformed significantly, the China as well as the Asian standard. So that's probably the single biggest thing.
Michael McGarry: Yes. So think about this way without getting into the specifics, we're agnostic to whether he picks up in the store, or picks up at the dealer. The key is that he can pick up at his price at the location that's most conducive for him winning the business.
Michael McGarry: Mike, I think we heard your question about trying to understand the differences in the business model. Your coming through pretty lately. But if I understood your question right, I will just give you one example that we have said in the Midwest. We had 8 or 10 stores in that city. We sold those stores to the dealer in that area. We're selling through that dealer, and we're no longer competing with them, slowed everybody's cost to serve. The paint contractor has the same opportunities they had before. So again, what we're trying to do is optimize our distribution points to the customer. That's really the focus of this strategy. I hope that was your question.
Michael McGarry: Yes, Mike. We're in I would say a little bit more than a year. The first, early on it was a trial stage. We saw some real good positives with that. Now we've accelerated it. There is no real additional cost. There is some - we need to make sure when they pick up in our dealer stores that they are getting the PPG price. So, there is some transfer data that has to happen, but that's electronic, and so I would not regard this is any material cost and as Vince said earlier, typically it's a lower cost to serve channel to support our dealers.
Michael McGarry: Yes. So I would say that the trends were somewhat moderately lower and they really varied by region. So, Europe was a little bit lighter. Asia Pacific, a little bit lighter, U.S. relatively the same, Latin America relatively the same. The segment that outperformed were like Extrusion, electronic materials, those kind of things who are on the upper end of the curve. The clear the ones that were work - weak were general finishes, wood and parts or transportation equipment under - the end of the hood parts that typically show up in our industrial segment.
Michael McGarry: So Dmitry, I'd say there are two factors that we're watching closely. The first one is government spending. So with the transition to the new government run by AMLA as they call him, they are cautious and they have not cranked out the government spending that we typically see. We think that will loosen up, so that should be up year-over-year. And then the other one that we're watching cautiously is major project. So a lot of the folks that have the money who are nervous when AMLA was elected, and so they let their major projects wind down, they haven't restarted new major projects, but what's interesting is that the President has the highest approval ratings ever. And so I think - I think over time people are going to start to loosen up and start to go back to restarting major project. So those are the two factors that we're watching. The good news is our mix continues to improve significantly. And our earnings are going to be an all-time record for Mexico and we're projecting another record year for them next year, the business feels very good about themselves. We're moving into the major paint season. As you know, the holidays, Thanksgiving through Christmas in Mexico, huge family time and this is going to be a period of time when we see our highest volumes in fourth quarter.
Michael McGarry: Yes. We still expect clearly the comps that we've put in place this year in high single digits and even in Q1, Q2 and we had low double digits, it's going to be tough to jump over. But when I look at the new technology we rolled out, the new wins we've had, I'm still optimistic that they're going to have a very, very good year in aerospace.
Michael McGarry: Well, that's mostly on the beverage side, as I had mentioned earlier. Jim, the food guys are much, much further along in these conversions. So on the beverage side, you know, basically we don't get pack test results for quite some period of time. It depends upon the severity of it, whether they're moving all around the world. Send them to hot spots like Saudi and cold places like Norway or how extensive the change is, so we basically have pack tests going on all the time in this business. What I would tell you is that we fared pretty well in these things and as these tests come in typically that's been pleased to new business.
Michael McGarry: Thank you, Carrie. I'd like to thank everybody on the call today for your time and interest in PPG. If you have any further questions, please contact our Investor Relations department. This concludes our third quarter earnings call.
Vince Morales: And then Ghansham on your question with respect to the 2020, again a little, a little early to answer that question. But what we can say confidently is a lot of our customers are carrying very low inventory levels. Typically, they achieve their inventory levels at the end of the year, not by the end of Q3. As they've done this year, so heading into 2020 we do think there could be some inventory upside. It's too early to make a call on the economy and the other geopolitical issues, but a couple of our key industries we know auto we feel a little bit better about auto next year specifically in Asia, the biggest market and a couple of other markets in general industrial are down this year, we're hopeful they'll have at least a modest rebound next year, not counting the inventory rebuild.
Vince Morales: Yes, Chris, I'll start and Michael could certainly add to what I say. But we're still sitting on a significant amount of inflation that's multi-year inflation. We have seen very little of that unwind to this point. We alluded in our call about the economy, the weakness in industrial activity. So we're still working to get price to offset this accumulated inflation, but there is a significant amount of Inflation we would not expect with the supply demand environment where it is in our supplier base. We always do self-help; we announced the Self-Help program in May. We still have a variety of actions do against that program. We're expecting significant savings from that program that will be primarily in next year, and then the last one is, we don't know the volume outlook, so the things within our control we're managing but, as Michael just mentioned on the prior question, if we do get any volume, especially in some of our industrial businesses, we should have a significant amount of leverage. So those were - those would be the way I prioritize them.
Vince Morales: Yes, Bob, as Michael pointed out in the opening remarks, and we've had a very good cash generation year-to-date, we've got about $1.5 billion on the balance sheet. We do have some term debt coming due in Q4, so some of that cash will be applied to the term debt coming due. But besides that, we do have a strong balance sheet and we're still looking at a variety of acquisitions, acquisition pipeline is still rich. We are not immune to doing share repo. We haven't done any-to-date basis, the acquisition pipeline. But if the acquisition pipeline lessens or we think there is a need to do share repo for different reasons, we will do so.
Vince Morales: Yes, Mike, this is Vince. In the past we've said pretty regularly that our leverage on a normal increase in sales is somewhere in the mid-20% range and in Europe, it's higher because of the latent opportunity we have there. So we said, in Europe, it's in the mid 30% range. I'd actually say that if you look at the costs we've taken out globally, we're inching up to 30% on average for the globe in terms of leverage factor. Now it's always going to be based on which business etc., but on average, I think we're closer to 30% now than the 25% we were previously.
Vince Morales: Frank this is Vince, I'll let Michael again add here, but we are pacing ahead of our cost targets. So we did have additional cost benefit in Q3, but we thought it may come in Q4, we got off to a little bit earlier, that's one item that was helpful to us. Mike if you want to add.
Vince Morales: Eric just back on your first question, I mean the statistics, we've seen is on our statistics, but 1% drop in plastic bottles if it converts to aluminum cans, a 6% increase in cans. We are seeing also efforts in the industry to replace single use serving cups as well. So I think the industry, the overall packaging, aluminum packaging industry does have some positive traits forward as we head into next year.
Vince Morales: Well, a couple of things on that Kevin. First of all, we are paying off some term debt, but the term debt is very little interest associated with it. And one of them was close to 0% interest. So even though we're paying debt off, it doesn't have an effect on lowering the interest cost. We have been carrying extra cash and earnings of money on that cash in Q3. That will go away in Q4 as we pay down that term debt. And we do have, as its traditional in our business, seasonally a much higher CapEx spending in the fourth quarter. We typically spend 30% to 40% of our capital between October 1 and the end of the year. So we have additional capital outlays. First of all we did that earlier in the year. So those would be the biggest factors.
Vince Morales: So John, we're going to benefit from some easing of comps as we look at prior year. So I would look at IHS has revision that just came out this week and we would be looking at our performance being somewhere in line with those build forecast.
Vince Morales: Yes, Arun, I'll just reiterate what I said earlier. We think most of our customers and many channels are carrying very low inventory levels. So with any modest economic recovery we think there's going to be a dual effect, the recovery itself plus some kind of inventory replenishment level. So it's again too early to make that call, but as we talk to our customers, they are very low in there in terms of inventory on the balance sheet.
Vince Morales: No. Well, I was going to say the same thing then maybe a different way. We look at the stores in our dealer network as were kind of merging that into a singular channel. We try to - we're trying to optimize what we do on our micro-market basis as Michael mentioned earlier. So we're not overlapping as much and whether this - whether the sale goes to a dealer or to our store is inconsequential to us. So we have to look at these combined. And if you - again, if you look at the dealer results this quarter and year-to-date, they're up nicely, and that to lower cost to serve for us. So I think we are - it's probably more semantic than anything.
Vince Morales: And we've seen customers curtailments on both sides of the quarter. We saw, July shutdowns are normally traditional annual time period to do shut down, some of those were extended. We saw obviously different shutdowns in September. If you look - but again, if you look at the inventories as a microcosm in the automotive OEM business, the inventory levels are very low in almost every region relative to historical levels. And so again, I think that's another good news story at some point, they're running below - well below the historical inventory levels.
Vince Morales: In total, our cost buckets were not down 2% anywhere near that. We did, as Michael mentioned, have a variety of other costs that are elevated or still elevating. We aggregate that, and when you aggregate that we had very modest moderation of raw material cost in the quarter and year-over-year, and again that's after several years of accumulation of inflation.
Vince Morales: That's a great question Duffy because we still need more price. And that's what we tell our sales guys and ladies every day, that we're still not on a cumulative basis recovered. It's different obviously by region by business, but we still need - we're not going to give an exact number, but it's, it's a more than we have today and cumulatively our prices that we've given at the past couple of years were up just shy of mid-single digits and then we need to be just north of mid-single digit.
Vince Morales: I'll remind you that we have about $600 million or $650 million of the cash on the balance sheet today slated for term debt pay down and we did some term debt issuance in Q3. We like the interest rates and we're going to swap that out for payment in Q4. We'll look at our - we look on a recurring basis on monthly basis at a minimum at our cash and our cash uses and potential cash use for the next couple of quarters. We'll do it again certainly through the fourth quarter. And if we want to give guidance on that we'll do so in January. Right now, as Michael said the acquisition pipelines are active and we still like to keep some dry powder to some of the things out there, but we're not immune to give it or not immune to not giving it. It just depends on what we see going forward and what we feel shareholders want to hear from us.
Vince Morales: Based on our cautious outlook Mike, I'd say industrial activity modestly weakened throughout the quarter.
Vince Morales: Well, we've been talking about this all year Dmitry, the Chinese consumers still accruing buying power. Unemployment rate there is no different than it was three or four years ago. They've moved to more of a saving economy. I think they're feeling, they're apprehensive about the geopolitical environment. And our expectation, our hope is that get some more result and or some of that breaks free because they are - they moved to more of a consumption model and they've saved for, I'd say well over nine months to a year now. And I think there'll be more comfortable spending next year. That's the biggest single item. If you look at the service economy there it's doing well. So again, I think there is still so some good trade in that economy, that would bode well for increased consumer spending.
Vince Morales: Yes, Jim, I think you hit the nail right on the head. We do see fewer exports out of Europe to Asia. That's one of the drags year-over-year. No different in the Asian sales in the indigenous in the region. So that's a factor, and obviously the industrial activity and the lack of industrial activity in Europe's another factor.
