John Bruno: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate your continued interest in PPG and welcome you to our third quarter 2021 financial results conference call. Joining me on the call from PPG are Michael McGarry, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Vince Morales, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our comments relate to the financial information released after US equity markets closed on Wednesday, October 21, 2021. We have posted detailed commentary and accompanying presentation slides on the Investor Center of our website, ppg.com. The slides are also available on the webcast site for this call and provide additional support to the brief opening comments Michael will make shortly. Following management’s perspective on the company’s results for the quarter, we will move to a Q&A session. Both the prepared commentary and discussion during this call may contain forward-looking statements, reflecting the company’s current view of future events and their potential effect on PPG’s operating and financial performance. These statements involve uncertainties and risk, which may cause actual results to differ. The company is under no obligation to provide subsequent updates to these forward-looking statements. This presentation also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The company has provided in the appendix of the presentation materials, which are available on our website, reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. For additional information, please refer to PPG’s filings with the SEC. Now, let me introduce PPG Chairman and CEO, Michael McGarry.
John Bruno: Yes, thanks. This is John Bruno. So I remind everybody, going into 2Q and 3Q, PPG has been below the IHS forecast, and I think we've come out ahead in terms of accuracy. We do see things improving. We just don't see the velocity of improvement that IHS is forecasting for the fourth quarter. We see more of a gradual recovery into 2022.
John Bruno: Thank you, Jason, and we'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today, for your time and interest in PPG. This concludes our third quarter earnings call.
Michael McGarry: Well, Chris, I would say, starting with the segment levels, the most impacted, of course, are architectural, our traffic solutions business, our automotive OEM and, quite surprisingly, our Industrial Coatings, because there are a lot more chips than people realize in some of these things like appliances and other electronic materials, heavy-duty equipment, things like that. So those were the businesses most impacted. What I see though is, obviously, it's in our suppliers' best interest to continue to sort out their supply chains. And seasonally weak fourth quarter should give them adequate time to do that. Now the flip side is we have an extremely large backlog of demand right now. So anything that they can make in the fourth quarter, we're going to ship. So we feel very good about that. As you know, we've been a little bit more pessimistic and probably right about the supply chain issues. And so, we have put in, like we said on the call, an expectation of further challenges in the fourth quarter.
Michael McGarry: Okay. Well, that's a mouthful. Let's start with auto OEM. Clearly, if you look at the inventory in the U.S., we're down about 1.5 million cars from where typical is. Inventories in China are less than one month as well. They're probably in the 25-day range. So that's 15 days less than they typically have. Europe has not been able to supplement what they need. And when you think about fleets, not just rental fleets, but fleets in general, they're short as well. So there's significant OEM demand out there. I would also tell you, from the refinish side, we can always tell when the lockdown's in, in every country, because driving comes up and collisions come up and demand comes up. And there's very little inventory in the chain from that standpoint. And so, we see that also being a strong positive. And then, I guess, finally, I would tell you from aerospace, we see strong order books on the small plane. So A320s and 737 builds are going to come up. Once you start to see some international travel, then I expect Airbus and Boeing will get back to building the bigger planes. MRO is improving monthly. And now that Europe is getting a little bit more open, we expect MRO to improve even better. So our catalyst for 2022 are strong. And if you then start building 787s on top of that, then our catalysts for 2023 get even better.
Michael McGarry: Well, Ghansham, let's start with China first. So, maybe I think you're aware of this, but maybe some of the other folks on the call aren't. Our plants typically in China are running two shifts today, most of them, not all them run three. And so the dual control issue that's happening in China where they're trying to reduce the amount of energy consumed as well as the energy per unit. We're in a very good position to be able to run off hours and consume the cheaper energy off hours. So, that helps us from that standpoint. Industrial demand is down in China right now, but it's as much from lack of raw materials as it is from demand. As you know, we're not very big, in fact, I would say, almost negligible in the project market for architectural. So, the challenges in that market are really not going to hurt us from that standpoint.  But our Kitchen and Industrial Bakeware business, our Electronic Materials business, our Automotive business are all in good shape over there. Our Packaging business, double-digit kind of demand. So, I feel good about China, both short-term and long-term and I think we have the team that can help us manage through the challenges that are over there. When I think about the higher prices today, I start first with, let's say, oil is $80. Well, $80 historically is not a high number. It would be a -- what I would say is, if you say $70 has been the average, it's only marginally higher. So, from a structural cost perspective, I think our consumers are going to be able to continue to have strong demand. So, I'm not worried about that.
Michael McGarry: Yes. John, let me just start with the basic way it works. We report peer price and we reported for our -- all our businesses. And so when you look at the business mix, that's one thing to take into account. The other thing is the mix by geography. So, if you have a large percentage in a geography that has hyperinflation, and that's going to impact you. But more importantly for us, we are on our 18th quarter in a row of price increases. So, we're stacking increases on top of increases. So, one way you might think about this is whether or not somebody might be trying to catch up to where we are and I think that's probably the most important thing. And the other thing I would say is make sure you look at inflation reported as well as margins. And for us, the ultimate end goal is margins. And I think our procurement team is doing a great job. We have hired people to help us qualify additional raw materials from that standpoint. And so we're in a pretty good shape, I think, from a competition wise.
Michael McGarry: Well, Bob, the way I would answer that question is, in Q1, we had 95 force majeures. That was all early, right? And then we only had two in quarter two. And then we have 13 new ones added in the quarter three due to all the IDA issues. And there's been only one added in the fourth quarter. So the pace of force majeures has improved. And at these commodity levels, I know our suppliers and I've talked to a number of them are focused on smoothing out the supply chain. And what I would tell you is they know we can sell, they know we're going to continue to consolidate the industry; they know we're going to win. And so they've been out there protecting PPG as much as they can within the limits of the force majeures. So I see these force majeures starting to decline in the fourth quarter. And so I think we're going to be in a much, much better place starting early 2022.
Michael McGarry: And I guess, Mike, I'd finished by saying that it won't surprise us to see you in a black and gold jersey once again after Halloween.
Michael McGarry: Stephen, we tried to convey that in the slides that we published last night. We're expecting to have a higher increase in the fourth quarter than we did in the third quarter. And I would say that is essentially already in place. So, it's just a matter of what it rounds to, but it's going to be higher than the 6% that we posted in 3Q. And in the first quarter, there will be additional price increases as well. So the magnitude of the increases are historic, but so is the amount of inflation. Our teams feel very good about this. Our customers are well aware of what's going on. They also need product. They're also facing logistics challenges. They're also facing raw material challenges, and they buy a number of the things that we buy, maybe not to the level that we do, but they understand it. And so I feel very confident that we're going to continue to put up historical price increase numbers that will help us when raw materials moderate. This will be a significant catalyst for continued earnings growth going forward.
Michael McGarry: Yes, Laurent. So, first of all, I would not say the M&A pipeline has slowed down. In fact, I would tell you that, that has picked up because of the high prices that have been paid, so there's more interest out there. What we said about the buyback is, first, we think PPG is a structurally sound company. We think the current price on PPG is undervalued and so we're going to buy some shares back. So, that's the first thing. The second thing is we also generated a lot of cash in the fourth quarter. That's our strongest quarter for cash. So, we're going to pay down debt as well as buy back stock. And we're in good shape as we look at the pipeline to -- for acquisitions. So, I don't think it's any more complicated than that, so.
Michael McGarry: Yes. Aziza, I would tell you that the three items that I'm paying particular attention to are epoxies, emulsions, and isocyanates. Emulsions, in particular, have been elevated purely due to the inability of the suppliers to run their plants. It was impacted by Ida as well because a couple of raw material suppliers there were impacted down more than a month due to that. And so once they're back to normal rates, some of the stress on pricing, I think, will start to come back down and so that's one. The epoxy, especially in China, I'm anticipating that they will moderate the pricing demand as we get into the fourth quarter with seasonality, and that will provide some relief. And from an isocyanates, we did have some force majeures in that area. That will be coming off, I think, in the very near-term. So, those are the ones I'm paying attention to.
Michael McGarry: And then, Arun, I'd tell you, on EVs, obviously, you saw how Tesla performed last night when they reported. And I would tell you there's virtually all of the global guys are very dead serious about improving their EV at a faster rate than what the current projections are. I don't know if you saw it yesterday, one of the largest EV producers in China, even though the government says they want 20% by 2025, this particular company said they expect it to be 35% by 2025. So the momentum in EV continues to build. From the beverages, that is going to continue to be strong. We're up double-digits in beverage, and there's -- I've actually lost count of the number of plants. I think there's either 13 or 14 new plants that are in the process of being built. And those new plants will need a lot of coatings. And we are winning our -- more than our fair share in that beverage space. So I anticipate beverage to continue to be strong as people shift away from single-use plastic into recyclable beverage containers. So I'm looking for that to be a long-term sustainable play.
Michael McGarry: Yes, Kevin, it's moving back toward 2019. It's still above it. But actually, if you go into a Home Depot, you'll see how bare the shelves are. I mean there's just not enough paint out there and that is a challenge for our partners. Certainly would like to have a lot more paint than they're getting right now. So, we're working hard to try to meet our big box customer needs. So, I actually do think that there's more upward potential there as the supply chain normalizes.
Michael McGarry: Yes. So, Mike, I would tell you that the discipline is better in Europe and the U.S. and Latin America, and it's still a little bit challenged in Asia. That doesn't surprise us. China is historically a difficult place, plus there's more than 80 car guys in Asia. So, there's all the global plus all the locals and so there's a little bit more competitive attention. But what I would tell you is, for us, any time that we might lose some share, get punished for raising price, we get it back very quickly as they roll out new programs because they have to put the finest technology out there on the newest programs to compete in that market because the hyper competitive from an appearance and performance standpoint. So, I'm not worried too much about that. We've been pushing the team to continue to raise price appropriately and that's what we're doing.
Michael McGarry: I'm not sure I want to get into that level of detail, Steven. What I would tell you is we've posted more than 6% in the Industrial. We had positive -- strong positive price in Automotive, Industrial as well as Packaging. And these conversations with our customers are one-on-one, and I think that's the way it should remain.
Michael McGarry: Yes. And I would say, Duffy, listen, the fact that they're down has not prevented us from getting price. So as you know, in Refinish, we were historically an annual price. This year, we've had more than one price increase in Refinish. So that has not prevented it. Automotive clearly has not prevented it. The automotive guys would like every Hilo of coating that we can provide, so they would definitely would like to get more. And then from the aerospace side, as you know, it's a very technology-driven business and so – and it’s a very spec-driven business and so our ability to get price on the MRO side is actually pretty good. So that has been not been impacted either. So, when I look at the catalyst for 2022, these businesses are certainly going to be a strong contributor to the increase in earnings for next year.
Michael McGarry: Hey Jaideep, this is Michael. I'll take the first one, which is the suppliers. I think they're clearly hampered this year because I think in the pandemic, they did not do the required maintenance. They postponed some things, and they got caught short by the recovery. And so as a postponed maintenance are underspent, that has impacted their ability to deliver what we wanted. So, I would tell you that, that, obviously, they're all making very good money right now and they're all interested in getting their reliability up at or above where they were pre-2019. So, I anticipate this to get better. I'll let Vince cover the adhesives and sealants versus paying for Europe questions.
Michael McGarry: Yes. So, Edlain, what I'd tell you is the worst was in the U.S., okay? So, that was obviously challenged with Hurricane Ida. The next most impacted over the quarter was Europe, because they do buy some things from the U.S. So, that has impacted, especially our architectural business over there. And then the one that got impacted last, but somewhat meaningful was the dual control issue in China that started late in September because there were a lot of government edicts, people were supposed to meet their quarterly goals, and they were not on track to meet the quarterly goals. So, starting about mid-September, there was a lot of pressure to get the dual control initiatives underway and on target. And in China, when they set targets, you can almost rest assured they're going to hit those targets. So that's the way -- there was no real material challenges in Latin America. They came out of the U.S., but we were able to manage through most of those.
Michael McGarry: Yes. Eric, I would tell you that none of our big aerospace guys have right now put out any concerns about magnesium nor have our EV customers. So right now, that is not currently on the radar screen. We're always trying to look around the corner, but that is one that so far has not raised its head.
Vince Morales: And Bob, Mike this is Vince. Michael mentioned in the opening comments. Seasonally, we see a significant downturn in demand for commodity raw materials. So this will allow them to do some catch-up in terms of maintenance, in terms of rebuilding inventory. So we do feel that has a tangible benefit as well entering 2022.
Vince Morales: Mike, it's Vince. I think your math is accurate. Two big components here one, as Michael mentioned, the semiconductor chip really impacting our automotive and to a lesser degree our industrial business. We expect that continue to rectify over the next couple of quarters. So really, we would hope in the back half of -- improvement now through the first half of and then more normalcy in the back half of 2022. The other side of the equation is the supplier -- commodity supplier force majeures that Michael just alluded to. We're expecting that to largely rectify in the beginning part of 2022. We will be able to supply our customers and more importantly, rebuild inventories which is a piece of the equation that's missing here. So that -- those shortages we're seeing in 2021, we'll go back into our customer inventories throughout the year of 2022. So we're confident the demand is there and the runability issues and supply constraints around chips should be resolved in the coming quarters.
Vince Morales: Yes. John, I'll take the first part of the question, I'll let Michael handle the second part on acquisitions. We're in a position now where we believe the inflation levels are crusting. We have 30% targeted inflation in Q4, the supply constraints, as we alluded to earlier, we think, are going to abate somewhat. And so again, our goal is to get pricing up to offset this high level of inflation. And some of this will moderate, and we are starting to see some signs of moderation. But again, given the tightness of the supply chain right now, it's not coming through in absolute percentages, but we are starting to see, in certain raw materials, some abating. For us, though, I think what's most important is we've gone after structural price increases. The vast majority of the pricing that Michael alluded to, the in Q3. Almost all of that is structural in nature. So we're changing unit pricing as opposed to surcharges. We think that's proper to do that will -- so those structural price increases will remain as we head into 2022 and throughout the duration of 2022.
Vince Morales: And John, with regard to the acquisitions, Ennis-Flint. The highest they'd ever achieved price prior to our acquisition was 2%. And they did not have, what I would call, a structured program to analyze what was going on and a structured program to get price increases out in a real-time basis. We have significantly improved that, and we have a PPG legacy leader running that business now, and we are really excited about what that future holds. Myself and Tim Knavish were in Europe, like within days when Tikkurila closed. That was the first thing on the agenda, was pricing. We were much further ahead in the price increase. We've already done our second price increase in architectural Europe prior to us acquiring Tikkurila. They were on their first increase. They are now catching up. They have put in place new processes that will allow them to better process not just raw material inflation, but also the value creation that we bring to the market with our new technology. And I feel very comfortable that we're on top of that, and we are in a good position, not only with the increases we've announced for the fourth quarter with the legacy Tikkurila products, but also the first quarter increases that are to come.
Vince Morales: Hey, Kevin, this is Vince. We're typically announcing earnings a week or so earlier, but due to the way the calendar fell this year, we're 20 days, three weeks into the quarter. October is a very large month for most coatings companies in the fourth quarter just due to seasonality. We've got a good read on October. We've got a good read on the next couple of weeks, at least, of demand and our ability to supply. So just given the size of the first month plus as it waits on the quarter, we have some level of confidence. That being said, things that could push it up or down, again, as Michael alluded to earlier, everything we can make today we could sell. So, if we do get more raw materials, we are able to manufacture more, that would be a positive for the fourth quarter. As you alluded to, Kevin, there still could be some things out there that could suppress the ability to get raw materials like logistics and that would be a negative. But we think all the other variables, we have a fairly good handle on.
Vince Morales: Yes, I'll handle the margin question, and I'll let Michael do the commercial side here. If you look at -- we're projecting -- we'll give them obviously more numbers out in January on our fourth quarter earnings call. But we do have an active restructuring program. We're part of the way through that program. 2021 savings on that are in the $130 million range. We would expect additional savings in 2022, as we continue to execute against the actions that we have previously outlined for that. And again, we'll give a number on that in January. More importantly and idiosyncratic for PPG, we do have synergy capture next year, typically 12 to 15 months after an acquisition. We start to realize additional structural synergies. Again, we'll give a number out in January. But those are two elements to the margin expansion opportunities on the cost base.
Vince Morales: Let me start just, Duffy, with the first question. The -- well, I'll start with the 60-40 question, because I think that's more relevant right now. If you look at the 60-40 question, the businesses that are down -- the 40% of the businesses that are down, let's call it, low teens in terms of volume versus 2019, these are very technology-rich businesses. They typically command the value for the technology. We've seen good pricing as evidenced by the segment pricing. Two of these businesses fall in performance. Performance pricing is up 6%. They're very big businesses. So they're going to have an impact on the segment. The automotive business is our biggest business in industrial. So it's going to have, again, an outsized impact on the aggregate pricing. So again, we're capturing pricing collectively across the portfolio, but -- and it's not differential based on the 60-40.
Vince Morales: In terms of this see seasonality from the acquisitions, we did put in the appendix of the materials we distributed last evening, the sales seasonality. You would expect and it's accurate that the earnings seasonality is even more pronounced. These are businesses that have a fixed cost base, especially architectural. So you do get more leverage -- there's more leverage on the peak sales quarters. And there's certainly less leverage on the sales quarters on either end of the peak. So definitely more pronounced earnings impact in Q1 and Q4. And we'll see the reciprocal of that, Duffy, in Q2 next year. We didn't have Tikkurila for the vast portion of Q2 2021. And in Q2 2022, we'll see that positive leverage.
Vince Morales: Yes, I think when we just think about ESG, which I think was the heart of your question, typically, these products like adhesive, sealants, coatings, act as an enabler to provide better ESG capabilities, longer term, longer lasting. And the aftermarkets typically provide the same opportunities to reduce people's environmental footprint. So, the coatings industry, the adhesives industry, every time there's been a technology change, we're seeing it in EVs. We typically get more content and we typically are able to provide the functionality needed in order for them to make technology improvements to cover whatever that technology change is. In this case, it's better environmental performance.
