John Bruno: Thank you, Chad, and good afternoon, everyone. We appreciate your continued interest in PPG and welcome you to our fourth quarter 2019 financial results conference call. Joining me on the call from PPG are Michael McGarry, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Vince Morales, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our comments relate to the financial information released on Thursday, January 16, 2020. I will remind everyone that we have posted detailed commentary and presentation slides on the investor center of our website ppg.com. The slides are also available on the webcast site for this call and provide additional support to the opening comments Michael will make shortly. Following Michael's perspective on the company's results for the quarter and for the full year and a brief financial update from Vince, we will move to a Q&A session. Both the prepared commentary and discussion during this call may contain forward-looking statements, reflecting the company's current view of future events and their potential effect on PPG's operating and financial performance. These statements involve uncertainties and risks, which may cause actual results to differ.  The company is under no obligation to provide subsequent updates to these forward-looking statements. This presentation also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The company has provided in the appendix of the presentation slides, which are available on our website, reconciliations to these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. For additional information, please refer to PPG's filings with the SEC. Now, let me introduce PPG's, Chairman and CEO, Michael McGarry.
John Bruno: Mike, Mike. I'm sorry, Mike, this is John. Yes, I see what you're looking at. So, just as a reminder everybody, we do have architectural business in China. It's a small business, and it's in part of China as a regional business within China and it's performed well. So, I just would remind people that it is on the smaller side.
John Bruno: I would like to thank everyone for their time and interest in PPG. If you have any further questions please contact me. This concludes our fourth quarter earnings call.
Michael McGarry: Thank you, John, and good afternoon everyone. We appreciate you joining us on our call. Today, we reported fourth quarter and full-year 2019 results. Before we review the results, let me just make a few additional comments. We are very pleased with our financial performance for the quarter and the full-year as we delivered strong year-over-year results in the face of weakening global manufacturing activity. We delivered record fourth quarter and full-year adjusted EPS and our full-year results were in the middle of the financial guidance we gave last January despite softer global economy. Additionally, we continue to execute on our long-term strategic and cash deployment initiatives focused on shareholder value creation. These initiatives included the completion of several acquisitions, which expanded our technology reach and customer intimacy and our legacy rewarding our shareholders, including the 48th year of annual per share dividend increases. We continue to invest about 3% of our sales in research and development and progress the commercialization of new products and technologies allowing us to deliver above market growth in several of our businesses. We will continue to communicate our progress on these initiatives and in new key products for 2020. More tactically, we begin 2020 continuing to benefit our aggressive and decisive operational management, including achievement of our self-help commitments from our cost savings program as we delivered by 85 million for the full year higher than previously committed target. In addition, we delivered record cash from operations in 2019 of about 2.1 billion including further reductions in working capital. Our strong 2019 performance was possible due to our broad business portfolio supplying both the OEMs and aftermarket, along with individual consumers and individual industrial customers in all major regions. I also want to thank the dedicated PPG team that remains focused on delivering value-added services and technologies for these customers all around the world. And let me summarize the financial details we released earlier today. For the fourth quarter, our net sales were nearly $3.7 billion, up about 1% in constant currencies. Our adjusted earnings per diluted share from continuing operations were $1.31, which represents a 14% increase versus last year’s fourth quarter. This is our second consecutive quarter of adjusted earnings per share growth of more than 10% with EPS up 14% this quarter and 15% in the prior quarter. For the quarter, our segment margins improved about 160 basis points versus last year and are up 120 basis points for the full-year despite broad contraction in the global manufacturing activity that worsened as the year progressed. As one data point, actual global industry automotive builds in 2019 were about 10% lower than projected at the beginning of 2019.  Our segment results benefited from continued selling price realization and strong cost management. Last, we continued our unwavering support of our customers all over the world and continued to advance our sustainability initiatives. I’m very proud that PPG earned the Ecovadis Gold Rating for corporate and social responsibility progress. Our team will continue to prioritize these programs and will provide a full update when we issue our 2020 sustainability report in the spring. Now, let me ask Vince to provide some additional color on our fourth quarter and full-year results as the guidance we communicated earlier today.
Michael McGarry: Thank you, Vince. As we look at the current year, while there continues to be geopolitical concerns and some lingering uncertainty over trade activity, we were optimistic that the global economy will grow in 2020. However, given the heightened uncertainty, we will continue to aggressively manage all elements within our control and we continue to target EPS and cash flow growth supported by achieving aggregate segment margins that we maintain prior to this recent inflationary cycle, which we believe this is achievable in the back half of 2020. We’re expecting that better visibility on demand trends by the end of the first quarter and we will adjust our guidance as necessary. Strategically, we will continue to pursue organic and inorganic growth opportunities. We have a strong track record of creating shareholder value and acquisitions and we intend to remain active, but methodical. We have an excellent balance sheet and will remain consistent with what we said in 2019 that we don’t intend to let excess cash growing our balance sheet, but we will remain disciplined in deploying this resource. Finally, while our guidance is reflected by uncertainty of when the industrial demands will improve, I am confident and our 2019 results solidified that PPG remains well positioned strategically and financially to deliver increased value to our shareholders and worldwide customers supported by our outstanding team differentiated industry expertise, broad foot print and product innovation engine. In conclusion, I want to recognize our employees around the world for their outstanding contributions. We have a strong engaged and dedicated global team. Every day our employees are focused on delivering results the PPG way by partnering with customers to create mutual value. They make it happen and work hard to do better today than yesterday every day. This concludes our prepared remarks. Once again, we appreciate your interest of PPG and now Chad would you please open the line for questions.
Michael McGarry: Okay. Christopher, I'll try to get all those questions. Let's start with TiO2. I don't expect this to be a topic we’ll talk about this year, obviously there is one supplier out there that's cutting rates. The rest of the guys are out there supplying. At this point in the cycle, you need to expect to see lower prices. It's been still kind of hanging flat, but I think the underlying fundamentals of supply and demand would echo reduction in that over time, but I would just say that, that should be a non-event this year. I would say that propylene and ethylene, the things that go into resins continue to be well supplied. I would tell you that I'm cautiously optimistic that there'll be some moderation, but it's a little bit too early to tell the crude oil prices are, as you know under a lot of fluctuation volatility right now with the world. So, it's hard to pin that number down right now. China is moderating production rates and varied by province. And so, it's not always easy to predict when they will have a blue-sky day, but they do periodically do ask for people to moderate their production in order to help facilitate the environment over there.
Michael McGarry: So, we have a very broad aerospace business. We're into the transparencies, adhesives and sealants and coatings and now with the acquisition of Dexmet lightning protection. So, we don't have any one customer that dominates our sales, but the recent customer announcement is impactful and that you'll see our aerospace growth rates still being very positive and still being better than the industry, but not quite at the high-single digits, I said it was earlier in the year. But I would tell you that we're really pleased with aerospace business, they had a record year. And I anticipate them having another record year in 2020.
Michael McGarry: So, I would say, it was pretty broad. We saw some benefits in the appliances. Of course, it was less negative in automotive. It's potentially a possibility that there was a pull forward for Chinese New Year, given it's much earlier this year and it's really too early to tell that. Right now, we did see November was better than October and December was better than November. So, that's a good question to come back to us in March after we return from the Chinese New Year and have a little more visibility into it.
Michael McGarry: We were – in this past quarter, our volumes were down 3% and our margins improved by more than 150 basis points. So, if you start to put any volume on the bottom line, you should expect to see the Industrial Segment margins significantly improve. So, you've already seen us close the gap on the performance coatings side and I think you should expect to see us continue to close that gap on the Industrial Segment side.
Michael McGarry: Yes, Bob, we do know similar to PPG, people who are working down their inventory levels as we ended the year really reflection of the tepid environment out there. We do believe our customers are holding low [end] [ph] stock of their products. So, if there is a pickup or recovery, we do feel there'll be at least a modest inventory rebuild, but those will be the two elements that we're aware of.
Michael McGarry: I think the big disconnect right now Bob is, two segments that are important for us are automotive. So, you just saw the downgrade on where they're anticipating China being down more than 10%. You have Europe that's going through the transmission or the emission change on the engines. So, that's a big uncertainty. Right now, it's too early to call, heavy duty equipment. I think the recent signatures in Washington yesterday will help the farmers, but I don't think they'll immediately start buying equipment, but I do think that will come over time. And then you certainly have aerospace, there is a significant demand for new planes. They're not being met right now. So, hopefully over time that will get back on track. And we do know that the military side of aerospace is going to continue to be pretty strong.
Michael McGarry: David, no change. We have a very strong pipeline of acquisitions, we're looking at, but we also generated a lot of cash. We know that we always generate a lot of cash in the fourth quarter. We've committed that we're not going to let that cash sit on the balance sheet. So, we took some of that cash off the sidelines and bought back stock. We can continue to do both, right now, as you know, we still prefer acquisitions, but it just seemed like a prudent thing to do given the amount of cash that we knew was coming into the fourth quarter.
Michael McGarry: I would say marginally, it's more of a matter of the mix. We are much bigger in what I would call food and MAT, which is monobloc aerosol vent and tubes. So, think about deodorants and various other odd ball sides cans. So, we're bigger in that segment than beverage. We did have positive growth in beverage, but beverage is growing at a much faster rate than the other segments. So, it was more of a mix, but that's the fact.
Michael McGarry: So, the most up obviously would be aerospace and PMC, those businesses will have another fantastic year in 2020. Probably the one that will be a little more challenged will be automotive and then industrial.
Michael McGarry: Yes, part of the difference is just comparisons as you know, we have strong pricing throughout 2019 on a year-over-year basis. We're still going to get some price in Q1, but not the same year-over-year level, as we did in the fourth quarter or prior quarters in 2019. Q4 for Comex is their largest quarter, typically seasonally, but we're not going to see that same effect in Q1. We talked about Aerospace already. We had strong volumes in Q4 in aerospace. We know that's going to be tempered. In Asia, Q4 is the automotive market peak in China, even though the volumes were down, overall production is up sequentially, Q3 and Q4 that drops back down, as we will have as much fixed cost coverage in Q1. So, if you're trying to compare the quarters, I would pull forward of those big elements.
Michael McGarry: Yes. And the other thing I'd say is that incrementally, not just Europe, where we say 40% of any incremental dollar drops to the bottom line, but we're seeing that same kind of incremental benefit in the U.S. and Latin America now. So, that's another positive. So, I would say we see any pickup $0.30 on the dollar is going to befall into bottom line.
Michael McGarry: Yes, P.J., I would say that right now, rates are down, but they've been down for a while and we're expecting another 2% to 3% kind of growth year for architectural U.S. I don't expect to see anything significant. Our trade customers have a significant backlog. I still expect to see, trade to be better than DIY, the do-it-for-me trend is going to continue.
Michael McGarry: Well, Frank, I think if you look back the last three or four years, we've consistently done about four or five acquisitions a year. I would be disappointed if we don't do four or five this year. We've already announced ICR. We have a very active acquisition review committee in the company. It is a matter of timing. We are working generally with the private owners. They can be temperamental sometimes to get to the finish line, but I'm still optimistic that we'll do more acquisitions in 2020 than we'll do share buybacks.
Michael McGarry: Yes, the first part of the year, we're going to continue to be volume challenge as we denoted earlier. That will certainly affect our ability to grow margins in our Industrial segment. We do expect Performance to continue to perform well on a relative basis, Frank.
Michael McGarry: Yes, Kevin, I'll remind you that we gathered most of our price gains in 2019 at the beginning of 2019 in the first quarter, both in Industrial and Performance. So, all price gains in 2020 will be primarily based on actions that we're executing from the beginning of this year. So, very little carryover pricing in every business and we do have again in the back half of the year some volume growth layered into the guidance.
Michael McGarry: Well the answer to that question really varies by sub-segment. So, I would tell you in the Performance Coatings side, there is more – there is more support than maybe there is in the Industrial segment.
Michael McGarry: Well, we achieved $85 million in lower costs in 2019. And I think John mentioned that we were going to do $80 million in 2020 and I would say that we're always looking to be better year-over-year. There is no additional program we're out there thinking about right now, but we do want to be in a continuous improvement mode. So, you should expect us to continue to push our cost lower, especially in such a weak demand environment.
Michael McGarry: Our customers are very sophisticated, generally, they look at it over a cycle not over a single point in time and they can tell by looking at our margins, that we have not returned yet to our margins that we had in 2016. So, they also know we have continued inflation in wages and logistics, things like that. So, that's also something that we factor in. So, the discussions are constructive.
Michael McGarry: Well, we always say that we're looking at all acquisitions in our space. So, we are big in adhesives and sealants, but we won't do a commodity one in that space. We only do specialty ones. If you look at aerospace, we do want to continue to grow our presence in that segment. And then the traditional core coatings segments, we're going to continue to look in. So, we're not going to go out and create some new third-leg though. So, we'll stick to the businesses that we know.
Michael McGarry: I will take the latter one first. So, we did announce an increase in our company-owned stores and we do anticipate being successful in that. In regards to the dealers, we are making a significant push for our premier authorized dealer network and it's way too early to talk about success in that name, but we do think the program makes a lot of sense, where we work jointly together with our dealers to better service our customers. So, I'm glad to see the growth in the dealer network and we'll continue to push forward.
Michael McGarry: We are expecting a true-up of one of our major geographies in the first quarter, which is why we signaled that to be lower. That's an ongoing number, but it's a true-up of a discrete item that will occur during the quarter.
Michael McGarry: That's always hard to tell because it's two-step distribution Vincent. And we don't always have perfect line of sight into that. So, I would hope, the answer is yes, but I have no real positive knowledge of that.
Michael McGarry: Well, crude does impact a large chunk of our basket, but it doesn't impact things like TiO2, probably doesn't always impact things like packaging and so there are some other things like, let's call it pigments, that doesn't impact it. So, there are some other facets of our raw material basket that are not impacted by crude, but it is the larger driver.
Michael McGarry: So, Duffy, maybe, I'll tell you what it is not, some people have said it's 1%, that's not even remotely close. So, if you want to factor up and down off a 0.5%, somewhere in that area code, but it is a really complicated question, because as you know we supply transparencies, sealants and adhesives, as well as coatings and some of those things we are a Tier 1 suppliers, some of them were Tier 2 supplier. And some of the suppliers were running faster than the customer stated line rate and some were matching it. So, we're trying to figure out what the inventory in the chain is, and then it will be more complicated by the fact that the airlines are going to be running their planes a little harder. So, that will lead to some additional MRO opportunities for us, but then they have to find the time to do the MRO. So, it's not a straightforward answer. And so that's why it's – we've given a larger than normal for our guidance.
Michael McGarry: So, the one that I am optimistic on is Mexico. I think the government is going to start to turn loose some money, they wanted to know what environment they were dealing with. Now they have a little more certainty. So, I anticipate the government spending more money that's going to be a positive for us, for our PPG-Comex business. And then obviously, we're looking forward to the farmers having more money in their pockets as a positive, but that I think that's a long-term putt.
Michael McGarry: Yes, so Steve, I would say this is still in [indiscernible] digitization of the retail and trade paint network, I would say is slow going. Not for a lack of effort, but traditionally, I would say these are small business people a little bit slow to change, but they all recognize the need to do that, and so we're working with them on trying to help them understand how they can improve their own businesses by moving to more digital apps, but I would say it's still in the first couple of innings.
Michael McGarry: Yes, so Steve that was something we developed ourselves, it's a trademark Moonwalk, it's an automated mixing system for the refinish market that allows the painter basically to scan the paint of the car, stick the chip basically into a machine and it premixes the paint, so that way the painter can be way more productive. We've already sold 100 of these machines in Europe. The interest level is very high. We've got a tremendous amount of recognition. Obviously, we're starting with our own paint shops first, and then we'll be pushing it out into a competitive environment, so that we can start to gain share. We do have people outside of Europe that are also asking about it, because of the significant press we received. But I would say right now, we're focused on Europe and then we'll look at how we're going to expand that over time.
Michael McGarry: I'd say it's way too early to call. There is so much challenge in Europe with the emissions, that we'll just sit back and wait. So, no real insight.
Michael McGarry: Well, we said it would be in the back half of the year, we obviously need a little volume to help drive that, but I would tell you that, we've made significant progress in all three of those businesses, whether it's packaging, industrial, automotive. They've all made significant improvement so far.
Michael McGarry: Jim, just for your information, the forecast for Europe is minus 2% on cars. So, that's the external forecast on how the emission packages were impacted.
Michael McGarry: Yes. We have a guidance range for a reason. We do, we don't see any pickup in activity basis, our internal expectations we will be more discerning on costs. So, I would certainly expect us to hit our guidance either through our own self-help or through economic activity.
Michael McGarry: Yes, the only thing I would add is, our marine business is winning in the shipyards that are winning business in China. And China is winning more business than Korea and we're better positioned in China than we are in Korea. So, we're in the places that are growing.
Michael McGarry: It's regional. It's mostly in the Shanghai and Southern China piece. So that's where it's been benefiting from.
Vince Morales: Yes, this is Vince. Two other elements there. One, we are doing targeted pricing across the portfolio in the regions and in addition, as I mentioned in my opening comments, we do have additional cost savings projected for 2020 that we're comfortable we will realize.
Vince Morales: I'll start with it and Mike will finish. I think broadly, we'll see it in our global industrial segment. That's the one that we think has been most impacted by the delays in the agreements. Again, as I mentioned just a few minutes ago, inventory levels, we think and end product inventory levels for our customers in those segments are very low. So, you could see a production pick up in a halo of inventory build.
Vince Morales: Yes, P.J., as we mentioned auto production was up in Q4, that was a mistake on our behalf. I think, we intended to say auto production was down, but not as much as it was in prior quarters. So, it's still down in Q4. We expect it to be down again low double-digits in Q1. We do feel that inventory is generally are in check in China. So, they've been matching inventory with lower sales. So, sales do pick up that should be a straight translation through to production.
Vince Morales: Yes, Frank and that's really, and if you look at our history, we've done a variety of acquisitions. We've delivered really good returns on those, which is why it remains a priority for us. We typically were able to capture synergies and easily cover our cost of capital, but if those acquisitions don't materialize, as Michael mentioned, we fully intend not to let cash grow in the balance sheet.
Vince Morales: Yes, Jeff, this is Vince. A little more precision than we typically guide to, again I would say 2019 was on the heels of very modest pricing in 2018. We did have very strong pricing, if you recall in the first quarter of 2019. So, the comparable is much more difficult, but I wouldn't give specific guidance. We do expect a positive number, but again nothing specific.
Vince Morales: Yes, you must be listening to our internal management meetings. We target every year half to a full turn on our working capital. We've been improving that for the last several years, but we still have more room to go, specifically on inventories. We do have a very good receivable conversion rate, but there is still more room there. So, our intention is to lower our working capital, full year working capital, another half turn to full turn in 2020.
Vince Morales: But just echoing on what Michael said earlier, we feel our suppliers – our supply demand is well supplied. And it's just been stubborn in terms of passing down the food chain here.
Vince Morales: Yes, a couple of things. One, we did have good cash in the back half of this year. So, we were able to retire some debt in the fourth quarter. We will typically be borrowing money in the first quarter as we build inventory for the season. So, there is nothing significant about that other than interest rates in some of our key regions like LATAM are coming down, where we had interest income in prior years.
Vince Morales: Okay. The U.S., we think it grew between 2% and 3%. In Europe, we think it declined in the 1% kind of range, and in Mexico, the volume was probably down 1% net organic growth positive because of price increases, and the same thing in Europe we had price increases that offset the negative volume. So, net-net, I would say, marginally positive from an organic growth side in both markets.
Vince Morales: Yes, first of all for 2019 our cap spending matched almost exactly our 2018 number. We did start some larger projects in 2019 and given the economy, we kept those projects running, but we feel back off of some smaller projects. We're still expecting, Kevin, for 2020 in 2.5% to 3% of sales as our CapEx bogey, we're going to obviously topple that based on the economic environment.
Vince Morales: And that's Jim, an addition, that's really, we're focusing a lot of our self-help activities as well. That's helping us March back to those prior margin levels.
Vince Morales: Two main items, Mike. One, as we brought these acquisitions in, they're typically coming in at a much higher SG&A baseload. And we'll work that down over time that’s part of our synergy capture that we do. The second is, we did have higher – a higher stock price this year, which resulted in a higher TSR from a management and incentive perspective. Those were the two main factors.
Arun Viswanathan: Alright, sorry about that. Good afternoon. Sorry about that. Yes, so I was just curious, couple of years ago there was a chance to or it's or a statement that you'll be focusing on low single-digit volume growth and cost reductions at the same time when Michael took over. Now, I know volume growth has been disappointing just given the macro backdrop, but maybe you can just catch us up on the cost reduction side. What do you see in the future, I guess, as far as cadence and what can we kind of model through our estimates for cost reductions from here? Thanks.
Arun Viswanathan: Great, thanks. And then just on that weak demand environment, could you characterize kind of the price discussions with your customers? I'm just curious if there has been any kind of push back just given that raw materials are likely potentially a little bit deflationary in Q4 and then maybe even the next couple of quarters, how are you fighting those conversations with the customers? Thanks.
Arun Viswanathan: And just lastly, just talking about the M&A pipeline, could you discuss maybe some of the verticals that you're looking at? You have done [dura coat] in the past in some areas, ancillary to core coatings, is that still an area of interest for you, maybe in adhesives or anything like that or what are your areas of focus for M&A? Thanks.
