Michael McGarry: So David, first of all I would say the vast majority was done by one national major retailer who put in a new system. The new system has different settings, they are trying to drive down their inventory, they’re trying to take an additional 30 days out, is what they’ve told us as a goal. So, we think it's done but obviously we’re not in control of that. So our anticipation is that we’re more focus on the POS and the point-of-sales going out of the door right now are positive, so in that aspect I'm pleased with what I'm seeing.
Michael McGarry: Sure David, our pipeline remains solid. We are always going to look at everything in our space, but we’re going to remain disciplined that's the key, you expect that at PPG. Our preference continues to be acquisitions over share buybacks and we are going to continue to look and right now I think our pipeline is consistent with what we've seen in prior years.
Michael McGarry: Well let's start with the 3Q question, we are constructive for both, we see momentum plus we are going to be coming off of a slightly easier comp, so both of those are positives. When you look at the DIY space, if you've been in a Home Depot store they have recently launched two new Glidden products, Glidden Diamond and Glidden Essentials, both of those products are performing quite well. In Walmart they also have a Glidden Complete that’s going. And then if you look at Menards, we have a super-premium price point, Paramount and that has been performing as well. So I think as these new products get deeper footholds in the minds of our DIY customers, we expect that to continue to be a positive for the business. So, in overall I would tell you that we are coming off of a good spot in the second quarter and we’re looking forward.
Michael McGarry: I'd be happy to do that. So, what we said in the prepared remarks is that we had outperformed in Europe and outperformed in Asia. Those trends will continue, we underperformed in the US, we had preferential, obviously when you go into the bid season, if you're going to lose a piece of business and gain a piece of business, we wanted to gain it in the higher growth regions and so we underperformed in the US, we do think that's a short-term phenomenon, but that’s two quarters in a row where we've underperformed. In Latin America, we are at market in Latin America of course that's a smaller market. But overall, we outperformed in the automotive market probably for four years in a row. So this is just a short-term bump. When you look forward to the third quarter if you remember in China, last year they had some pretty significant build reductions especially in August and the government came out with a reduction in the tax on the small 1.6 liter engines. So that obviously won't happen again, China’s build rate continue to be robust, we expect them to continue to be robust. There is a lot of new automotive plants coming on in the second half of the year, we won more than our fair share on those new plants, so we actually expect some nice momentum in China.
Michael McGarry: This is exactly what we forecasted coming into the year and I don't think you should anticipate anything different in the second half of the year.
Michael McGarry: We are indeed, the things that are helping us in aerospace is that the adoption of our base coat clearcoat for our coatings business, so we are winning share there. Our technology in our ceilings business, we have very lightweight ceilings that are gaining share, so that's also a positive. The transparency segment is down a little bit obviously general aviation remains weak, if you think about the rotorcraft or the helicopter market for the oil and gas business remains difficult. So when you put it all together we were up in the second quarter, we expect to be up in the third quarter. F-35 build rate is coming up, so that's going to be a positive. And if you look at Boeing and Airbus, they have only delivered two more planes in the second quarter versus what they deliver last year. And they’re only up, actually they’re down, excuse me, six planes each from their build rates in the first half of the year versus last half. So they have a very full backlog, so ideally you would expect them to continue to work hard to build up their sales rate in the second half of the year. So we are actually anticipating good aerospace performance in the second half of the year.
Michael McGarry: There are two reasons, one is the waterborne continuous adoption of that plus we are also picking up share in what we call the commercial transport area and light industrial coatings. So these are very smaller pieces of that refinish business but overall those markets continue to do well and our customers value the productivity that we bring to their shops when we bring in our products.
Michael McGarry: That's going to come over a few different quarters, what I would say is if you take a look at what we paid in cash taxes in 2015. So it would be about $480 million we played last year that included an amount that was applied from the previous year's tax return, we actually wrote a check for about $380 million and we had some credit supplied from the previous year, so about $480 million total cash due last year. Our cash taxes this year all in will be less than that or high double-digit amount will be less than that for all of 2016 assuming we get the closing of the flat glass sale by the end of the fourth quarter. So, in very good shape in terms of tax benefits even though we had some tax charges associated as a special item this quarter that you saw associated with moving money around and funding the asbestos liability on a net basis including all taxes paid on gains, our cash taxes will be less this year.
Michael McGarry: Duffy, this is Michael. What I would tell you first of all is that you have, you know, our share of the dealer market, so we are probably a little overweighted in that area and that continue to be a decline. Then don't forget we bought a broken Akzo business and we are radically fixing that at a good clip. That's been a good acquisition. It's returned a lot of value. We’ve outperformed in the synergies and now our goal is to get that growth rate up to match the industry average or better. And then finally with the DIY segment and as I mentioned earlier on the call, we have worked with our channel partners to bring out some additional products in that regard. So I think we have a multipronged approach to improve in this area but clearly we’re not satisfied and this is an area of high focus for just me but the leadership team all across the Company.
Michael McGarry: Well, I’d say we’ll be a little bit below market just because of that. I mean, if you take some of our competitors where they might have zero in the independent dealer market they will be hard to match that.
Michael McGarry: We don't normally disclose that, but if you take our commentary previously, we said glass was more than the average. We said that fiber glass Europe was $150 million. So you ought to be able to come up with a relatively close answer.
Michael McGarry: Sure. The easiest one to look at was the UK. We had about four days right after the vote, where it seems like people were glued to their TVs instead of putting a paintbrush in their hand, but I’m pleased to say that in the first 20 days, because I have data through yesterday, our sales rate is in July better than our sales rate in June 2016, so the prior month and it’s better than July 2015 for the same 20-day period. France, I looked at France this morning and it’ on a relatively similar trend line. We’re always a little bit hesitant on France if we didn't call out the periodic strikes that they have over there because it seems like an everyday occurrence, but I would say that we should do better in the third quarter than we did in the second, and we continue to have good momentum in our other businesses in Europe. So when you take Portland and Czech and Slovak and Hungary, those are all doing fairly well.
Michael McGarry: Two reasons. One, obviously the slowdown in the construction market in China. Two, because of the slowdown, we’ve been very tight on credit and obviously as you tighten up credit with your customers, they look for other places to place their orders and that compounds the situation. What's interesting is that we really play in three segments over there and our premium product was up in our second quarter. So it's a smaller piece of the pie. So it really like I said, you got to be close on your customers, what they are doing, what part of the market they’re in and so the fact that we’re managing credit tightly had some impact there.
Michael McGarry: Well, Dimitri, new builds were down 40% in 2015, they’re down an additional 30% in 2016, the big three in Korea haven't taken very many orders this year. There is a lag of course between an order to a paint. So call it, 18 to 24 months, but Korea has recently rolled out a $17 billion stimulus package aimed at getting their shipping business back on its feet, it’s a big segment for Korea, employs a lot of people, names that you know, Hyundai Heavy Industries, Samsung Heavy Industries, Daewoo. So these are all people that are closely tied to the government and they can't continue to go backwards forever, but I’m not smart enough to tell you when it’s going to turn, but it is something that we are going to spend a lot of time looking at.
Michael McGarry: Well, I think that our protective business continues to gain share. So that’s the first thing what I would say. We had a very positive growth number in protective segment and we are rolling out new technologies that are winning share, especially in our fire protective region that has been a real winner for us. So I’m anticipating that protective will continue to overcome the weakness in Marine. I view this as maybe a one-off. Obviously, time will tell. But our protective, the marine team continue to perform well and I would tell you we’re aggressively managing costs in that, so when you look at just the earnings side of that business, that's part of the reason why earnings continue to go up overall is because we’re managing that very tightly.
Michael McGarry: So margins were up 180 basis points. That was driven by four primary factors, maybe five if I’m generous. Volume improvement in Europe, that is significantly leveraged. So anytime we drop any volume in Europe, that comes 30 to 40% margin. The benefits of restructuring, we are going to continue to focus on that, the acquisition related synergies that continues to do well. We certainly had some modest raw material benefits and then as you know, when you look at it from a currency standpoint, the fact that the dollar is so much stronger, you actually get absolute lower COGS and lower overhead numbers. So that all contributed to the margin. Now, the pace, I think I mentioned in my opening comments, the pace of raw material deflation is slowing. When you go back and look at what oil was in the second quarter last year and the second quarter this year and you look at it third quarter versus third quarter, that is slowing, but we’re not letting our purchasing and global supply management team off the hook here, right. When I parse our raw materials, we put them in about nine buckets. So whether it’s epoxies or solvents or additives, you name it, I would say at least five of those still have downward pressure, the rest of them flat and we do have one that had some upward pressure. I don't regard that TiO2 price increase in the second quarter as a trend line, one point doesn't make a trend line. When you look at overall volumes across the globe in coatings, it is a modest number. More importantly, when you look at their input costs, their input costs or volumes are down. So when I couple their input costs and our view of what's going on the coating segment, we're still having discussions, not to mention we still have billions out there, we have favorable pricing with billions, we used three times as much billions in the first quarter than we did fourth quarter last year. We increased that again in the second quarter and we sequentially expect to increase the amount of product used by billions in the third quarter from the core plan and their performance continues to improve. So I would tell you overall, we are pretty, we are going to have to continue to fight hard for what we have, but raw material deflation is slowing but not over.
Michael McGarry: Sure. If you look at our last six acquisitions, they’ve all, we have paid less than 10 times EBITDA for all of them. The only one that's been above that has actually been Comex, where we paid, if I remember, 11.2 or something in that, pre-synergy. So clearly, the most two large ones in our space that were done at a significantly higher level, I regard those as unique properties at unique times in the cycle. Everybody I talk to that I want to buy, they point to those two and I am sure they would like to have that, but it’s not realistic for the sellers to do that. And obviously when we bought MetoKote, those numbers or at least one of those numbers was in the space and we are negotiating with others right now. So I would tell you we’re going to continue to remain disciplined and we are going to do the best that we can to make sure we increase value for our shareholders.
Michael McGarry: And then in regards to your question about fiber glass, we always evaluate all our businesses, and in this regard, fiber glass non-core business and should anybody come to us and make us an offer that's worth more than we think it’s worth, then we have a shareholder responsibility. We are not in any active engagement right now though.
Michael McGarry: Let me take this by business, right. So, automotive, vast majority of that growth is coming from technology and market, right. So the market is growing between 3% and 4%, we are outperforming that so that’s all due to our new compact process. If you take our industrial business, our industrial business grew mid-single digits in the quarter. That is really a variety of - some of it is automotive and some of it is coil, our coil business had a good one, our electronic materials had a pretty good quarter. So all good from that standpoint. When you look at packaging, that’s all technology, I mean we’re just - our new technology is helping us grow, it grew high single digits, one of our regions grew low double digits. We’re just taking share in that regard. When you bring it over to architectural, there is not as much technology in the architectural and we are not getting that - the markets basically think it’s growing about 3%, 4% max and then you shift on over to protect the marine and that's a declining market with a huge overhang in the marine. We are taking share due to the technology, so that's another area. Refinished is all driven by the waterborne, so good performance there and aerospace driven by technology. So I would say in those segments where technologies are real key, it spoke the market and our ability to drive share gains through technology.
Michael McGarry: These are proprietary systems. So I wouldn't be able to answer the question about whether or not the other ones have a similar type plan. But it is across all SKUs, so it is a uniform initiative on that part.
Michael McGarry: I think, Chris, we’ve been consistent in saying that it’s in a slow secular decline, low single digits as the big boxes as well as the company-owned store network takes share in that regard. I do not envision that that trend line is going to change, and so the other issue you have is that for some of these independent dealers, they have no succession plans. And so sometimes as I get older, they decide to either sell out or they decide to close their doors. So it’s something that we are managing very closely, like Vince mentioned that we are able to adjust our cost structure to match this decline rate. It’s a very profitable segment for us, so we’re very happy to have these customers, but it is a drag if you will on the overall growth rate of the business.
Michael McGarry: And we had to rebrand all the stores, we had to take the Glidden product out of their stores, put the PPG products in. So it’s not something that transforms itself overnight. So it's not like a light switch, but it has gotten better every quarter sequentially.
Michael McGarry: So if you start with Central America, I would say we are in inning two. We’re very early, we just rolled out our own Glidden products into the PPG brand. Previously was a licensee, we started that about 15 months ago. The momentum is very significant. So we’re very pleased with that. Clearly, as we gain more momentum, we've gotten phone calls from people down there. We anticipate continuing to get phone calls. Obviously, we’re making our phone call. So, there is a potential for that. It's too early to talk about what that might shake out to be, but clearly the model that we have in Comex, the concessionaire network model plays very well into Central America, where you have entrepreneurial people that are looking to put extra TVs in their house, go out and buy a car. This model works very well down there and we are exporting the Comex model into Central America. So that’s a real positive for us. We’re bringing the PPG products into Comex. That has continued the acceleration that Comex sales, that's why we’re more than two times GDP. The Comex team continues to perform at a very high level. We've been pleased, we’ve added over 100 stores in the first half of the year, so we're adding this store every other day, basically, we anticipate having over 170 stores by the end of the year. So we continue to get more geographic diversity. If you remember when we bought it, we said that we had higher share than normal in the central part and we are underrepresented in the north and the south. We’re taking care of that and so we’re growing additional share and presence in both the North and the South. So overall, I couldn't be more pleased with our Comex team.
Michael McGarry: At this point in the cycle, I don't anticipate much pricing, except for the new products. So anytime, we roll out a new product, so we’ve said that we’re going to have flat pricing across PPG and that would also pertain to general industrial. The reason we are not accelerating that is, we still don't see any recovery in heavy duty equipment. Heavy duty equipment remains a large part of that portfolio. It would also, it's a little bit challenged, but I would tell you that the momentum in our industrial business is quite good, and then if you term out the industrial segment, I would say overall, all three businesses, packaging, industrial and automotive, you saw a good growth in those businesses and strong performance.
Michael McGarry: Well, first of all, I would bring to your attention that we did buy IVC. This is a powder and liquid coatings mostly U.S.-based, although they also had operations in Asia. So we have done others besides Comex and Consórcio Latinoamericano and in regards to your original question for the other ones, [indiscernible] has better than a company average return. I would tell you that when we bought Revocoat, it had less than the company average, but it is probably close at least 50% of the gap and we continue to work on - our customers are really excited and the fact that we have Revocoat that provides another opportunity to have more content in the paint shop in our automotive customers and they really like that. So that's been a nice win for us as well.
Michael McGarry: Well, I guess I would answer your question this way. There have only been two acquisitions in the past five years from a European competitor of any substance. And so I would not necessarily say anything that the current advantage interest rate environment in Europe is going to have any impact, we are going to continue to drive the consolidation in the coating space. Clearly, one of our major competitors is actively engaged and so their activity levels in acquisitions might be reduced. So I would tell you we’re going to still be the leader in driving consolidation.
Frank Sklarsky: And Chris, if I could just add one point, some of those products as Michael mentioned were just being set during the second quarter and so we are exiting the quarter with good momentum on those particular products.
Frank Sklarsky: The only thing I'd add to that, Christopher, it’s Frank, is that in Europe, as Michael said we are continue to seek good growth rates but we are also represented and some automakers there that are doing particularly well. So our mix of customers in Europe is also helping us. We expect to outperform there in the third quarter versus market.
Frank Sklarsky: Jeff, this is Frank. So in terms of the amount of the dilution, if you take the gross proceeds from the flat glass business we said, we disclosed this morning, it was 750, if you take adjustments and since that’s a US business you have a full federal and state tax rate on the gain, which is significant, the basis was not that significant that combined with adjustments. And then add that to the net proceeds of the European fiber glass business which is relatively modest double-digit net returns after taxes and adjustments. You can say the dilution is in the range of what you're talking about but you own calculation but please keep in mind that the flat glass business had a more than the glass average margins. So, when computing a potential dilution you have to take that into effect. And of course both those businesses will be in discounts for Q3. But in terms of what we do about that dilution, we have continued to demonstrate that we will take excess cash and given the back half of the year is our cash generating half, we will have proceeds from these businesses, we will continue as Michael said continue to deploy that in a manner that generates value for the shareholders. And so we have ample liquidity, we have cash on the balance sheet, we will continue to generate cash, we will get cash from these divestitures, so we are fully committed to that upper end of the previously communicated range by the end of this year.
Frank Sklarsky: And we have ample opportunity to continue to go back to our board to obtain additional authorizations for share repurchase as appropriate and they’ve been supportive in the past. We continue to have a robust acquisition pipeline as Michael pointed out, so we will continue to take the kinds of action we need to, including actions on our cost structure to make sure we eliminate stranded cost situations so that we eliminate the dilution.
Frank Sklarsky: That's correct, as it relates to Pittsburgh Corning, the specific entities that the trust addresses there will be no further impact or exposure for PPG either on the P&L or the cash side, the whole liability was discharged. There will be a reference you'll seen in the Q next week as you’ve seen in the past where there are other potential cases that could arise, we have reserves for those which we believe are adequate at the present time up, as it relates to Pittsburgh Corning no further exposure.
Frank Sklarsky: Well, Frank, I don't think I want to give you a number just yet. What I will tell you is that this is the primary focus. Organic growth is not easy as you know, but our focus on technology is key. Our global footprint able to ship these new technologies around the businesses, around the world is key. Leveraging Comex and bringing the Revocoat new products out, that’s helped. We put together that heat map to try to give you an idea how we are doing in this regard. We’re growing in most of our businesses, but not all of them, but we certainly expect that our efforts will bear fruit going forward, and if you talk to anybody in our leadership team, they can describe the heat map in intricate detail. Everybody is totally focused on it.
Frank Sklarsky: P.J., the only thing I would add to that, I want to pick something that Vince said too is that there is pre-synergy and there is post-synergy multiple and as Michael said, there is a very disciplined process here, but when we evaluate each acquisition on its own merit, there is the headline price, but then there is a lot of sensitivity analysis that goes around the revenue CAGR as well as the synergies and I think one of the reasons that PPG has been kind of most successful than the average Fortune company in integrating acquisitions is the diligence around revenue and cost synergies. And if you look at the properties that we've acquired in the last few years, they've had an element of either a unique technology, unique customer base, but all have some kind of additional levers that we can get either by expanding the customer base globally or putting the technology as part of our overall portfolio. So it’s not just the initial multiple, we look at the whole resultant set of factors, including synergies and the multiple pre-and post.
Frank Sklarsky: I just think that the first section on the stranded costs. The stranded costs are relatively modest, because the business obviously separate from the coatings part of the portfolio, ran pretty much on its own. Of course, there were certain allocations that come out of the corporate group, but we've been obviously cognizant of this for some time and we have plans and we plan to execute plans so that the stranded costs do not become an overhang for the company. As Vince alluded to, as we get into 2017, it won't happen immediately because we go through the next several quarters, we have active plans we’ll be putting in place and specific initiatives to eliminate that what I’ll call it as a relatively modest stranded cost situations.
Frank Sklarsky: Jim, if you look prior quarters, we were up 1% to 2% fairly consistently. I do have to remind folks we had in Europe last year, so second quarter 2015 extremely favorable weather and this year we had the exact opposite. So if you said, what's the base growth rate for our business there, it would be low single digits. And we expect it to return there in the back half of the year. The only thing I would say to in organic growth and Michael mentioned this before is, it’s okay, it is fair to focus on things, we’re doing the architectural portfolio because we would have liked the topline to be a little more robust in the quarter, but there was significant momentum generated in the industrial and packaging business as well as really nice momentum in refinished aerospace and automotive OEM doing well in the vast majority of the globe. So - and that momentum should continue. If you look at the heat map, there are a few selected parts of the portfolio where, whether it’s a macro issue where we get a little bit of help and obviously a little bit of help from the weather in Europe going forward as well as some activities we’ve got going out on architectural Alaska. With those turning, you have the vast majority of portfolio on a pretty good path. And that's what we have confidence for the back half of the year and into ‘17 that we’ll get improvement in the organic growth rate overall.
Frank Sklarsky: I think Michael said in his prepared remarks, the point of sale sales were positive for our DIY customers.
Frank Sklarsky: Am I think it’s a great point Michael is just making in terms of the capital deployment that was required to get things in the shape we wanted to be in is behind us. And so the incremental profitability on the incremental investment is going to be very attractive.
Frank Sklarsky: Yes, John, we haven't made that decision yet, that is one of the scenarios we would certainly look at.
Frank Sklarsky: Year-over-year, that’s a comment on year-over-year, John, and we had exceptional growth last year in packaging Europe. So we’re starting to anniversary that growth. So we still have very good growth rates, but we're coming up against some harder comps. If you remember, Europe is the first region that converted to the newer technology. And some of that is actually good news and the fact that we’ve got some really good momentum in the industrial, but this is going to be and it looks very, very good in comparison, particularly as compared to last year's comps.
Frank Sklarsky: The other thing I would add to Nils is that, while it may be true that certain competitors are domiciled in jurisdictions that have very attractive debt rates, we have access to capital worldwide as evidenced by the fact we raised EUR1.2 billion last year at an average interest rate of 1.1%. So we have amplified our power, we have got a good credit rating, we have a solid balance sheet, access to all kinds of capital worldwide. Our primary consideration is getting a good return, good long-term return for our shareholders with high quality assets and both pre-and post-synergies. So that will be our primary consideration and criteria for when we do acquisitions. We don't want to just look at it, what might be opportunistic short-term, although we will look at any asset in our space along with the close adjacencies, but it’s that longer-term value creation that we are going to remain disciplined about.
Vince Morales: I agree with you, Jeff. It’s something we have a void going into next year due to the sale of these businesses. It’s not dissimilar to the void we had when we sold commodity chemicals and we feel in a constructive manner. Same void we had when we sold the Transitions Optical business and then again in the short period of time we were able to fill that. So we are aware of it and I think your numbers are reasonable and we’re working in it in a fashion to fill the void.
Vince Morales: And then Duffy, just let me reiterate what Michael said in his prepared remarks, we know the pace of decline in the independent dealer channel. We’re able to match that or actually exceed that with cost outs. So this remains a good return channel for us, the shareholder value creation channel, it’s going to be a long time before that channel evaporate. So we are pleased with the cash flow, it’s a low investment channel and again a channel we’re not displeased to part of.
Vince Morales: Dmitry, it’s Vince. We’ve been able to, in most quarters, compensate for the marine decline with protective growth around the world as we roll out different products. We weren't able to match that exactly this quarter for the first quarter quite some time, but we do think in Q3, we will go back to at least matching the decline in Marine with growth in protective.
Vince Morales: So P.J., first of all, as Michael mentioned, we've got to get the organic volumes up, which we intend to do to. So in Q3, that, we have a lot of laden capacity as we've talked about in terms of the ability to leverage our cost structure, I think, Frank has given you the number in the past of 30% to 40% in Europe, 20% to 25% incremental margins elsewhere in the world. We continue to work on self-help activities. That's been a hallmark of ours and we have more coming in the back half of the year based on our previous restructuring and as we talked several times on the call today, we’re going to redeploy or deploy cash and then accelerate our deployment of cash in the back half of the year. So those are the three pillars that I would tell you you're going to rely on to maintain good growth in our EPS.
Vince Morales: Well, we bought the business. If you remember, we bought the business at a very favorable purchase price in reflection of the state of the business. We have made significant improvements, we have reversed the negative trend - growth trend, we now have a positive growth trend in our business. The positive growth trend is not at market, but it’s closing the gap slowly as Michael mentioned, we’ve got a lot of time and attention put into that and we continue to make strides and we expect to fully close that gap overtime, but the purchase we did with the synergies we've been able to capture has been very accretive to our shareholders. So optically while the growth rate is not there, it's certainly been a shareholder enhancing transaction.
