Vince Morales: Thank you, Jasmine. Welcome, everybody. This is Vince Morales, PPG’s Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer. We appreciate your continued interest in PPG and welcome you to this teleconference to review our third quarter 2015 financial results. Joining me on the call today from PPG is Michael McGarry, President and Chief Executive Officer and Frank Sklarsky, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our comments relate to the financial information we released on Thursday, October 15, 2015. I will remind everybody that we posted detailed commentary and accompanying presentation slides on our Investor Center at ppg.com. The slides are also available on the webcast site for this call and they provide additional support to the opening comments Michael will make momentarily. Following Michael’s perspective on the company’s results for the quarter, we will move to the Q&A session. Both the prepared commentary and the discussion on the Q&A may contain forward-looking statements, reflecting the company’s current view of future events and their potential effect on PPG’s operating and financial performance. These statements may involve uncertainties and risks, which may cause actual results to differ. The company is under no obligation to provide subsequent updates to these forward-looking statements. This presentation also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The company has provided in the appendix of the presentation materials, which again are available in our website, reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. For any additional information, please refer to PPG’s filings with the SEC. And now, let me introduce PPG’s President and Chief Executive Officer, Michael McGarry.
Vince Morales: Again, I would say South America, about 3% of our sales. We have framed architectural Canada for you at about $500 million. Those will be the two very sensitive. If you combine Russia, Ukraine, Africa, you may be get another 2% or 3% max.
Vince Morales: No, Nils. I mean, we have said for many, many years that architectural typically tracks closer to GDP than anything. And there is a house build market and a house repaint market. The repaint market is typically 5 times to 6 times larger than the house build market. So, the repaint market is not trapped I guess in new home sales. And that’s the one that drives the volume at the end of the day.
Vince Morales: I just want to once again thank everybody for their time and interest in PPG. Both Scott Minder and myself will be available to take questions after the call. Thank you.
Michael McGarry: Sure. We can start with automotive as you know you saw that in China. The good news is in September you saw a little bit of an improvement there and the order book for August continues to look modestly better. You would also see some heavy-duty equipment being another area that continues to be a little bit weak. From a regional perspective, we see some – a little bit of uptick in Europe. And obviously the Latin America, particularly Brazil seems to be getting weaker instead of better. So overall, I think those would be some of our initial comments, David.
Michael McGarry: David, we have been very consistent. We have told you throughout the year that about a third of our raw materials are tied to oil. We get savings quicker on items closer to the oil well like solvents. We get those in 30 to 60 days, transportation typically 60 to 90 days. We typically work with our suppliers of both through the propylene and ethylene derivatives savings. And there is lag a little bit more in six months to nine months. We see more raw material deflation in 3Q than in 2Q. And we will continue to work with our suppliers to get further savings in 4Q and going forward.
Michael McGarry: Chris, what I would tell you is that we had a wet June and people were anticipating a stronger paint season. We have been very consistent in saying that we expected the paint season to be in that low single-digit range. I think our assessment has been relatively on target. So we saw the major retail folks both in the U.S. and Canada start to destock late in the third quarter. The good news is I will tell you that we think it’s transitory because as I look at our sales through the first 14 days of October, the sales are very consistent with what we saw in the fourth quarter of last year. So that leaves me to believe that this is transitory effect.
Michael McGarry: Well, I guess, Duffy, I would first say that it’s a difficult question to answer given that there is not a lot of industry data that you can rely on. So, I would say it’s conceivable that in the U.S. stores business, we might have ticked down a fraction. But certainly, I don’t feel that way in Canada. And we are gaining share in other places like Mexico. We are gaining share in Europe. We are gaining share – so I would tell you that since we run a global architectural business overall, net-net, we are doing pretty well.
Michael McGarry: Yes, Duffy, I would tell you that this has been a recent trend. We have been outperforming the industry for quite some period of time now. So, the industry was up 1% in Q3, we were up 5% in Q3. So again, we have significantly outpaced. We have told people that it’s not probable that we would outpace the industry for an extended period of time. At some point, you have to revert to the means, but our technology, we think is the best. Our technical service has certainly been outstanding. And we have been winning more than our fair share of new plants. So that’s good. And then ultimately, when they start to refurbish some of these older facilities and they want to save money and reduce the footprint size, this compact process will also be another winner. So, we think this is a long-term sustainable win for us going forward. Thanks to the outstanding work of our R&D team.
Michael McGarry: Yes, John, the way I would answer that is its too early for the multiples to come down to the last 30 or 60 days where you saw the stock market come down. Our pipeline still continues to look very good. We are active looking at a number of properties. And I see no difference in that regard versus what we have had in the past.
Michael McGarry: Alright. So, we will take the pricing one first. As you know, we have been telling you consistently that pricing, our model shows pricing flat for the year. We still see that happening. And if you are thinking about next year, we’ll see pricing flat pretty much into next year as well. As far as why we think it’s a transitory effect on inventory, not only have we looked at our own inventories, but we have also obviously talked to our customers. And they are also of that same opinion. So, I think that’s a way to think about it besides just the fact that we are looking at our order book and it was broad. I won’t say all, but I will say it was very broad.
Michael McGarry: And all I will add to that is the fact that if you look at where we started the quarter and we ended the quarter, we obviously picked up a couple of $100 million, over $200 million in cash balance and that’s a combination of the earnings and then take off of that obviously, CapEx, our acquisition spending, but also a good performance on working capital as we continued to work on collecting past due receivables as well as some initiatives we have around bringing inventories down. So still very diligent over managing the cash flow and as a result, we have a pretty decent Q3 in that respect.
Michael McGarry: Yes. So Frank, let me give you a couple of things as I go about here. And I will start with the automotive side because there seems to be a lot of concern about the automotive piece. As you know, they have reduced the tax on small engines in China and they announced that tax rate in September. And that took effect October 1. And so it was not being inconceivable that people deferred purchases of small cars because you know that the tax rate was going to drop from 10% to 5% on October 1. So we saw September sales in China were actually up about, I think 3% if I remember right. And in October, we have a pretty good view of what’s happening with our customers. Our order book looked pretty much just in time delivery. And we are seeing moderately improved deliveries to our customers. Of course, we are performing better than the industry. So we are still expecting automotive sales in China to be up modestly in that 1% to 3% kind of range. If you look at our other businesses, there was some initial destocking after the Tianjin “explosion”. Most of that has worked its way through the system now because what happened is people were concerned about holding inventory for things like marine coatings, refinished coatings, all that has been moderated. And we see those order books continuing to get better. So I would tell you that starting mid-September, we started to see that improvement and it’s continued in early part of October.
Michael McGarry: Frank, let me clarify. I said yet. The acquisitions hadn’t yet reflected that. So let’s be clear on that. Secondly, we have always said that acquisitions are always preferred. They are more accretive than buying back our stock. So that’s always our first preference. But we are going to protect the shareholders value. And if we don’t see the acquisitions coming through, then we will take that money and buyback the stock. So we want to continue to do both and our first preference is always acquisitions.
Michael McGarry: Arun, I would tell you that we are expecting continued organic growth. Let me give you some reasons why we believe that. First of all, as you know we sold our one glass facility and that was in – in the end of the third quarter last year. So you will start to see that as a positive. Comex will then flip from an acquisition to organic growth in the fourth quarter. We close on that in November. We continue to see positive growth in our automotive business. Packaging continues to do well. Our refinished business with the water-based technology continues to grow and that’s a slower growth given the fact that that’s volume challenged market with the new technology out there. But we are continuing to grow in that regard. And the one area that I would say is still a question mark is where we are in the cycle is heavy-duty equipment, it’s been down. I would expect that to at some point reach the bottom. And then that would start to turn. And we talked about packaging being very good as well. So I think overall, you are going to see a return to more organic growth.
Michael McGarry: Yes. So we will start first of all with the automotive business. As you know, sales have been better than builds. And that’s obviously a good thing going forward. We are also seeing a pickup in a number of countries. Southern Europe is obviously coming off a very low base. But it’s getting better as well. And then we saw a pickup in our architectural business in the Benelux. And of course, we have always seeing good growth in Germany as well as the UK. And although the Eastern European region has been a little choppy mostly up, that’s been good. The only one that’s really down of course is Russia. Russia continues to be down nearly 30% in a number of segments. So that economy is clearly challenge. And then we have been gaining share in the protective market in Europe as well. So that’s been a positive force all along. And then the last thing I would say is that our – we are building a new silica plant in Europe and that facility will be starting up. And we have a very good demand for the new products, industry leading new technology coming out of that facility.
Michael McGarry: And I guess, Arun, this is Michael. The one thing I would add at the end is France. France is still a challenge market for us. But at some point, we do feel confident that’s going to have to turn around. And so I would tell you that’s probably why we are more optimistic when you put all these things together.
Michael McGarry: Yes. Same-store sales were modestly negative. We have come off of a, I don’t know, 7 or 8 positive comps in a row, including Q1, Q2 of this year. Most of that was Canada. We have talked about the modest paint season. And then I would remind you that our PMC, most of our PMC in North America runs through our stores. As you know, the oil business has been certainly under a lot of pressure. And so that’s the way I would characterize that.
Michael McGarry: I think that’s a little early to answer that question. I think the way to think about it is we have major shared service facilities in Europe and Asia. Now with the Comex one, we will be able to add additional one in Latin America. We are starting up. We have put in a new resin facility in Brazil. We have a new facility that we expanded actually in China. So, that will drive lower cost in our automotive and industrial businesses there. And then we are also moving more of our production in Europe from West to East. So that will add additional benefits. So, I think that’s the way I would get you to kind of frame your question.
Michael McGarry: Okay. North American architectural, I would say that we are going to probably have the same opinion we had this year, which is low single-digits growth for that business. So, we are going to continue to stay there. Automotive, it continues to be a very strong market for us. That’s been a good one. Our refinish business in North America, we are gaining share with our water-based technology. That’s a positive. Aerospace has been moderating growth, but continues – we continue to get new content on the planes and with the acquisitions that we have added that Cuming Microwave would be one. That would be another positive. When you move to Europe, I would tell you that again I would say that it’s probably going to be modest in that low single-digits kind of range. We continue to do well in our automotive space there. Our packaging space continues to pick up business. So, that’s good for us. When you look at some of the other businesses, probably the bright spot is our protective business. We have a new industry leading technology on fire protection that has really done very well. On the negative side, obviously, you have – you are still going to have the challenges in Russia. We don’t see that going away moving to South America. As Vince mentioned earlier, we see that probably bottoming out. So, we don’t – we are not really excited about what we see down in Brazil, but we are aggressively taking cost out in Brazil. So, it’s not going to be a negative from that kind of standpoint. And then moving over to Asia, Southeast Asia has performed okay. India has been really solid. I would say they are in that 6%. So, if you ask what has the highest growth in Asia right now? It’s India. And then we still remain – because our business in China is predominantly for consumer-oriented stuff stays and what we make in China stays in China, it’s not for the export market. So, we are optimistic that China will continue to resume its growth. We know the Chinese government is very interested in the economy growing. They are taking a lot of right moves to have the economy growth. And we have benefited that it’s been one of our best markets and we expect that to continue to do well going forward.
Michael McGarry: Well, the BPA non-intent win started in Europe. They have continued into the U.S. As you know or you may know, California has this proposition 65 out there. They have not taken a firm position yet. But our guess is that our folks in the U.S. will be much more interested in the BPA non-intent coatings going forward. So, that trend will accelerate. And as you know, we only had 3% market share inside the can. And so since this is a once in a generation or multi-generation for some of these things opportunity, we are going to be at a higher presence inside the can than we have ever been in the past. So, that would be a positive for us overall.
Michael McGarry: On a month-by month basis I would tell you that we started to see the destocking start in August and by the middle to the end of September it was over. So that's the way I would think about that.
Michael McGarry: Actually, in the dedicated paint stores, it was pretty, I would say consistent through the quarter. Although near the end of September, our comps were marginally better than what they were earlier in the quarter. And then they have started to be in October as I mentioned, virtually identical to what we had in the 4Q of last year.
Michael McGarry: Don, I would tell you that we are going to continue to work with our suppliers to pull through the savings. And so I would say it’s going to be modest. Our goal here is to continue to pull those through. We still see weakness in the TiO2 market. We still think it’s oversupplied. And then clearly, we haven’t talked about Henan Billions. Yet surprisingly, we have made it 55 minutes in the call and not one question about it. So I will go ahead and since everybody is interested and tell you that the first set of samples we got from the particle size was too large. The second set of samples we got from them were too small, so now they are dialing it in. We expect to be buying commercial quantities of TiO2 from Henan Billions sometime late in the fourth quarter. So overall, I would tell you we are still feeling like there is more savings to come. Plus, as you know we will have incremental restructuring savings in predominantly Europe but also Brazil and Australia from our restructuring program. That incrementally, throughout the year, will add up to about $60 million to $75 million. Obviously, it accelerates as it goes throughout the year 2016. But that will be another positive.
Michael McGarry: Yes. Commercial construction is obviously more important to our glass business than it is to our coatings business. Commercial construction has been slightly better. What the challenge there is actually the fabricators who make fabricate glass window units are, I would call them full. They are – their backlog on fabricated units continues to be 6, 8, 10 weeks. So that’s been a challenge for the market. I would tell you that our glass business, as you can see has done pretty well. We have gotten price. We already had two price increases in that business this year. So that’s been a positive. And we continue to expect improvement again next year.
Michael McGarry: Architectural coatings were flat in Europe. And of course that varied. And also up in the UK, up in the Benelux, down in France, mostly up in Eastern Europe but not every Eastern European country was up, so net-net flat because France is our largest architectural coatings market.
Michael McGarry: Yes. Kevin, I do believe that’s going to happen. We closed LJF on October 1. We had four acquisitions that basically closed in the third quarter plus we will have Comex that flips into the organic side. So I think that’s all positive.
Michael McGarry: Well, Dmitry the sales to the customer decline in June, July, August and then turned back positive in December. They were up 3%. Builds inventories were coming down in that same period. Right now, inventory is basically at the same level it was last year. So they are in very good shape from that standpoint. We think they are about a little bit over 40 days, which is typical for them. And then right now, as I mentioned earlier on the call the October sales are trending up. We basically supply in real time. We get orders, let’s call them 28 days in advance of what I would call a pre-look and then they are firmed up 14 days in advance. So right now, we have a pretty good feel for how October is going to turn out. And I think overall, we would tell you that it should be marginally up.
Michael McGarry: Well, as we said, we expected modest benefit with the benefit to grow throughout the year. We are seeing that in our numbers. As we said in the past, the benefit is muted in non-U.S. region simply because oil is traded in dollars around the world. So, when you go to Europe or you go to some of these emerging markets, the currency deltas have eaten into most of the raw material impact. So again, we are pulling this through our value chain. We feel we are doing a good job at it. We do have another quarter here to go and we are certainly talking to our suppliers on a daily basis.
Michael McGarry: The other thing we would mention though is that where you do see a bit of a headwind on raw materials because of the exchange rate is places like Brazil, really the small percentage of our revenue in Canada, because the exchange does cause some of those U.S. dollar based inputs to be a little bit higher.
Michael McGarry: Dmitry, I really don’t want to get into parsing each of the different businesses, because we roll out new products and we have older products. What we have been consistent in saying is that the pricing environment is flat and we expect that to continue.
Frank Sklarsky: Duffy, if you go to some other markets outside of architectural, you will see auto is up versus the industry, packaging, we believe is up versus the industry, and we think our protective business is up versus the industry although the other side of that coin is marine. And marine for the industry is down and we are managing the declines with the industry.
Frank Sklarsky: No, John, Comex has performed very well all year, very consistent at the at market sales. What we do see with Comex is the peso devalued 20% plus and so that’s been taking away some of the top line. We have made up for that with growth in both at market as well as new concessionaire store openings.
Frank Sklarsky: And P.J., you may have missed earlier, but Michael mentioned that the first two weeks of October, our order patterns are consistent with that same time period last year.
Frank Sklarsky: So for us, just to frame this for everybody, we purchased – when we purchased the AkzoNobel North American business in 2013, we acquired the number one position in the country of Canada. At that time, we said the business was roughly $500 million and a very concentrated paint season just from a weather perspective. And that business was down similar to what you are seeing the total segment – total architectural business be down, so high-single, low double-digit range. And that’s more structural, P.J., we do see weakening in the Canadian economy.
Frank Sklarsky: Yes. First of all, let’s take the various categories. And if you look at corporate cost, it’s correct to say corporate costs went down by about $20 million. And the majority of that was stock-based compensation obviously reflecting the equity markets. And that will – it includes both the Q3 effect and the catch-up from the first half. That won’t really repeat in the fourth quarter. And I would suspect that, that corporate cost line will be back up in the $50 million to $55 million range versus the low $35 million that you saw in the quarter. What you are correct in saying that there is a currency benefit to our cost structure in total that applies to both COGS and SG&A around the world. So, what we said was while currency impacted the top line by $310 million in the quarter and impacted the bottom line by about – the operating income line by about $45 million in the quarter, we expect that overall currency impact in the fourth quarter will be less than that, but at today’s rates, about $250 million in the top line and about 10% of that on the operating income line. But in terms of we can’t really give you detail right now on the specific currency impact on every portion of the income statement, but that’s how I would frame it for Q3 and what we expect for Q4 as well as the corporate details.
Frank Sklarsky: So Jeff, as you know, we are a very early reporter. We do think that provides very quick transparency to our shareholders. We do file our Q within a week or so. And we have all those details. So I think the reason why just we would like to get the EBIT information, sales and EBIT information out as quick as possible.
Frank Sklarsky: You will see that when we file our Q very shortly, you will see all the details around that would rather wait until you get the whole statement before we dissect that.
Frank Sklarsky: Frank and I think it’s safe to assume that as we go through the fourth quarter, you can expect that we will continue to deploy cash in the quarter to either one or both of those initiatives as we did $900 million through the third quarter. So we are already on pace to exceed, have to midpoint by the end of this year, so all the more reason to raise that range. But we will continue to deploy cash in the quarter.
Frank Sklarsky: And the other thing going in our favor quite honestly is the fact that inventories in the system are at very reasonable levels, whether it’s the U.S. automotive business of 160 days at current sales rates. Packaging, as Michael said we will continue to pick up new business from our technology based offerings there. And then I mean in China, because of the recent production rates have been below recent sales rates, those inventories are coming back in line in the field too. So we don’t really have to go through anymore rationalization of inventories if things stayed reasonably healthy in the end markets that includes U.S. architectural.
Frank Sklarsky: And Arun, the one area we haven’t talked about previously in the call is South America. For us, it’s about 3% of our sales. We do see challenges in South America as Michael alluded to in his prepared remarks. We don’t see that returning to growth certainly in the near-term.
Frank Sklarsky: And of course, the Comex business is doing extremely well and then it will be translated to organic growth. For 2016, they continue to open stores at a very healthy pace. So that will also help us out in the organic growth rate.
Frank Sklarsky: Yes. Our goal on working capital obviously is to bring that down by 100 basis points a year. We have seen a little bit of slow pay recently, but we will get that back down by the end of the year. And we do have some relatively aggressive inventory goals for the teams. We are making great progress on that. But that would be our overall goal is to keep bringing that down by about 100 basis points. And it’s probably the largest opportunity in inventory by keep working on the receivables. Payables are in pretty decent shape. I was just going to add one more thing to what Michael was saying on the growth prospect for 2016. Remember, a lot of the acquisitions that we have done this year at $400 million worth of cash deployed in acquisitions, the revenue associated with that is only a small portion of what the full year impact is or will be for 2016, so in between $400 million and $500 million of revenue associated with acquisitions, excluding the base Comex business. That’s over and above the base Comex business. We will hit in full stride next year. And you can make any assumptions you like in terms of the profitability of those businesses, but that’s also going to be accretive to our top line along with the EBITDA that goes with that.
Frank Sklarsky: As Michael said, the pace of share repurchase, obviously depends upon the not only the pipeline of M&A, but also the timing of which you actually deploy and close the deals. I guess what we are saying is we are confident enough in the cash generating capability of the business and we are very comfortable upping the midpoint of that range so that we are now at $2 billion to $2.5 billion. And the fact that we have already kind of exceeded the pace of the prior range by the end of the third quarter and expect to continue to deploy cash in the fourth quarter. But as we lookout in 2016, we got a good pipeline of M&A. So the chances are we will be doing more deals next year and be supplementing it with share repurchases because we are starting of the year – we ended the third quarter with $1.4 billion of cash. Q4 is generally a good quarter for cash generation. And so we have the confidence that we will continue to deploy and we would earn value for the shareholders. And we will just continue that into next year and see where it goes. But we could do more share repurchase. Our preference is to do M&A. That will be the first priority. But you will see both of that as we go through the fourth quarter and more primarily, M&A in the 2016 timeframe.
Frank Sklarsky: No, Dmitry. We are very closely aligned because they did take inventory down. Have they not taken inventory down I think we would see that lag effect, but the industry took inventory down, commensurate with the sales decline in real time.
Frank Sklarsky: So, as Vince is saying here, as you see the raw material benefits come through, the pace of that may not change significantly going from Q3 to Q4 to Q1, but it will be more evident to the bottom line, because there will not be so much offset from a currency headwind as that mitigates starting in Q4 versus what we have seen is very high levels recently.
