Charles Bunch: Well, as we stated, David, volume growth has still been muted. We are still seeing positive growth across the regions and businesses, but as we've talked we have some uneven performance across both regions and businesses. So volume growth has not been as high as a full economic expansion would deliver. The raw material cost, as we've stated, are modestly lower than the previous year. So we're talking about low-to-mid single-digit decreases, depending on regions. And combined with other cost inflation and modest volume growth, we're seeing accretion in margins across all our segments. So we're pleased with the performance, but again we're looking for a little more consistent economic performance and currency stabilization to deliver higher volume growth as we go through the year.
Charles Bunch: Well, China, it's the largest automotive OEM market in the world. The builds are still expected to be over 20 million this year and have growth. We've seen over -- certainly the first quarter we were talking about 7%-plus kind of growth rates for the full year, and we saw that in the first quarter. We saw those growth rates moderate a little bit here, as we went through the second quarter. So now, as we look at some of the forecast for the full year, we're still looking for solid volume growth in builds in China, but more in the area of 3% to 5%, maybe not at that 7% level that we came into the year with. We continued, as you know, to outperform in terms of volume growth, and we're still optimistic globally on the automotive OEM market. We've seen a very solid performance here in North America, continued strength. And we are also seeing, especially in Western Europe as part of our EMEA region, we've seen a return to growth here in the first half. And we expect that trend to continue in the second half of this year. So we remain optimistic and quite positive on the global OEM automotive market, even if we have pockets out there like Brazil or Russia, where we've seen lower builds here in 2015.
Charles Bunch: Well, Frank, I'll take that, and I think one of the key indicators for growth in the automotive refinish business is miles driven. And so we had I think with these lower gasoline prices here and around the world, especially in North America, you are getting higher miles driven and that is helping this business. We also had some of this weather that, if we talk about it in the first quarter, we had severe winter; the second quarter some of this rainy weather, it will drive additional economic growth. And our business has continued to perform very well across all of the different distribution channels and collision shops. Our team, especially with the water-based technologies and those continuing conversion rates, where we feel that we have industry-leading technology, that continue to drive our growth in the business and help us maintain a leading position.
Charles Bunch: Well, we have, I would say, in this chart, if you look at the deceleration of some of the growth, I have mentioned a couple of the markets that were unfavorable. So all of South America, including Brazil, was unfavorable in terms of volume and several other emerging markets. And I gave the example of Russia, as an example, where we saw a contraction here in the first half of the year. I would say that our volumes in China and India continue to be positive. Although, we have seen with this discussion on automotive OEM and a few of the other industrial markets, we've seen positive volumes in China, but certainly not at the level that we had last year. So I would attribute this more to the negative growth in a couple of emerging regions, but China was also lower overall, especially on the industrial and construction related side.
Charles Bunch: Well, as we've talked, we're trying to make sure that we're getting the benefit of any raw material declines here in our coatings raw material space. As I mentioned, cost overall have come down in raw material cost. And we continue to have these dialogs, because as we went through the second quarter, what was happening is we had oil prices coming back up, as we started the second quarter and moved through. But recently over the last few weeks to a month, we've seen now those trends reversing. So we continue in active discussion with our raw material suppliers. We expect them to share that throughout their value or customer chain. So we're looking for benefits to continue and potentially get a little stronger, as we go into the second half of the year.
Charles Bunch: Sure. Let me just tackle Mexico. So the GDP in Mexico has decline moderately. It's closer to 2% range versus where they originally had it closer to 3%. Our business, as you saw in the commentary, growing high-single digits. We've opened up 80 new concessionaire locations already. For the first six months, we have a target to open up a 170 locations. So we are certainly growing quicker than the market. We've also launched some new products that we think will also be very favorably received in the marketplace. And then in Central America, we've launched Glidden in a number of locations in Central America that has also been favorably received. So we're happy with what we see there.
Charles Bunch: So the biggest challenge in Industrial is the heavy-duty equipment market. I think we called out that it's a down low-double digit, so that's a challenge. I would say the rest of the business is doing relatively well, but that's an area that we're paying close attention to.
Charles Bunch: Arun, the dealer channel is our smallest channel, so on a averaging affect it has the smallest impact on the total business.
Charles Bunch: General industrial I would call that relatively flat to no significant positives or negatives that I would call out.
Charles Bunch: I think from our perspective, we're trying to drive continuous improvement in all of our financial metrics. This year, unlike most years, we have a lot of puts and takes in our numbers. We have a very large acquisition. We have a lot of currency, differences on both sales, as well as cost of sales. You alluded to some changes in raw materials. So we've got a lot of puts and takes, so I don't know that in comparison year-over-year gets really difficult without each of those buckets. And we're not displeased with our performance. We'd certainly like to be as profitable as possible, but we do feel that we're executing very well operationally as well commercially on the sales front.
Charles Bunch: The other, as we talked in the release, Jeff, general industrial was much more benign this year than it was last year. And we did as we, this is a Q1 comp math, so we did have some architectural pipeline fills last year for new product wins last year that we're maintaining this year. But the pipeline fills or stocking for our customers did not recur.
Charles Bunch: I would say, the businesses are steady-state. There is still positive economic growth here. We have talked about some of the weakness in the overall market in architectural due to some weather events here in actually the first half, not just the rain in the second quarter, whereas most of the underlying economic indicators are still positives. So we have maintained a positive outlook for the second half of the year, and I think you'll see continued volume growth from last year in the U.S. and Canadian region.
Charles Bunch: Not as sensitive, John, to whether its paint is, you'd still put up glass in like all inclement weather.
Charles Bunch: Well, we've continued to do well in our regions here and in the greater Europe as well as Asia. I would say that either it is more overall market growth, which has continued. In Europe, especially in Western Europe, you've seen growth of what we would call some of our customer base, especially among a broader base of the European manufacturers than we have been seeing over the last few years, and we have a good exposure across all of the manufacturers in Europe. So we're seeing some improvement in some of those European based manufacturers, the French and Italian manufacturers in particular they've had a better performance. And in China, I would say, there we continue to win more than our share of new plant startups in China especially, and so that's where we've continued to outperform the market. And that is more technology driven. The new compact processes that we've talked about over the last few years. The Chinese market both the domestic manufacturers and the global manufacturers in China are starting new plans with the most modern technologies of today. And this is where we are best positioned.
Charles Bunch: We also did see a decent growth in Asia-Pacific region aerospace in the second quarter. In addition to that, one of the things that's up-up, continued to drive outperform are some of the new technologies that we are deploying out to some of the major aircraft manufacturers.
Charles Bunch: We continue to focus in on a couple of key areas. One, past-due receivables, we're making some good progress there, but more importantly in the area of supply chain efficiency and inventories. However, we saw several days improvement on the Performance Coatings space in the first half. And we have some additional improvements that we have targeted for the back half of the year. So I think it's safe to assume that we'll continue progress that we've made I think in the back half of the year. And expect that to continue, to improve, because we still know there's a little bit more in terms of number of days in the cash conversion cycle that we can improve on as compared to peer group. Jim, we've had consecutive years of 100 basis point improvement in our operating working capital. And that's our target again this year. We're made some improvement, but we're not where we want to be by yearend.
Charles Bunch: Well, we have -- from an FX perspective we had $40 million of negative EBIT in the quarter, pre-tax EBIT. And most of that's going to be in the COGS line. There's some offset in the G&A line within the regions, but since we make most of the product where we deliver it, the vast majority of that impact, that $40 million to the bottomline is going to be in the COGS.
Charles Bunch: Well, I would say that the purchase multiples for our deals, they do vary depending on growth rates, region, performance of the business. I would say that on average, this year we have not paid at the same level as we paid last year. As an example, we did pay as you know the announced multiple of around 11 for Comex pre-synergies. And these are smaller deals in various regions. So I would say the multiples are around the same over the last 18 moths or so. I think it's again somewhat dependent on where we finished, I mean, the types of deals and what are the quality and the size of the businesses.
Charles Bunch: And just as a reminder for everybody, the seasonality of the Comex business, architectural Comex business, is a little different than the seasonality of our U.S. and Canadian businesses. For us, what we said is, Comex is about 20% in Q1, 25% in Q2 Q3 and 30% in Q4 in terms of their sales phasing. And that again is different than U.S./Canada business and Western European business we have.
Charles Bunch: Coatings end-markets, heavy-duty equipment in our industrial business was down, as we alluded to. Electronics, again, in our general industrial business was flattish. Those would be two markets that were on kind of the weaker side of the spectrum.
Charles Bunch: I think for the full year we're looking at mid-single digit, so certainly down from 7 right now. 3 to 5 for the year we think is good. And we've seen a few blips in Chinese market over the last few years, but we think it will still be positive for this year.
Charles Bunch: Well, I would say, on balance it's slightly better. It is better in automotive OEM and actually there was some improvement in automotive refinish. It's the construction markets, especially the big one we have in France have really not started to move. So I guess maybe that's meeting our expectations. But net-net I would say the automotive business is a little bit better. And as we've seen here in the recovery in North America since the great recession, it was really led by the automotive business. So now I'm a little more positive, as they have a weaker currency, lower oil prices, a lot of quantitative easing. So we're net-net more optimistic about Europe. But the businesses we're seeing the most tangible improvement are the automotive.
Charles Bunch: We'll, certainly, I can add that we don't anticipate that we will keep all of the benefits. And typically as we've discussed whether prices on the way up or on the way down, we usually wait for a quarter or two as these things settle out, and we fully realize either the impact of raw materials on up or downside. And those are usually shared through the value chain or supply chain with our customers. So we're in regular dialog now with the suppliers and with the customers. So we do not expect that we would keep all of the benefits from a raw material changes.
Charles Bunch: We had in our presentation materials, total for the year about $160 million with about $90 million in Q2.
Charles Bunch: Dmitry, just to make sure, I want to make sure I spoke correctly. So our cap spending year-to-date was $160 million.
Charles Bunch: I just want to make sure of that. I apologize for interrupting you. I want to make sure that was clear. But in terms of our driving incremental margin profitability, I think we continue to look for ways to be aggressive with our cost. We continue to identify opportunity as we integrate these acquisitions, and we're typically bringing in lower than our operating margin or EBIT margin. And we continue to look for synergistic opportunities across our portfolio of businesses in terms of sales. So those are all -- again, we do have a challenging environment in certain markets, but we typically look for other opportunities to make sure we're maximizing our profitability with things we control. And again, along with the working capital improvement, there are also efforts underway to improve the efficiency of the supply chain. So the supply chain efficiency, there is manufacturing productivity, there is SG&A improvement associated with the restructuring program as well as the volume leverage we get from any incremental volume.
Charles Bunch: Well, Dmitry, you've been breaking up a little bit on the connection here. But I'd say, we feel here, we talked maybe with a question from Bob Reitzes we talked about Europe being a little bit better than our expectations, especially in automotive. Here in North America, we do feel I think about the same in terms of the positive outlooks that we're seeing in automotive and the construction markets. As weather held that back we're looking at maybe some interest rate increases, the impact of the strong dollar and the weakness in the oil and gas sector here in the North America. I think overall it's probably helping us a little on the raw material side. But I would say North America is certainly not exceeding the expectations that we went into the year with some areas a little bit better. So I'd say, it's consistent, but I would say that, we, and I, in particular, probably felt that lower oil and gasoline prices were going to be more of a stimulant for the economy. And I think we've seen a little bit of improvement in consumer confidence, but I wouldn't say from a retail sales level or other areas of GDP and we've seen an out performance as a result of lower oil and gasoline prices. So I would say, it's about where do we thought it would be.
Michael McGarry: First of all, appreciated. Second, Chuck is not going anywhere. So don't be so quick about that comment. I would tell you that overall the performance in architectural, you saw our comments about low-single digits. We do have some impact from weather, it would be highly speculative for us to try and tell you how much that was. We were pleased. Our DIY business did have a good quarter. And I would tell you that, at this point, hopefully things from a weather standpoint will get better. But we do run a global architectural business, and I tell our team, whether you might have challenges in one area, you probably have opportunities in the other. So all-in-all, I'm pleased.
Michael McGarry: And Bob, our selling prices to our customers, as you saw in our presentation materials, we've had flat selling prices, which was our base case coming into the year. There wasn't much on the way, either side of that for any big customer group or any big business differential. So flat pricing is what we predicted, and it's pretty holistic through our portfolio.
Michael McGarry: Our packaging business continues to accelerate with wins both in the U.S. as well as Europe. And it's being driven by our new technologies or our BPA-free technologies. And the customers are quite pleased with the new technology as we roll it out.
Michael McGarry: PJ, as you know, it's difficult for us to comment about a specific customer like that. We did call out that we had positive low-single digit comps in DIY segment. We have very strong relationships with all our DIY customers, and I would say there were no surprises in the second quarter.
Michael McGarry: I'm not sure where that's originating. I'll just tell what we know. The plant is mechanically complete. All phases of the plant have been operational. We have samples from the plant, and both in China as well as in the U.S. We are fully working with them. We think the plant will be producing regular commercial grades sometime late in the second half of the year, and I would tell you we're on target with everything we've projected so far.
Michael McGarry: Arun, I would tell you that our stores were in the low-single digits. The dealers in the first quarter were up and in the second quarter were slightly down. So through the first six months, the dealers are actually positive. We're doing slightly better than that in Canada. And I would just say that we certainly don't want to spend a lot of time talking about the weather, but it certainly was not helpful at all.
Michael McGarry: So starting with architectural, France is our largest market, so our retail business in France has now positive comps. However, our larger trade business has negative comps, but much less, so it's getting back almost near flat now. Strong performance in the U.K. and Ireland, and although the Benelux was flat in Q2, we did see a noticeable pickups earning in late May. So I would say that's good. Central Europe was also had solid growth. As far as the industrial businesses, we've already talked about automotive doing better than the builds. So that was the positive comp force.
Michael McGarry: On the protective side, yes, there is more wins on the protective side than the marine side, but our China business did very well on the marine side, so a nice win there. Overall, in the U.S. and Canada, good strong wins on the protective side. Also, I would tell you we have launched a number of new, what we call advantage products, and fire protection, as well as we did the Hi-Temp Coatings acquisition earlier this year, that has also driven some growth. We've been able to leverage that globally as well. And so overall, even though the oil business is down, net-net we are up in that segment, so we're pleased with how we're performing in that regard.
Michael McGarry: I don't think that's going to have a material impact. Certainly, the general aviation market isn't help by the challenges in Russia or China; two markets that we're starting to emerge to buy general aviation planes. But overall, the aviation industry is doing quite well. In fact, they're returning their cost to capital. Right now, their profitability is up and people are traveling. So I would say that it's not going to be a material impact.
Michael McGarry: And I would add for a final comment that we do another acquisition that closed July 1, Cuming Microwave. It's a business does classified defense products for radar-evading for both airplanes and as well as land vehicles. And that would be a contributor to the business in the third quarter as well.
Michael McGarry: And on your raw material question, I think Chuck mentioned earlier that we saw some benefit in Q1. That benefit expanded a little bit in Q2, and we expect a modestly improved benefit in Q3 and Q4.
Michael McGarry: Yes, certainly, the oil market is softer, but the beauty is that we've been able to capture share in that segment, and that has been a positive for us overall. We do see oil weakness in Columbia, Mexico, Russia, some other places as well, but net-net this has been a good market for us.
Michael McGarry: I would tell you that historically what we told, we will grow 1.5x and 2x GDP. We are outperforming that right now. I'm comfortable that the team will continue to perform at the upper end of that guidance.
Michael McGarry: Every one of our businesses was up in mid-to-high single digits. Every one of them feed into packaging in the market.
Michael McGarry: It will still be a headwind in absolute terms on a year-over-year basis, but less so than it was in Q2. So Q2 is the peak headwind, Q3 a less so, and Q4 will be less so, just based on the sequential year-over-year comparisons based on the euro. And of course, that also depends on the fact that currency stay by where they were or they are now. If it continues too weaken significantly, it will be more of a headwind. But we still think that overall Q2 will be a peak quarter and it will improve sequentially after that.
Michael McGarry: Again, Dmitry, our raw materials are down modestly, low-single digits, so just to be clear on that number.
Frank Sklarsky: And Nils, the only thing I would add to that is Europe also had a decent performance. There is some additional dry-dock work taking place in some of the ports in Europe, so that had some sequential and year-over-year improvement too.
Frank Sklarsky: We still want to maintain that guidance of $1.5 billion to $2.5 billion for 2015 and 2016 combined. I guess, what we would say is we've closed or announced $400 million in acquisition so far, there's still additional pipeline there, so I anticipate more activity over the next 18 months. I've done $350 million of share repurchase, so as you say, kind of closed, announced or repurchased $750 million, the guidance we would give is, the overall guidance is still in place, what we would have expected that at a minimum to achieve at least that midpoint of that guidance for the two-year period, so we're very comfortable with where we are. Continued good pipeline in the M&A space and also that share of purchase will continue to be part of our capital cash allocation strategy, so we're pretty comfortable with the guidance and off to a good start on that.
Frank Sklarsky: There are variety of opportunities across the regions and across our portfolios as you can see with some of the things we did, the closed or announced so far this year, it runs the gamut between our various businesses and its taken place in a couple of different region, so we have a pipeline that really spans the globe and spans the different segments.
Frank Sklarsky: And I think if you look at the, what we call, our EBIT margins, EBITDA margin as we all refer to it for the business overall, we'd like to focus on that ROS, that business operating ROS. And if you look at it that way, we're over 150 basis points better Q2 over Q2. It's really a combination of a number of factors, whether it'd be all the inputs and the cost of goods sold, some favorable, and of course, we do have some annual modest improvements in salary and in wages across the globe. So good manufacturing, productivity improvement, G&A improvements, some benefits from the acquisitions that we've done, as well as some currency headwinds that Vince referred to. But overall, when you look at the overall ROS for the business, a nice improvement, and there are some puts and takes between COGS and SG&A, but on balance pretty pleased with the improvement.
Frank Sklarsky: I think, Jeff, you have a continued improvement of automotive OEM, but not at the same acceleration. It continues to be positive. So that is one of the businesses continued growing, but not at overall 5% level.
Frank Sklarsky: Remember, Jeff, there is one other minor factor too, and it's in the Glass business, which is impacting that 1% of that effectively, sold our Mt. Zion facility, whereas you can see that the mix is greatly improving our business. So even though the volume and the topline is lower in that business, the profitability is greatly improved. So yes, that was not a huge factor, but a factor contributing to that year-over-year change in the growth rate.
Frank Sklarsky: Well, again, we're running at decent utilization levels, so profitability greatly improved; one plant coming out of the system, mix is improved, and as with commercial construction still not at back to levels pre-financial crisis. So very optimistic about the way that this looks for the rest of the year and looking forward, if we can get continued improvement on the commercial side that business will continue to perform well. Not as sensitive -- 
Frank Sklarsky: I mean, that's under the assumptions that the rate stay where they were at the end of Q2. They weakened a little bit this morning based on some of the news out of Europe. But under the assumption that they stay where they are, we expect sequentially an improvement both in Q3 and Q4.
Frank Sklarsky: We're still holding to the general guideline that incrementals on European volume in the 30% to 40% range. That's really because of plenty of headroom in terms of the manufacturing capacity, and not only steady, but generally reduced SG&A as we complete our restructuring program around the globe. So that 30%, 40% is still a pretty good rule of thumb.
Frank Sklarsky: And there are other factors that go into our pricing too, like different kinds of value-added formulations, new products for our customers as well as there are other cost inputs associated with labor and other non-labor items. So overall, as Vince said before, a flattish environment overall for pricing, that was the case in the previous couple of quarters. We expect that for the rest of this year and probably into first half of next year.
