Vince Morales: Thank you, Jackie, and good afternoon, everyone. Once again, this is Vince Morales, Vice President of Investor Relations. We appreciate your continued interest in PPG Industries and welcome you to this teleconference to review PPG’s second quarter 2014 financial results. Joining me on the call today is Chuck Bunch, PPG’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Michael McGarry, PPG’s Chief Operating Officer; and Frank Sklarsky, PPG’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our comments relate to the financial information released on Thursday, July 17, 2014. I will remind everyone that we posted detailed commentary and accompanying presentation slides on our Investor Center at our website ppg.com. The slides are also available on the webcast site for this call and provide additional support to the opening remarks Chuck will make momentarily. Following Chuck’s perspective on the company’s results for the quarter, we will move to the Q&A session. Both the prepared commentary, discussion and Q&A on this call may contain forward-looking statements, reflecting the company’s current view of future events and their potential effect on PPG’s operating and financial performance. These statements involve uncertainties and risks, which may cause actual results to differ. The company is under no obligation to provide subsequent updates to these forward-looking statements. Today’s presentation also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The company has provided in the presentation appendix, reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. For additional information, please refer to PPG’s filings with the SEC. And now, let me introduce PPG’s Chairman and CEO, Chuck Bunch.
Vince Morales: Hey, Frank, this is Vince. You are talking I think about our glass segment, we have some planned maintenance and repair work coming in to the year as we communicated in the fourth quarter. In total, for the first half, it was about $17 million of year-over-year delta in terms of costs. For the back half of the year, we expect the year-over-year delta to be negligible.
Vince Morales: John, this is Vince. As you know our portfolio is a bunch of different businesses and I certainly agree with your comments that we will start to anniversary some of the acquisition synergies. But if you remember last year, first half Europe was very week. We still have a lot of recovery growth left in Europe in our opinion. We still – we are battling all of last year as we pointed out earlier, tough marine market and a sluggish commercial construction market and we still have those tailwinds coming. And so there is still I think – and we still have cash deployment as another avenue as we get later in this year certainly as four to six months from now when we close Comex. So I still think there is a lot of opportunities to continue this trend up to some degree.
Vince Morales: Yes. There is the Homax one closed just after the beginning of the third quarter. So there will be more money that will have gone out at that time at which, for the sales which are included in that $75 million.
Vince Morales: We said in our prepared remarks and we see that trend, it’s very early obviously in the quarter, but we actually have volume growth in almost every business in Q2. And that wasn’t the case in 1Q. So again, we think the general recovery again still modest in early innings, but we do think it’s broadening.
Vince Morales: This is Vince. We had only a partial quarter of those products. The products are being set throughout the quarter, so we didn’t have a full benefit in the quarter.
Vince Morales: Nils, this is Vince. We don’t particularly talk about any specific targets. We do think coatings pace is as our portfolio changes have occurred over the last decade indicate, remains a very, very good space. There are small, medium, and in some cases large competitors out there, potential targets for us. So yes, I think we expect to continue to consolidate space over the next couple of years. And one of the benefits of the coatings industry is the amount of free cash flow we have. And again, we would use that again for quite some time to grow inorganically.
Vince Morales: Yes. James this is Vince. We enacted pricing in the first quarter in anticipation of what we were seeing in transportation markets somewhat on the weak retail wage side. We are complete in terms of cost versus price at this point. And so we don’t expect much more inflation more than we have today in those two buckets. And we have modest targeted pricing but not material for the segment overall in the back half of the year.
Vince Morales: No, I think we still have – we have obviously over the past couple of years expanded or exploded to the U.S. commercial construction market, residential construction market. But we still have a close link to global IP, so I think the relationship you mentioned still exist.
Vince Morales: I just want to get in and thank everybody for their time and interest in PPG. As is customary, I will be available today, tomorrow and next week for any follow-up questions you may have. Thank you.
Chuck Bunch: Well, as you know the first quarter, especially here in North America was weak due to the harsh winter. We came into April I think still without the momentum that we had seen last year in some of our major businesses and construction-related businesses in particular. You had later Easter, you had fewer selling days earlier in the month, and I think as we saw the weather improve over all of the geographies here in North America. And I think in Europe, we had what I would call regular weather patterns, so that we felt that by the second half of the second quarter, so the last month in particular, we saw lot of momentum building especially in the construction markets, but you saw it also in the automotive sales and we had a number of new programs that were started in the back half of the second quarter. So, I would say that there were some seasonal or weather-related events, but also I think some of PPG’s programs were ticking in as the quarter progressed.
Chuck Bunch: Yes. As we have discussed before, our automotive OEM business has a lot of momentum. Two of the key drivers have been on the technology side both our new generation-seven electrodeposition coatings and we are getting an adoption rate that is accelerating on a global basis. And as the industry has continued to globalize, we are seeing adoption rates faster at our customers from new technology. The other new technology for OEM automotive coatings is the new B1:B2 PPG compact process. We are also getting very good success rates as this technology moves into brand new of automotive assembly plants. I think what we have seen over the last few years we were introducing the technology, but it really paid off best in brand new assembly plants where you could design the coatings systems, the ovens, the electrodeposition coatings around this new technology. So we have seen an acceleration of the adoption of those two technologies B1:B2 Compact Process or the top coat systems. So I would say that has caused some of the acceleration in our volume growth for PPG. We are also very well positioned with some of the companies that have been growing fastest on a global basis. So if you look at our new products and we are trying to have over 30% new products on a five year rolling basis and we are certainly ahead of that phase in the automotive OEM business.
Chuck Bunch: At this point we have considered those businesses less core for PPG, but still strategically important. We think that we have more to do in those businesses. We have continued to invest in them. We think there are good opportunities with the market recoveries and some of the regional growth to improve the performance. And as you have noted we have been quite busy with our portfolio actions in last year and this year commodity chemicals, the transitions optical business, these big acquisitions. So we are aware of our performance in that business and the opportunities to improve and at this point we have no further news to report.
Chuck Bunch: Well, I would say Duffy that first of all we are seeing volume improvement in refinish here in North America as we come out of the winter. And we have also seen a modest pickup in Europe in our refinish business and the business in Asia-Pacific also continues to grow. So I think we are pleased to see continued growth, top line growth on the refinish side. Here in the North America or even globally with some of the – we have seen the competitors remain fairly similar in terms of the players competing in the market. We do not have however with this business let’s say is up to – as up-to-date volume and share information. It usually takes us a little longer in this segment because the publicly available data is not always correct. I would say that we have seen somewhat of a stable share situation from our perspective. There is movement within the market between the large multi-shop operators and some of the smaller ones. So we are seeing some consolidation there in terms of the Bodyshop network. So there are continuing consolidation trends globally in the downstream portion of the refinish or automotive collision markets. But I would say it’s too early to really say that there have been any significant share shifts regionally or globally.
Chuck Bunch: John, I would say that here in the second quarter, we had still modestly negative volumes in protective and marine. The marine business, notably in China and Korea, has been continuing to weaken, but at improving trends, let’s call it. And if you look at new order bookings for us, we are now we think we have turned a corner in terms of volume growth in the business trending with this order book improvement. So, I would say by the end of this year and certainly the first quarter of next year, you are going to see these new bookings showing up on our sales top line for the business.
Chuck Bunch: Kevin, I would say that we are – we look at the trends as very flat right now. So, for TiO2 we didn’t see much movement between the first and second quarter and we are really not anticipating for TiO2 any movements up. For some of our emulsions, we are seeing also similar trends of little to know inflation. There is some noise around vinyl acetate monomer, but at this point, I would say that they are not strong. So, as we have commented earlier, low single-digit kind of inflationary pressure on raw materials and that would include natural gas that is up from last year although stable right now. We have a few other inflationary costs out there such as transportation, but right now, we see trends in the second half for raw materials and other costs, low single-digits.
Chuck Bunch: We have been seeing an improving trend as we went through the second quarter. We didn’t see as much in the first quarter. And as we look at a couple of our businesses the touch commercial construction, including the flat glass business that really reported in the second quarter the best volumes that they have seen for their business since 2007 and there are a commercial construction business, although they also saw some improvement on the residential side. I would say overall in our other businesses that touch commercial construction here, we are seeing good improvement but it was – it came later in the second quarter. But we are seeing very positive trend, so we are optimistic that these will continue in the second half of the year.
Chuck Bunch: Well, we track these things on a daily and weekly basis too. I would say that typically you don’t see that much variability around these normally seasonal trends. But I would say this year especially here in North America, the season just started coming a little later than usual. And although we said that the first quarter was notably weaker because of the weather, we still saw that continuing. We have a bigger share now up in Canada, which had some of these same seasonal trends. So we were encouraged because we came into the year saying, hey the overall construction indexes are going to get better, we have seen the growth improving over the last couple of years. We didn’t get it in the first four months. May was, we thought, going to be a little better than it turned out to be. We didn’t have as many ship days. But I think as we have worked through some of the inventory by the time they started to reorder in June we saw some good uptick. So normally less variability but we think this is the start of the good seasonal trend now for the rest of the season.
Chuck Bunch: The weakest quarter last year for Europe was the first quarter, so it wasn’t easier comp. So we didn’t see any deceleration. It’s still modest growth recovery, but we are not concerned that the trend is going in wrong way.
Chuck Bunch: The packaging coatings business, there are several factors at work especially in the European market. It has been slower season in Europe. You also have technology transition going to these BPA free coatings. So there has been some whole holding back of volumes waiting for some of these technology changes. But as I mentioned in my previous quarterly remarks, we have seen heightened competitive activity especially positioning before some of these technology changes. So you are I think also seeing the impact of that in Europe on the overall marketplace.
Chuck Bunch: We are still quite optimistic about the aerospace market. If you look at the commercial mainframe OEM builds from Boeing and Airbus, they are quite strong with good backlogs. We are seeing modest pickup in business aviation and the aftermarket especially with the airline profitability is also improving. So we continue to see similar trends. Military has been somewhat muted, but overall we are not seeing a trend, a change in the trends that we have experienced and we are quite optimistic that the market is going to continue to be – to perform well.
Chuck Bunch: The volume trends here in North America were slightly positive, but modest. The Asia continues to be a growth market for packaging coatings and that continued. We didn’t see a noticeable change in the industry for the World Cup. And you had a lot of other trends going on in South America at the time from volumes, currencies and the like. So, we did not see a specific change in demand for the industry due to the World Cup.
Chuck Bunch: Well, for our industrial coatings business, the strongest market globally has been automotive parts. We have seen good growth in the global automotive industry as we have indicated, but our business has continued to perform well there. Coil and extrusion markets, again they are tied more to construction. We have seen some growth there as well. Heavy duty equipment in the developed regions was a positive story, although in the developing regions in Asia, a little less so. Consumer electronics, what I would call, mixed return to growth overall, but I would say not at some of the growth trends that we have seen earlier. So, those would be a few of the markets that we have seen improving. Appliance was also better in all the regions geographically.
Chuck Bunch: Well, I would say that the – thinking of one of the biggest trends here recently in the global industry has been the amount of new assembly plants. So, typically, those are the best opportunities to win new business is when a plant has, is just commissioning and I would say that we feel that we are winning our share – more than our share as these new plants get commissioned, because it’s an opportunity to introduce new technologies. You see less share shift on let’s say the facilities that have been in existence for a while if they are performing well. So, I would say that there will still be new automotive assembly plants starting up over the next couple of years. You have seen a number of them in China, Mexico. You have seen a number of new assembly plants announced. So, I would say the trend is still encouraging there. And I don’t think that all these plants and some of them that were winning business have yet ramped up to full capacity. So, I think there is an opportunity for more growth from some of these new facilities, but those will be the two countries that we see the most growth in, in terms of new construction.
Chuck Bunch: Rich, if you go back to the June 30 call we held, this is an asset that from a geographic perspective is tremendously complementary to us, but we have no meaningful architectural presence in Mexico. That limits in a certain degree some of the operational synergies we would get out of the transaction. So, this is more of a plug and play type transaction as opposed to our prior acquisition last year, where we had tremendous overlap both administratively and operationally. So, I think – and this is a high-quality asset, because it’s well run as well. So, I think those two factors are the predominant reasons why you are seeing the synergy target we put out there, which is still a nice synergy target by the way.
Michael McGarry: Yes. David, I would say that this year is better than last year and then it’s continuing to trend up. We had good performance in our stores that have been opened for more than one year. And we saw continued – actually in Canada, we had a nice recovery in Canada as well despite the fact that Canada by and large is a very challenging market. So, I’d say overall, it’s trending upward.
Michael McGarry: Yes. John, this is Michael. I would say that from the cost side, we probably not want to get into that, but the way to think about it going forward is that we continue to get our cost structure lower, the stores are gone. We have consolidated sales into the higher performing stores. Chuck talked earlier about the run rate of the synergies were going north of where we were and we are going to be probably 90% of the $200 million number we gave you by the end of the year. So, I would tell you that everything is moving in the right direction.
Michael McGarry: Yes. We were low double-digits in the second quarter. And obviously, our goal is to continue to move that north, Frank. So, we feel pretty good about it. When we took it over, it was basically a breakeven business at best, so a significant improvement. The team has done an outstanding job of moving that north.
Michael McGarry: Yes, Kevin, this is Michael. So, we picked up 10 stores in the Connecticut area, 13 stores here in the Pittsburg area. We are on a run rate to add probably in the range of 22 stores in the U.S. and about 17 stores in Canada. And so when you look at the number we gave you we are certainly thinking that, that’s the minimum that we are looking at over that period of time.
Michael McGarry: This is Michael again. Yes, I would tell you that we had very nice improvements. The areas that were up were the UK, Benelux. You had all of the Eastern Europe was up significantly. This is a nice trend for us and overall we are – we would say the only area that is still under pressure I would call it flattish is France.
Michael McGarry: I think the difference, Bob really goes to the way they go to market. So the DIY guys show up in the home centers and I would tell you that we had good home center numbers. We also had some new products that we rolled out with Ralph Lauren with the Glidden Professional. So that was the positive. The dealers obviously are working hard in their own segment, so they are a little more challenged in the contract end market. So I don’t think there were any surprises in there.
Michael McGarry: Nil, this is Michael. I would tell you that the independent distribution we bought really boiled down the fact that they had no succession plans. And they came to us and asked us to facilitate their long-term plans and we took advantage of that. Obviously, we favour our own stores if they were a chance, but we love the dealer market as well, so we participate in both of them.
Michael McGarry: Dmitry, this is Michael. If you look at China our market was up low-double digits, earnings were up as well. Australia, we were up mid-single digits and earnings were up. In Brazil it was not a good market, but our earnings were up as well, as we took advantage of the cost, the ability to get cost out. So in all the architectural segments around the world we had improved performance.
Michael McGarry: In China, we have had continuous upward trend. And in Australia we have also been growing there as well.
Frank Sklarsky: I think Duffy the only thing I would add to what Chuck said, this is Frank, is that in Asia-Pacific, China specifically, China is going to produce something like 23 million units this year. And as they produce more the car park in China will continue to grow pretty substantial and we will continue to benefit from that. So were – the Asia or the China growth is probably a little bit higher than the overall global growth for us and we already have a significant position, market position in China. So we will benefit from that sector trend going forward with that car park growth.
Frank Sklarsky: It’s not going to be a huge financial impact. Those were done pretty much in the more so in the second half of 2013 and so we will lap that by the end of this year. The impact you will see is that overall year-over-year compares on sales will improve, because those stores would have been lower performing than the legacy stores, but no major financial impact.
Frank Sklarsky: Yes. I mean, I think this is Frank, while we don’t get too specific on when exactly we will be in the market, Q1 we did 200, as you know we did 100 in Q2. I think it’s safe to assume that we have always said it will be part of our capital allocation strategy for the back half including share repurchase. So, we will be back in the market in the second half for some amount. Again, it’s always going to depend on the economic conditions, always going to depend on acquisition activity. We still do look at the pipeline of acquisitions and that is our preferred route to grow the top line organically, inorganically, but we will be definitely doing some share repurchases in the back half.
Frank Sklarsky: Yes. And that last comment of yours really nails it because as we had said previously we expected based on the cost reduction actions, all the rationalization that was taking place that we would have expected 30% to 40% incremental to the bottom line form the additional volume and we are seeing accretion at the high end of that range. And its volume on the fact that we don’t have much incremental fixed costs on either administrative side nor the capacity side, because we are still obviously significantly below peak volume. So there is additional – plenty of additional capacity utilization that we can take up as the volumes accrete. Modest – very modest pricing environment, a little bit of help from currency on the euro on a year-over-year basis as you know, so that helped a little bit. But volume in the basically mid-single digits range. And some of the business and as Vince said are becoming more broad based is what really drove that utilization. So we are seeing that 40% range of the accretion.
Frank Sklarsky: No, we – I think we have been pretty consistent in our commentary that it was obviously appropriate for us to suspend the share repurchases when we were in discussions with earnest with Comex during the second quarter, so that’s why we did the $100 million. And consistent with all of our counsel and the guidance we gave a couple of weeks ago, we are free to be back in the market as long as we are not in position of any material non-public information. And so that’s why we are say as we did at that time that we could be back in the market in the second half.
Frank Sklarsky: We just announced the deal a couple of weeks ago, Eugene. So, when I think we are still going with our original financial projections.
Frank Sklarsky: Well, without getting into too much specific on the percentage, we do expect a similar pattern to prior years, where things do pickup in the back half. We are spending a little bit more in CapEx this year, but all that CapEx is very, very accretive in terms of capacity expansion that we expect to get a very quick return on making good progress on working capital as we go through the year. So, similar pattern and it’s always going to be kind of a high double-digit conversion ratio of cash flow to net income. So, it’s safe to assume that.
Frank Sklarsky: It’s going to depend on the quarter and on the month, but overall, it will be in the certainly more than 80% conversion ratio for the year.
Frank Sklarsky: It would include the overall coatings volume improvement would include specialty coatings and materials, you could say the specialty coatings and materials probably has a growth rate above that smaller business, smaller component in the total, but it is in the number.
