John Bruno: Thank you, Elliot, and good morning, everyone. Once again, this is John Bruno. We appreciate your continued interest in PPG and welcome you to our third quarter 2022 financial results conference call. Joining me on the call from PPG are Michael McGarry, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tim Knavish, Chief Executive Officer, elect; and Vince Morales, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our comments relate to the financial information released after US equity markets closed on Wednesday, October 19, 2022. We have posted detailed commentary and accompanying presentation slides on the Investor center of our website, ppg.com. The slides are also available on the webcast site for this call and provide additional support to the brief opening comments Michael will make shortly. Following management’s perspective on the company’s results for the quarter, we will move to a Q&A session. Both the prepared commentary and discussion during this call may contain forward-looking statements, reflecting the company’s current view of future events and their potential effect on PPG’s operating and financial performance. These statements involve uncertainties and risks, which may cause actual results to differ. The company is under no obligation to provide subsequent updates to these forward-looking statements. This presentation also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The company has provided in the appendix of the presentation materials, which are available on our website, reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. For additional information, please refer to PPG’s filings with the SEC. Now, let me introduce PPG Chairman and CEO, Michael McGarry.
John Bruno: Yeah, yeah, Mike. So we are targeting $70 million and that will start benefiting the company as early as the fourth quarter, along with other open progress we've had from prior years. At this time, we expect next year the savings will be a total of about $70 million.
John Bruno: Thank you, Elliot. I want to thank everyone for your interest and your attention today. This concludes our third quarter earnings call. Have a good day.
Michael McGarry: Thanks, Christopher. First of all, I think, the most encouraging thing about what we see is that we see continued price increases coming. So fourth quarter, we're still looking at high single digits, low double-digit price increases. So that's going to be significant. We have seen raw materials, they have loosened up in China. They are starting to loosen up in Europe. We are arbitraging what we see in China into Europe and we expect to arbitrage Europe elsewhere. So these are things that are a little bit different than the last ones. I'll remind everybody, by the end of the year, we'll have about $2 billion of raw material inflation, and we still have other inflation. And for the second quarter and third quarter, we covered all total inflation. That includes MRO, freight logistics, labor, you name it, we covered it, okay? So we feel very confident going into the fourth quarter that we're going to continue to recover that gap. By the end of the year, we will have recovered all raw material inflation. And before the end of the first quarter, we will recover all total inflation. So we're really in good shape from that standpoint. So I'm pleased with what I see and I think this is going to be a little bit different recession than last time, because we have a strong OEM business and a strong refinish business.
Michael McGarry: Josh, this is Michael. First of all, what I would tell you is that, part of what you're seeing of the slowing of the price increases in the Performance Coatings segment is because of the drop in architectural sales, okay? So you have a little bit of a mix issue going on in there. So, that's one. The other thing you have to remember is we've got pricing much earlier in Performance Coatings segment. And we always lag a little bit in the Industrial side. So the other piece besides mix is timing. So, what you see, which is most important, is that on our Industrial side, it does lag, but now it's catching back up. And the Industrial side was above company average, and we expect that to continue in the fourth quarter as well. And most importantly, in our automotive segment, a number of our customers have provided us retroactive pricing as well. And so that helps that margin as well. So, we're still anticipating some significant price improvement in the fourth quarter. And again, we'll be ready to talk about the first quarter later, but we will have positive -- significant positive price in Q1 as well.
Michael McGarry: Well, Stephen, this is Michael. Let me just give you some examples that all play into the positives of what we do with the acquisition. So if you think about traffic solutions that was primarily a US business. They had a key tiny piece in Mexico where you take our PPG-Comex team, and they're a powerhouse in Mexico. So what do we do? We take those formulations that they have in the US, we transfer them down to Mexico. We localize them for those local markets, and we started to sell them. And our traffic solutions business is growing 20-plus percent every quarter since we've had it and we've had it now five quarters. So it's moving along. Same thing with Tikkurila. So you go to Tikkurila, and they had a strong customer relationship up in Scandinavia. It's not that we weren't selling in Scandinavia, but they had some tremendous relationships. So we're able to take our industrial products and bring them up there. We're able to expand some of our refinish products up there. And I think we highlighted that when we took you to see birch there up in Scandinavia for the Investor Day. And the same thing when you think about China. So when we bought [indiscernible], we took those formulations. We moved them over to China, and we've been able to grow our automotive parts and accessories business in China and that's been a nice win for us. We have a new waterborne technology for automotive parts where we're growing significantly faster than market. So I think we have a number of these examples where we do acquisitions and we move them around the world, and it turns out to be a strong positive for us. So thank you very much for the question.
Michael McGarry: Well, we're certainly, Kevin, going to do that for some of our businesses where the raw materials we built up. So that's going to happen. But you did highlight a number that are going to be well north of that. So automotive, refinish, traffic solutions, things like that are all going to be well above company average. But the thing you have to remember is, we're also going to take advantage of the arbitrage in raw materials. So if it makes sense for us, we're moving TiO2 right now from China. We're moving it into Europe. So we're going to take advantage of things like that. And net-net, I would tell you that we're probably going to be pretty close. We took down inventories $100 million in Q3. We're probably going to take down another couple of hundred million dollars in Q4. And I think we're in pretty good shape.
Michael McGarry: Okay. Mike, this is Michael. So I will take the first question, and I'll let Tim answer the second question. Look, at the end of the day, when we put together our original, let's call it, our pre-announcement guidance, we -- our Chinese team was very confident that post President Xi's election for his third term that the COVID policies in China would be relaxed and would take a more normalized approach. Clearly, with this speech last week, that is not going to be the case. So we've adjusted based on that. Our Tianjin plant, which is actually our largest coatings plant in the world in China, it was down the last 10 days of September. It was down the first 10 days of October, running at reduced rates. And consumer confidence, obviously, is something we're going to be watching very closely in China. But the good news is when you look at the rest of China, the automotive business had a very strong third quarter. They had a very -- we're projecting a pretty good fourth quarter. That's historically the best quarter for automotive in China. And I'm very encouraged by the fact that the automotive guys in China are exporting their electric vehicles. And as you know, the electric vehicles are good for us. BYD is not only exporting to Europe, but they're also exploring to Southeast Asia. So we feel very confident about that. So I think overall, you may view that guide as a little weak, but there's a lot of things out there that are quite uncertain. We don't know how much destocking DIY guys will do in the fourth quarter. We don't know how much they're going to -- typically they start buying in December to get ready for the new season. We have not put any of that in there. So we're being a bit cautious given what we see. And so I think our guide is reasonable, and we're certainly going to keep you updated through the quarter as we go. So I'll end with that, and I'll let Tim talk about how he sees the $9.
Michael McGarry: So Duffy, let me just reiterate, look, we're going to have covered all inflation. We covered it all in the second quarter. That's total inflation, not just raws. We've covered it at all in the third quarter. We're going to cover it all in the fourth quarter. So now we're eating into some of that gap that we had built up, and we'll be totally caught up in Q1. And that's what the price increases we know. That's not with anything that may come up in the next 30 to 60 days that we may also talk -- tag on, as Vince says, from a targeted standpoint. So what is it that we're probably not going to see relief on? We're clearly not going to see relief on labor. That's not going to happen. But we are going to see -- we already have started to see relief on transportation. We think warehousing costs are going to moderate a little bit. It's not going to be significant, but that's going to moderate some. And raw materials, we've already seen it in -- starting in TiO2. We've seen it start in epoxy. We're going to continue to see it in some of the basic isocyanates. There's no question in Q1 we're going to get to lower emulsion costs. So we can see these things coming. Now are we going to get all the way back to 2019 levels on some of these? Maybe, maybe not. It's a little bit too early to make that call. But what I am confident enough is that our team has done a really good job of pricing effectively. Our customers are well aware of what's going on in that space. And I think we're going to continue to close this gap and it will be completely closed by the end of Q1. And that's why we're confident that margins will continue to expand in 2023.
Michael McGarry: Frank, this is Michael. Thank you very much for your kind comments. It's been a pleasure working with you and obviously, we'll continue to follow the Jets regardless of where I end up playing golf in the future. So, let's talk a little bit about the third quarter. Look, the thing about the third quarter was, September in China was weaker than we expected, that we certainly did not expect the impact from them asking us to reduce rates 50-plus percent in our Tianjin plant. We certainly saw the decreases coming in the destocking in the architectural channel in Europe. They've been very aggressive with that and they made that even more aggressive in the September time frame. We started to see that in the US as well. Anything that touches a consumer, whether it's the appliance area or think about things that look like a Peloton, that continues to be weaker. So we're tracking that closely. Right now, I would say, for the fourth quarter volumes, we're not projecting any major surprises in that area. I mean, cautiously optimistic that the OEM space in Europe has reached the bottom. I think that's one area that we'll be looking for to see if that levels out where it is now. Certainly, we're worried about and watching the interest rates here in the US and how that's going to impact automotive. But look, this year, we're probably going to finish with automotive builds around 81-plus million cars and we're looking at next year to be about 85 million. So for some of these things that are weakening, we do see some things that are strengthening. And should China ever move away from -- or at least move partially away from their Zero-COVID policy, we know that flights in China will just significantly increase. They've been pent up. They want to move around, but they just haven't been allowed to by the government. So on that standpoint, I feel pretty confident.
Michael McGarry: John, this is Michael. I think that European auto demand is going to remain at the list for the next two to three quarters. I don't see any catalysts for the turnaround. At the end of the day, Europe rarely gets below that 8 million or 9 million cars in Western Europe. That's about where we are now. And overall, we have a lot of cars that are driven by corporate buying and fleet buying and those behaviors have not ever changed because they're ingrained in the habits of the companies that do those things. So we're pretty confident we're at that level. In the US, look, I mean we've been constrained. I mean, right now, there's only 32 days of inventory on the lots. And many of the most popular colors are very hard to find. And so people are still buying. If you think about the truck market, you can't find a truck out there. So that remains a very solid market, and that's always a good indicator because our -- the man and the van kind of stuff, those guys need trucks. And so that's going to continue. We do see some continuum momentum on EVs, but we're really excited about the EV momentum in China. I didn't talk about this earlier, but China had a goal of having 25% of all cars by 2025 EV. Well, actually, last quarter, they hit that target. And the fact that these guys are starting to export EVs is an encouraging factor for us. And the largest maker of EVs in China is BYD and we just happen to be the largest supplier to BYD. So we feel like we're in good shape.
Michael McGarry: And Mike, this is Michael. It is ratably the same between the performance side and the industrial side. And I'll let John talk a little bit about the $70 million.
Michael McGarry: This is Michael, Aleksey. I would tell you, the architectural business in September was a little bit lighter on the destocking in the big boxes. So that is not demand related. They just decided they would move into a little bit lower inventory position. As Tim has said on multiple occasions, our business with The Home Depot continues to grow. We're really pleased with that. We'll have some further announcements about some other wins in the big box segment when it's appropriate to put it out there. But we're going to have a substantial nice little win in the big box segment starting in the first quarter, and so we'll be starting to ship that in Q1. And what I would tell you is that, this is probably the slight downturn is lighter than historical. It's still too early to call, obviously, interest rates. When I think about interest rates of 6% and 7%, it's still low compared to my first house that I got at 11%. So, of course, my kids don't understand that. But I would tell you that, we still have a positive outlook on the housing market. We know that there is a labor shortage and more of this is being driven by the fact that both our pro painters don't have enough labor. There's not enough labor in the new home construction market. So net-net, I would still tell you that we're optimistic.
Michael McGarry: And Patrick, I would add one thing that the skill set that we brought to Tikkurila that they were starting to learn how to do, but we've accelerated is pricing. And this is an area where they have a market-leading position in Finland, a market-leading position in Sweden, a market-leading position in the Baltics. That pricing muscle hadn't been exercised previously, and we're showing them how to exercise it. So it's a win-win from that standpoint.
Michael McGarry: Steven, this is Michael. Listen, our inventory on the pipeline of deals is still solid, but the most important thing is we're going to remain disciplined on how it affects total shareholder returns. So we're going to decide whether it's better to pay down debt versus do acquisitions versus buying back stock, whatever is the most accretive to our shareholders. So we're actively engaged in this space. There are still a number of deals we had. I always tell people that when earnings are falling, it's always harder to get deals done because people want to be paid on what their old earnings look like and not what the current earnings are looking like. So that always does make it a little bit more of a challenge, talk about normalized earnings versus where they currently are. But we're going to remain disciplined in this area. And I don't think you should expect anything different than what you've seen from PPG in the past.
Tim Knavish: Thanks, Ghansham. And first, I want to thank Michael and the PPG Board for their trust and confidence as we continue to drive the company forward. I also want to thank Michael personally for his leadership, his personal mentorship of me, and frankly, for setting up PPG with a global portfolio that is well positioned for future growth and also well positioned and navigate through today's economic challenges. Excited for this opportunity, I really look forward to the future and working -- continuing to work with our 50,000 people around the world. Now specifically to your question, so around the world for architectural, PPG-Comex, our Mexican business continues to shine. First, GDPs are holding up better than most parts of the world in Latin America. And second, just the strength of our position, the strength of our services, the strength of our brand, the strength of our network will continue to put up strong results down there. As you know, Asia Pacific for us is a fairly small business in architectural. And given some of the things happening in China, that's actually a positive at this point. Europe, we continue to see soft -- quite soft DIY, as we said in Q1 and Q2, and we expect it to continue at the depressed levels that it is today. Trade, Trade in Europe is actually a bit stronger. It's down mid-single digits. The PRO backlogs are still there, driven largely by labor shortages more than anything, but we do see that moderating. We do see the trade business moderating as well in Europe, as you would expect. Some variability by country, the closer you get to the war zone, the more depressed it gets. UK, you know what's happening there and then a bit stronger in the south. Holding up better over here in the US, Canada market. We are seeing DIY softness here. Nothing like Europe, more down like low single-digits in DIY, US/Canada. But the PRO business is holding up well. Backlogs remain strong. Backlogs, our quarterly survey paint contractors averaged about 12 weeks of backlog, pretty consistent with the prior quarter. And our omni-channel business for the PRO, we were actually up this quarter. So holding up better here in the US/Canada region.
Tim Knavish: Yes. And so from the availability situation, John, it's much better. We're now to isolated examples. You've got the singular example here in the US with a fire at a particular resin supplier that has caused a transient disruption. We put some alternatives in place to deal with that. And if you look at like cut across the aerospace transparencies, you've got some things not related to coatings, but components, machine parts, acrylic parts that go into the manufacture and assembly of a windshield. But now we're down to handfuls of items, some minor additives as opposed to what we had a quarter, or certainly two quarters ago.
Tim Knavish: Yes, Laurent, thanks for the question. This is Tim. To Vince's point, really, the only segment where we're seeing destocking on the customer side is architectural DIY big box. And we are seeing that in Europe predominantly, but also here in the United States. And so, we do expect that to continue really for the remainder of the year until they reach their targeted levels. But beyond that, many of our customer channels are still fairly light or very light in some cases on inventory. So that's the only destocking we expect to see.
Tim Knavish: Right. The $9, the answer is it's a question of when, not if. The fundamentals for $9 are absolutely there. If you look at the pluses and minuses on the ledger for that, you've got aero recovery, you've got auto recovery, you've got more refinish recovery. That great business is still down 10% versus pre-COVID. We've got the inflection of the price cost curve. You know about our restructuring and footprint work we've done. China's still closed, acquisition, synergies, technology, et cetera, et cetera. So that side of the ledger is a lot stronger than the other. The other side of the ledger is really only about macroeconomic-driven volume. And we only need some of that to come back to get to that $9. So it's absolutely in our future. And thanks for the question.
Tim Knavish: Yes. So, Arun, this is Tim. Thanks for the question. I'll go first and then maybe hand it over to Vince. For Europe, I think the guidance that we put out, we're comfortable with what we projected from an architectural standpoint, industrial, auto. We feel pretty much like we bottomed on the volume standpoint from a European situation. And then, the carryover to the US, we really haven't -- we haven't seen that yet. The US volumes are holding up pretty well for us with the exception of, again, anything consumer-related on the industrial side and architectural DIY. So we haven't really seen the contagion cross the ocean into the United States market yet.
Tim Knavish: Hey, Mike, this is Tim. I'll start with -- and thanks for the question. The vast majority of the new cost-out program are people reductions. We anticipate globally we'll reduce our head count by about 2%, and most of those will be fairly fast moving. Any facility discussions, of course, we would work with the appropriate works councils. But the majority by far of this new program are fairly fast reductions in staffing.
Tim Knavish: Sure, Anthony. This is Tim. Thanks for the question. The Home Depot Pro program is progressing well. We've got thousands of new customers from the program. And we've actually, as you heard in the prepared comments, we've activated the next phase, which is engaging with HD Supply. And the beauty of HD Supply, they're largely MRO focused, hospitality, healthcare, government, multifamily, maintenance, repair and delivered on site and previously did not do a lot of paint. So this is a lot of upside opportunity for us. And to put some scale on some of the comments earlier, we're focused heavily on lead indicators and we're averaging over 6,000 new customer engagements every week, and that is enabled by the linkage of our CRM systems between The Home Depot and PPG. So these are new customer opportunities for us that are already buying paint from somewhere else and buying other products from The Home Depot. We've got about a 40% win rate. That compares to historical levels of about a 20% win rate. So we're very satisfied with that lead indicator. And then on the HD Supply, we're very early days here, but we've also started to engage in the first month 12,000 new customers just through that next stage of the program. So big picture, this is a $10 billion US addressable market for the pro painter. It's a marathon, not a sprint as you convert each one of these contractors. But we're pleased with the results so far, and we're expecting double-digit growth in this category for us for many quarters to come.
Tim Knavish: Yes, I'd just like to add one other thing on US housing with all the numbers everybody has seen. And really, we're talking about new housing here. We're going to be honest with ourselves in how we plan for that, based on what's really happening in that space. And the way we're looking at it is, we do see an air pocket in the new housing space for -- or some number of quarters. The positive from PPG standpoint, it only represents about 1% to 2% of our total enterprise sales. And we're also, frankly, significantly stronger in commercial maintenance repair. So we are accounting for what's happening in new housing in our guidance. And the other positive, as Michael alluded to, the housing fundamentals are still strong for the mid to long term. There is a housing shortage in the United States as well as many other countries. So while there is maybe an air pocket in the short term, the fundamentals for the mid and long term remain strong.
Tim Knavish: Yes, Patrick, Tim again here. We are very pleased with Tikkurila as a result in our first year of ownership. It has given us technology. It's given us ESG. It's given us a great wood care offering that we can spread throughout the rest of PPG, starting with the rest of Europe. It's given us market access, strong number one position in a number of countries. It's -- and a great management team, by the way, which was a very pleasant -- I'm not going to say a surprise, but the strength and depth of the management team was better than we had anticipated. So we are absolutely thrilled with Tikkurila and the path forward. Of course, from a DIY standpoint, they're seeing some of the same issues that I mentioned earlier for kind of the Pan-European situation. But between what we acquired with Tikkurila and what we're able to bring into Tikkurila and their position from other businesses like light industrial, like finish, like protective coatings, we really are just thrilled with how that acquisition is doing.
Tim Knavish: Thank you, Adrien, for the question. And let me just first say I am very excited about the opportunity we have at PPG. And I can assure you that we will continue to execute on our margin recovery and we will continue to execute on the optimization of shareholder return, first and foremost. Beyond that, second, as Michael indicated, the change becomes effective on January 1, and at the appropriate time after that, I look forward to engaging all of our key stakeholders, including this group, to communicate further about my priorities, my vision for the next phase of evolution for PPG. So thrilled with the opportunity, encouraged on our path to margin recovery, encouraged on the opportunity to deliver shareholder return and look forward to 2023 for both organic growth and continued opportunities on the inorganic side.
Vince Morales: Josh, this is Vince. I think the key things to remember for us is, the margin recovery, we promised in Industrial is underway. We're seeing -- we expect that margin recovery to continue into Q4 and expand into Q1. Your question on energy in Europe, we did put in select energy surcharges as most companies have done to accommodate that. We're not a big energy consumer in Europe, we're downstream and we're reacting as much as we can to what's being -- what's a tough energy environment in Europe.
Vince Morales: Yes, John, this is Vince. Let me start real quickly and then I think Tim is going to chime in here. If you look, again, we have cumulative, about 40% inflation levels. We do see inflation year-over-year in Q4, but it's down sequentially. And that's, I think is the key is we're starting to see the fever break. It's different, as Michael mentioned, by region and we're seeing arbitrage opportunities. And I think Tim has some specifics.
Vince Morales: Yes. Let me just add on to what Michael said here. I think if you think about the coatings industry more broadly, we're a batch process. So we typically can start and stop as we please. We're not a continuous process. Where we are this cycle versus prior cycles is, we don't have a lot of inventory. Our end customers, with a few exceptions, do not have a lot of inventory in the chain. We're seeing that in, for example, automotive refinish, as Michael alluded to. We're certainly seeing that in aerospace. So there's not, Kevin, a big destock coming in many of our industries. Automotive, another one where we're inventory light all the way through the chain. So we're going to run at or slightly below what we see as our end customers' consumption to draw down our inventories. But with a couple of small exceptions, we're including in some of our big box DIY customers, there's not a lot of inventory in channels. But we do have a huge focus on drawing down our raw material inventories in the fourth quarter.
Vince Morales: Yes. And if I can just add, this is Vince again. If you go to Europe, when we're seeing that, we started to see that really in Q2 -- Q1, early Q2 of this year. So we're going to lap -- in a couple of months here, we're going to lap those declines. So we do have a different comparison base in 2023 for Europe.
Vince Morales: Yes. Arun, this is Vince. On your question about structural demand, I think it's too early to make that call. I think as we look into 2023, again, we're going to lap some easier comparisons beginning in March. We do feel there is a health -- there's a consumer there that typically has spent money. We were obviously seeing some impact from that due to higher energy prices. The length of that energy price issue will drive some of the answers to your question that we just don't have. And if activity or production shifts to other parts of the world from Europe due to those energy prices, we already have positions. So if it shifts to China or shifts to Mexico, we'll supply the customers there.
Vince Morales: Yes. I think, John -- this is Vince. I think holistically, when we look at the global auto market next year, our forecast six months ago was we'd be up 5% to 10% year-over-year. Our current forecast is we're going to be up 5% to 8%. So there might be some cropping off at the top of that, but we still feel very good about global auto growth next year.
Vince Morales: And Patrick, this is Vince. I don't want to sway away from your question, but the other acquisition we did was NS Plant [ph], Michael alluded to it earlier. We've had double-digit sales growth in that business. The outlook for that business continues to look promising into 2023, especially with the infrastructure activities in the US, et cetera. So again, very promising situation with NS Plant as well.
Vince Morales: Yes. Kevin, this is Vince. We're still in that 30% to 40% range for incremental margins, certainly around the fringes as activity in Europe -- win activity in Europe comes back, it will be a little higher just because our utilization rates are a little lower. But I would certainly pencil in 30% to 40% incremental margins. And then we have to -- as we've talked about several times on this call, there'll be some benefit from price raws as that normalizes. So that will be above those incremental margins.
