Charles Bunch: On the cost of raw materials, we averaged in Coatings, mid-single digit increases for 2010, Bob. But obviously, that built, so that as we were ending the fourth quarter here in 2010, those were in the higher single digits and we, in terms of percentage increases -- and we saw it across a broad range of products. And we didn't see quite as many, although there were still some supply disruptions, but you had it on both the organic and inorganic sides, TiO2 being one of them. Other pigments, we had some of the metals which play a role in our formulations in Protective & Marine Coatings, they were also up. Now starting here in 2011, we're seeing a little additional raw material pressure. I would say at this point, this would be low-single digit increases, but on top of where we finished at the end of 2010. So we are still facing some headwinds here on the raw material inflation for Coatings. We have started raising our prices starting in mid-year of last year, working through some of them, but actually the inflationary numbers have continued to move. So in every one of our businesses today, we have additional pricing actions. In some we have formal price increase announcements out, in others we are actively negotiating with customers to pass these price increases on. And as I have mentioned in the remarks, typically it does take two to three quarters to fully capture all of these inflationary price increases. I think the fact that we have a little bit of a moving target means that we're still in price increase mode in our businesses. But we're looking, as we go through 2011, to fully capture those price increases. And we don't, in terms of the current forecast, we don't think things are going to accelerate as aggressively as they did last year, but we are seeing the same trends that you mentioned. Oil prices are up. And we've seen recent increases in commodities like TiO2 or propylene. But on the other hand, we haven't seen as much recent increases in natural gas, in ethylene as an example. So right now, we are expecting more inflation for our Coatings' raw materials, but not quite at the pace that we saw in the second half of last year.
Charles Bunch: For us, our variable cost margins typically run between 40% and 50%, depending on the business unit and the geographic region. So certainly, we think that we have that kind of opportunity to improve as volume grows, but we don't think that we have significant cost to put back in to our supply chains and our businesses. We are still running in many businesses, especially in Coatings with the exception of where we are today in China. For the most part, we have capacity available in our Coatings businesses to fully capture the incremental margins at variable costs. So we're relatively optimistic that this can be done as volumes improve.
Charles Bunch: No. I would say obviously, if you look overall at PPG, we don't think there's an issue at all with the increases that we're seeing across the board in all of our business units. And we're obviously going to outpace inflation in businesses like fiberglass or chlor-alkali. I would say that for the Coatings businesses, we think it would be a relatively small number. We are obviously chasing some of the increases that we just talked about. But we feel fairly confident that as the year proceeds, we're going to be able to recapture a lot of these increases with pricing.
Charles Bunch: I would say that typically, the fourth quarter is not the strongest quarter for the Glass segment. We think that the earnings improvement that we've seen, especially in fiberglass, should be sustainable as we go into 2011. We've talked a little bit about some of the pricing opportunities. We haven't seen the same kind of raw material inflation impacting those businesses. The flat glass business, performance glazings, as we've called it, has not had the same recovery yet because it is tied to the North American construction markets. But even there, I think we certainly view that we've hit bottom and we think there may be some modest upside. So I think the run rate is actually a good number as we start here in 2011.
Charles Bunch: I would say that's a good number, Frank, especially on the industrial production side. We're probably going to be here in North America at that level. Certainly in Asia, a little higher, maybe slightly lower on the industrial production side. So I'd say mid-single digits is a good number. The thing that's holding us back still has been the weakness in construction markets, both here in North America and in Europe. And I'm getting slightly more optimistic, although I've felt this way before and it hasn't followed through, but I think the North American businesses that have that construction exposure will actually, I think, begin to show some improvement as we go through the year. Europe, it's a little foggier over there. We haven't seen much volume improvement, so I'm a little less optimistic that Europe construction will help us. But overall, when I look across the board, in our Optical segment, when I look at even chlor-alkali on the volume side, I think those are good numbers across the board for PPG.
Charles Bunch: I don't think things are getting, let's call it worse, in terms of kind of a rate of decline. But we still haven't seen this thing flatten out in terms of volume declines in Europe construction. We have in our other businesses in Europe, and in fact in some businesses like Automotive Refinish in Europe, we had an all-time record year. So I don't want to overstate our reliance on the Architectural EMEA business, it's an important business for us. It hasn't started turning yet, but I would say the rate of decline, I expect to improve in that business during the course of the year. And we are still seeing growth overall in businesses like Refinish or Aerospace, or even Protective Coatings in Europe. So it's not all gloom and doom over there, but certainly, that's the weakest region right now for us.
Charles Bunch: Well the transaction with Dominion was really facilitating, I guess you would call it, their building of a natural gas liquid separation plant. And at the West Virginia Panhandle end of the Marcellus Shale, as many of you know, this is the wet natural gas, let's call it. And we're hoping that this is an overall stimulus, not only for the economy down there, but I think there are some real opportunities to build on the low-cost cheap natural gas in the region. We're going to get, I think, some small improvement in terms of providing services to them. We're going to sell some land that we no longer need. But we're also looking at other opportunities at that site, as is Behr, who is our neighbor in West Virginia, for opportunities to capitalize on this Marcellus Shale gas that sits underneath the region, including our plant.
Charles Bunch: I would say at this point, no. The fourth quarter is the seasonally low period. It's hard to discern a lot of trends, I'd say. I wouldn't want to put too much on a segment by channel differentiation, but we are encouraged that overall the volumes were stable. And I actually think now that we may see some improvement in volume as we go through the year. Some of the housing data, although it's still mixed, is encouraging. The weather is going to be a little cold here starting off this year. But I'm getting a little more optimistic about the volume scenario right now.
Charles Bunch: I would say that our store count is going to be flat or slightly higher, but it won't be lower. So we continue, I think, to right-size the footprint. And we think now going forward, especially as we get a little more confident that this housing market isn't going to get any worse, that we have the store count that will work for us as business improves.
Charles Bunch: Well the biggest opportunities would be in the developed regions in the Industrial and Performance Coatings segments. Although we feel good about the growth in automotive builds here in North America, we still only got up to about 12.5 million builds in 2010. That's still about 20% below what was the run rate for most of this decade here in North America. So that's an example of an industrial market where there is more growth opportunities. Similarly, in Europe, we didn't go quite as low there, but there is Automotive growth potential there, although we're not as optimistic in Europe in Automotive as we are here in North America. The other big sets of businesses would be those related to the construction markets. Obviously, we have exposure both here and in North America in both residential and commercial construction. And also in the, let's call it the residential repaint, or the aftermarkets for maintenance and repair, we're still below the volumes that we experienced just three years ago. So that would be another opportunity where we see the volumes improving. But in the short term, it's going to be in the more industrial markets, plus those Performance Coatings like Aerospace which is, I think, ramping up now; refinish, which experienced quite a sharp decline in 2009, is bouncing back. This winter weather that we're all experiencing these last six weeks should help us in terms of accident rates in the near term. So there are some things that give me confidence that we have plenty of opportunities, even here in 2011, to recapture some of this lost volume over the last three years.
Charles Bunch: I would say that's a good benchmark. It does vary. But typically, most of our businesses are more what I would describe as material intensive. They're not as labor intensive so we don't have to add big increments of labor cost as we increase production.
Charles Bunch: First question, Don, on Commodity Chemical pricing. In particular, caustic, we were working through the last industry price increase of $50. We captured some of that in the fourth quarter, and we think we will finish capturing that here in the first quarter of 2011. And there's momentum in the marketplace. Volumes have been good, inventories are low, several of the key end-use markets like aluminum and pulp and paper, refining, have all been picking up activity levels. We haven't seen any additional pricing from the end of the year increases, well, one of the competitors announced. But certainly, the one that was the $50 that you referenced at the beginning of the fourth quarter is still moving through the system.
Charles Bunch: I'll be happy to take the fourth quarter question. We've made some progress in spending in China. As you know, we've been working on a resin plant in Zhangjiagang. We have a production expansion going on in Wuhu, some transitions expenditures in China. And I think those are probably a pretty significant driver of the increase in CapEx in the fourth quarter. I think we've talked a fair amount at the December investor conference about our outlook for capital going forward, and I would expect we're still in that range.
Charles Bunch: In Marine business for us, it's part of our Protective & Marine Coatings business unit. For us, the Marine OEM segment, which we're looking for what I would call the first decline in this kind of late cycle building would be in that 25% of the SBU that is exposed to the OEM builds. The other half of that Protective & Marine Coatings business is infrastructure or protective coatings-related. There, you're painting bridges, you're painting oil rigs and the like. We think that, that business is going to be good. And we also think the aftermarket business for Marine is going to be improved over last year. You have more of these ocean-going vessels in service now, they're requiring maintenance and painting. So I would say overall, we think that it's going to be a low growth environment in 2011 with the aftermarket and protective pieces overshadowing that Marine OEM build number.
Charles Bunch: I would say that the business in Asia in Industrial Coatings is fairly broad-based in terms of technologies or coatings layers. So it's not all driven by e-coat. We've had excellent growth in non-e-coat, or even automotive-related businesses like consumer electronics. And I would say that our success in the China Automotive Coatings market is broad-based. So it's not just e-coat, it includes the top coats and primers so that -- and this is not a kind of a one-time pipeline fill for e-coat tanks although we are doing that on a consistent basis in both Automotive and some of our industrial applications.
Charles Bunch: I would say that our list -- and we talked a little bit about this at our capital markets presentation last month. The list is probably a little broader or longer. And frankly, we were able to do one deal in the fourth quarter last year. We would have liked to have done a few more. It's taking a little longer. And I would say in regards to the list, it’s probably longer, but they're probably more weighted to the smaller end of the spectrum in terms of the overall size of the acquisition. So that if we're going to maintain our target level of use of cash for good M&A, we may have to do more deals. But these deals would be at smaller levels than maybe we originally thought as we started ramping up at the beginning of 2010.
Charles Bunch: There haven't been that many overall deals. If I look, all of the major coatings players look like they're interested in doing deals. There were only a few deals last year that were completed, and I think it's in some cases, it's the sellers waiting a little longer for things to get a little better, if they think that they have some earnings momentum. In other cases it's -- as you go to smaller companies in some cases, there is a longer time period to getting to certain stages in the deals, getting people comfortable with the process, whereas sometimes when we've done bigger deals, you have more sophisticated or experienced management teams on both sides of the table. And as you go into smaller opportunities, it is a longer process.
Charles Bunch: The margins that we have now in the business we think are sustainable at these levels. We're not necessarily looking to expand these margins significantly from this point. It is a business, especially on the Optical side, where we have driven growth over the years in a combination of new technology, developments and branding activities, including a heavy component of advertising. So as we look to how we're going to grow the business, I would say that we want to keep a certain level of advertising and promotional spending but we have to support these new product development and commercialization activities. So we're not -- we feel the biggest opportunity for growth in the segment is growing that top line at the existing margin levels. But likewise, we don't see a significant risk to these margins declining. We have seen it be sustained over the last few years, and we think that the Specialty Materials component of that segment, the precipitated silicas and the Teslin inorganic printing sheet materials have improved their performance significantly over the last two years, but we think to a sustainable level.
Charles Bunch: We want to thank all of you for listening in to our Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Call. I hope you feel as optimistic as we do about the performance that we turned in, in 2010, here in the fourth quarter and our optimism as we go into 2011. So thank you very much.
Robert Dellinger: Yes, our blended unit cost in the fourth quarter was about $5. If you look at our hedges for 2011, on average, we have about 12% of our need hedged and that's greater in the first half, lower in the second half. And that hedge position is about $7.25. So make your assumption on the market price and you get pretty close.
Robert Dellinger: Kevin, I'll be happy to take that. I think $500 million is a pretty fair view of historical. That's what we'd like to get to over some period of time. Our first goal for deploying cash is obviously to drive earnings growth, and our preference would be mergers and acquisitions. And we've talked a lot in the past about bolt-on acquisitions in the, call it $50 million to $250 million range. And I think as we regularly evaluate the pipeline and probability of those deals closing and crossing the transom, we'll consider share repurchases if we don't see sufficient acquisition activity over time. We certainly don't have any pre-determined goal by quarter of the targeted cash balance or how quickly we're going to get back to historical levels. But that's the direction you should expect.
Robert Dellinger: I'd be happy to get it. I think the easiest way to think about our cost savings is that if you compare full year 2010 to 2008, we would say our costs are down roughly $500 million. Half of that, so say $250 million, was driven by the restructuring projects, and that is permanent cost savings, so we'll experience that even as volume comes back. A part of the remaining $250 million are other actions consistent with the decline in market, a part of that will come back as volume returns, maybe in the neighborhood of a third to a half as volume returns to '08 levels, and that's what you should expect going forward. Most of the cost savings we had realized before we got to the fourth quarter this year, of 2010.
