Chuck Bunch: I would say that I think this reflects our exposure to the end-use markets on a regional basis. I would say that's probably the largest factor although we have several businesses that have outpaced the global growth rates as we look at them.
Chuck Bunch: Let me give you a little bit of a background. In the fourth quarter, we didn't see the raw material benefits, we've seen throughout the course of 2014 the stability overall in raw material pricing and that's where we were in the fourth quarter. What we have seen here at the end of the fourth quarter and now going into the first quarter of 2015 with these larger oil price declines, we are now currently negotiating with many of our suppliers around the world on the impact of these oil price declines on their pricing. I would say the general trend of the discussions is modestly lower at this point. We've seen some commodities that have moved more quickly. These would be products like solvents which are more commodity-like and trade closer between spot and contract pricing. But I would say that right now we don't buy our raw materials for the most part on indexes, so these discussions are really taking place around the world on a variety of commodities. We have seen a little more weakness, if I look at it regionally, a little more weakness in the Asia-Pacific region. Their prices typically respond more quickly. In Europe, we have seen lower economic growth, but weakness in currency that's muting some of these dollar based oil declines. So we're going to see where that takes us here over the first quarter and likewise here in North America, business conditions a little stronger and we're currently negotiating with our suppliers here and we're only two weeks into the first quarter, so it's a little too early to tell. I think we will have a lot more visibility by the end of the first quarter. And with our prices right now, we've had relatively stable pricing here at the end of 2014, a few puts and takes, but overall pricing is stable. That remains our base case as we go into 2015 and we'll evaluate that as we see the trends overall in the markets both here and around the world.
Chuck Bunch: Well, our raw material basket, if you look at all of the things we're doing in both the organic, inorganic area plus other packaging materials and general purchasing, I would say about 20% overall was tied to hydrocarbon pricing broadly. And I would say that, of that mix -- I haven't looked at it quite in terms of commodity versus polymeric differentiated resins, but certainly less than half of that total is tied directly to commodity pricing. So I would say we are typically buying things that are either specified or somewhat differentiated, so we're not buying a lot of ethylene. We're not buying any ethylene anymore and very little of the propylene or other monomers that you could directly attribute to these price declines.
Chuck Bunch: Well, I would say, P.J., there is no real standard in terms of when we're going to have discussions with either industrial or architectural customers. Some of it is related to either bidding or negotiating policies when we've reached agreements. So I would say at this point that it's difficult for us to say with these movements in raw material, oil pricing that things that we can say hard and fast rule when we're going to be able to reflect any advantages that we get from lower raw material prices or when we'll have discussions with our customer base across the board.
Chuck Bunch: No I would say that as we reported in the fourth quarter, we continue to perform well versus a global industry growth rate. We think over time we have very capable competitors in this space and I think over time our growth rate should reflect overall industry growth trends on a long term basis.
Chuck Bunch: Well, Duffy, we did announce in the fourth quarter the acquisition -- the agreement for an acquisition with REVOCOAT or AXSON, the automotive OEM material supplier that has not closed yet, but that was announced in the fourth quarter and we still have a number of discussions and negotiations going on. So we remain confident and optimistic that we'll be able to deliver more acquisition growth here in 2015 and beyond. So I feel pretty good about it and we did get the other one announced that we haven't closed obviously, but I think that was a positive step and that will be a good opportunity for us going forward in our Industrial Coatings segment.
Chuck Bunch: Well, I would say at this point, David that we're looking to have maybe small incremental improvements in the overall gross margins with not only the acquisition of Comex, but also what we're seeing in our other businesses with some headwinds out there in terms of currency and the like. But we think it's going to be stable to slightly up in terms of margin performance. Obviously, we're going through this negotiation phase and we don't really know where raw materials and others have settled out. But I think there are some opportunities for improvement here, but right now I would say we're looking for stable to just slightly higher margin opportunities.
Chuck Bunch: This year, we have an early reporting date today so we haven't seen as much of a trend. There were some things happening in the fourth quarter with individual customers and inventory management, but I would say it's a little too early to say. I think what we did note in our recorded documents is that weather patterns looks like so far more of a normal winter here in North America, but we also benefited in the first quarter last year from very good weather in Europe. So right now, it's a little too early for us to see any significant trends overall for our business.
Chuck Bunch: Well on the auto OEM side first, Don, I would say that I think we've been benefiting from some technology developments especially as they apply to new plants in the developing regions. So we were well-positioned there to take advantage of brand-new plants that were converting to newer technologies. So I think it was a good fit with the technologies and position that we had and we've been growing nicely with some of the most successful companies on a global basis. So we were well-positioned with some of the customers that we’re growing the fastest so that we have been the beneficiary there in what has been overall a very good period for global automotive growth not only here or in China, but in general we've seen good growth trends for the industry and we think that we're positioned to do that over the next couple of years. But as we look at the competitive arena, these companies that we're competing with either globally or on a regional basis are capable organizations so that I would say that over time we would expect that the growth trends for our company would be similar to what we're seeing in the global industry growth trends. And the second question is the glass business; yes the flat glass business and we've been talking about this for the last several quarters. We've finally seen some improving trends there. We had obviously one disposition of one of our glass plants here in North America to Fuyao and we think that business in particular is positioned to improve results as we go through 2015. As we have talked about in the past, these businesses are let's call them less core and we continue, as we did with this sale to Fuyao, we continue to look for opportunities to create shareholder value in these businesses. So if we see the right opportunity or the right transaction in either this flat glass business or the fiberglass business we will certainly proceed and the timing at least if these trends continue will certainly be better than some of the things that we've faced over the last couple of years and we said we were going to be patient. So we're going to wait and see. This is still early days in the recovery, but very good trends here.
Chuck Bunch: So page 5, in Asia if we start there, Kevin -- the big growth driver for us has been China and we've had a number of end-use markets that have continued to perform well for us, automotive OEM, the refinish business the protective and marine coatings had good growth in industrial and businesses or segments like automotive parts. So we have been well-positioned in Asia and in Latin America I would say the biggest trend has continued to be the Mexican automotive and industrial end-use market where we've continued to perform well and that's not including this Comex acquisition. So let's call it the core or legacy PPG business in Mexico has continued to perform well. The South American market has been a little spottier, especially with the currency weakness, but most of that growth in that region has come out of our core legacy PPG business in Mexico.
Chuck Bunch: There was no deceleration. I would say we have a variety of -- that's called specialty coatings products and optical products that are in some cases tied into the electronics material value chain. So this can cause some lumpiness in terms of quarterly sales because of seasonal trends for equipment, electronic equipment and alike, but there was no underlying business weakness issues, that was just more of a seasonal pattern.
Chuck Bunch: Well, as you saw, Sabina, in 2014, we were fortunate that here in North America we were able to get a couple of smaller deals done in architectural and protective and marine coatings and then the big one here in the fourth quarter at Comex. So I would say that we're still seeing discussions and opportunities in every region, maybe for different reasons, but many of these companies, the small to medium sized companies that have been the core acquisition targets, they are moved by, in some cases, either succession planning issues or concerns around market weakness and alike. So for different reasons we're seeing discussions going on around the world. So I would say that we think as you saw after all these deals that we did in North America in 2013, 2014 and the announcement that we had in the fourth quarter around REVOCOAT, that's a European acquisition. So I think that shows you that we're engaged around the world and I would say that the patterns probably will continue this year.
Chuck Bunch: For us, I feel that our general industrial business performed well in 2014. Not every end-use market was as strong, it depended on the region. Most of the businesses were strong here in North America. In Europe, you still had some growth in automotive and automotive parts for a number of our industrial businesses are still some of the strongest end-use markets. Some markets specifically here in the U.S. you see the construction market is stronger, so we've performed well there. So I would say as we looked on for the full year of 2014, our Industrial Coatings or general industrial business did well overall even if not all the markets were growing at a consistent basis over all the regions. And in Europe, we saw some weakness there overall in growth rates, especially compared to some of the other regions, but we've worked hard in Europe to become more productive focused on our costs. The automotive business in Europe hasn't been a strong growth market, but it has grown low single digit percentages and we've been able to take advantage of again our technology and service capabilities. So we feel pretty good about the business overall and going into 2015 as well.
Chuck Bunch: I think it's more a potential. I think that's going to drive overall consumer spending if this continues. The shortest term impact in our business directly, we do sell into the oil and gas business in a couple of our businesses notably fiberglass for pipe or protective and marine has a component of their business which is directly tied to the oil and gas industry. We haven't seen -- in the fourth quarter, we didn't see any declines there for the most part, but we're watching now, sometimes maintenance rates actually go up a little bit during periods of lower activity. But I would say we're watching that, let's call it limited exposure to that market and I think the longer-term benefits of these lower gasoline prices here or in Europe we think they should start showing up here as we go through this year. Certainly you're seeing it at the pump with the prices and that's going to keep more dollars in the pockets of the ultimate consumers and give them more opportunities to increase spending across many, many categories. As you know in the coatings world, we're exposed to a broad range of end-use markets. So we think that should be positive for us and the industry.
Chuck Bunch: Well, I think we feel that 2015 is shaping up similar to the growth rates that we saw in the fourth quarter. Those were maybe slightly lower than the full-year 2014, but we're still looking for a positive growth here in the U.S. of North American market, China as well. Europe is going to we think still grow, but at a very modest level. So I would say it's closer to the growth rates that we saw in the fourth quarter.
Chuck Bunch: Well, I think a lot of the deals that we've been looking at are the small to medium-sized acquisition opportunities and there depending on the levels of synergy, we can see accretive transactions and so that's not necessarily a hard and fast rule for us and it has certainly played out in these recent transactions, but it just depends on what we feel is the best opportunity. Many of them we think we should be accretive over that first year or two after the acquisition, but not always in the first quarter or so. So we will continue to look at all of them, although we like the immediately accretive ones. It makes the discussions go a lot easier with our shareholders and analysts.
Chuck Bunch: I think it is possible for us to have positive volume growth. If you look at the GDP forecasts for Europe, they are not robust, but they are slightly positive so we can hope at this point to see positive volume growth. We're going to really also closely focus on our costs and productivity in Europe going forward. If we see the trends not improving as we've shown in the past, we will go after additional cost-reduction opportunities there or anywhere else in the world to keep this momentum going.
Chuck Bunch: Rich, our freight costs for the corporation are somewhere between 7% and 10% of our total cost bucket. A portion of that, just a portion of that is diesel-related. We do expect diesel prices to roll through the transportation bucket at some point, but it's a portion again of 7% of our total cost bucket. We also have another call it mid-single digit percentage from packaging materials. Some of those are oil-derived, some of those aren't. Again, as Chuck mentioned, as we get further and further out from the oil wellhead, some of those take much longer to work their way through the system.
Michael McGarry: Ghansham, this is Michael. First of all, I want to say that with the line reviews we did come out modestly ahead, so that's a net positive. I think when you think about the big boxes, they are all focused on getting more traffic into the stores. Once they get that additional traffic in the stores, they're trying to convert them at a higher rate and I think that's their strategy and we're certainly looking to be part of that higher retention and growth rate.
Michael McGarry: Bob, this is Michael. I think Frank covered some of this in his opening remarks, but think about 20% in Q1, 25% in Q2 and Q3 and 30% in Q4. Generally the mid-teens in the fourth quarter, it's a seasonally stronger quarter for them, so we'll start a little bit slower in the first quarter, but we'll build up and we have some good opportunities there. Their resin plant is not fully loaded, so we're looking at supplying our own Mexican operations with that. We've looked at some synergies as well. So I think right now we'll be trending toward that $30 million to $40 million synergy number that we gave you as well.
Michael McGarry: I think our view of the market hasn't changed, it's still oversupplied. You have billions coming on with the new chloride plant in China. We've looked at the preproduction samples; they are getting better, more consistent, it will be up and operational late in Q1 early Q2. When you look at the industry in general, we still plan to take out TiO2, get more formulation, 1% to 2%. We think our other folks that we compete with have similar type programs. We saw Comex had a similar program. So the trends that you see I think will continue.
Michael McGarry: Sure, Kevin, for 2014, we increased our store count by 35 through acquisition and 17 new. So that's a total of 52 plus 13 in Canada and then we also grew stores in Europe and of course with Comex they also added 174 concessionaires of which 32 of them were in the November/December timeframe. For next year, for 2015 that is, we have a count between 25 and 50 for the full year.
Michael McGarry: This is Michael. We still see very positive trends in the aerospace business. So I don't think that's going to change going forward. Our refinish business, we had I would call mixed results. The U.S. was by far the strongest and when you look at the trends that are driving that to lower gas prices, that's a positive, unemployment dropping that's a positive. Truck rate going up that's a positive, more congestion that's a positive. So I think we're going to continue to see good volume in our refinish business, but they are doing well in our light industrial and our commercial transport side. So overall, we're still very bullish on both of those businesses.
Michael McGarry: I would tell you that if you start with the macro, we're looking at housing starts being up 100,000, so that should be a positive. We're looking at the commercial market continuing to grow. The backlog is still there with our commercial painters. The dealer segment has been a declining segment, so we would expect that to decline 1% or 2% again. The big boxes should have modest growth as well, so I think overall I think you can probably draw a picture of what that overall trend line looks like.
Michael McGarry: As far as France, we are getting inside-the-can wins, we’re running commercial batches. It is going well; the customers are pleased with it. We also have BPA non-intent coatings commercially running in this space as well and those customers are happy as well. So this is going to be a trend that's going to continue probably slowly. It's not going to just jump right up. This is an area that we gave up line time in 2014 so that we could position ourselves to grow as a once in a generation change inside the can. As you know, we have very little share inside the can, so these are all positive moves for our packaging business. And I'm sure you saw that we had that positive volume in the fourth quarter as well. So I think it's looking up for us.
Michael McGarry: We're looking at the economy growing between 3% and 4%. We have higher expectations than that for our PPG Comex business so I think you could probably take 1.5 times that, as much as even two times that. We're really seeing that they've done well.
Michael McGarry: It's very small. We said we'd get $30 million to $40 million and we fully anticipate getting all of that.
Michael McGarry: We sold 62% of that on September 30, 2008. We did sell a small portion of that, the insurance and services business earlier this year which we did net out a gain. Right now, our partner is Kohlberg. They continue to look at everything. I would tell you it is business as usual.
Frank Sklarsky: Jeff, when we announced this deal the currency was 13.2, it peaked at about 14.7, it's trading today at 14.5. So it's up about 10%. But despite that, all the $0.65 to $0.75 of accretion that we expect on EPS we will deliver.
Frank Sklarsky: No, I don't know if you're looking at a pre-tax/post-tax number, but associated with the acquisitions primarily Comex is that $29 million that you talked about, it's a pre-tax number. Two-thirds of that is the inventory step-up, the rest of it is closing costs. So that's associated with Comex.
Frank Sklarsky: Yes, Duffy, this is Frank. So we ended this 2014 with about $1.2 billion in cash and we expect to generate over a $1 billion in both 2015 and 2016. Remember that's an amount that's after CapEx and after dividend. So what we're saying is without any of these additional actions, when you take that $1.2 billion and end up with something north of $3 billion by the end of 2016 and we intended to deploy $1.5 billion and $2.5 billion of that on acquisitions and share repurchase. So the difference on the cash flow number that you and I are quoting is really the dividend and the CapEx.
Frank Sklarsky: It's about half-and-half between the impact of the interest rates and the impact on mortality. The mortality tables do not get updated that often, but every several years folks that publish these things for corporate America do that and those came out in the fall. Folks like Mercer and other consultants, they go back-and-forth with this thing and negotiate what they think the most reasonable assumptions will be and then they get published to the world and so that's why it's rather infrequent on that element. The other element, the interest, is really based every year on the December 31 rate that's associated with a basket of debt securities that matches the maturity of our liability payouts to our participants. And that rate which is about 4.8% at the end of 2013 dropped to about 4% even at the end of 2014 which nobody would've expected at the beginning of last year, but that dynamic had an impact of $30 million of the $60 million of what we're looking for in terms of a headwind for 2015.
Frank Sklarsky: Yes, you're going to see that amongst a number of companies because we almost all of us use the same tables.
Frank Sklarsky: I think that if you look at the entirety of everything, we've always taken that balanced capital allocation strategy and we've said that acquisitions and share repurchase are really the two pieces of that and the allocation between those two will depend upon the acquisition pipeline and the pace of execution of that acquisition pipeline. So in any given quarter, you might see more of one, less of the other. We've said consistently that share repurchase will continue to be part of our capital allocation strategy. So chances are we will be in the market on a relatively consistent basis on that element, but what might drive the number of higher versus lower would be again at any time we might be in the market with share repurchase, but also could potentially have an acquisition come over the transom and reach completion in any given quarter. As we also said before, we really don't have a limitation in terms of our cash domicile because we have enough tax-planning strategies to have the cash where we need it when we need it to execute this magnitude of returning cash to shareholders or doing acquisitions.
Frank Sklarsky: It's definitely primarily the operating leverage and in the slide deck, you saw where we stand in terms of the volumes versus where we were pre-recessionary levels and we're still high teens below peak levels. So there is ample open capacity, capacity utilization capability in the EMEA region so that we can still accrete earnings at that 30% to 40% for every dollar to the bottom line. And as Chuck made some comments on the general industrial business, as that improves, as we continue to do well at high single digits in the aerospace business in that region and as things improve in the packaging sector, we also expect to accrete margins at a nice level because there is ample open capacity and good fixed cost leverage throughout 2015 and probably beyond.
Frank Sklarsky: Dmitry, the only thing I'd add to that, Chuck is absolutely right. The team over there is optimistic that we can look at modest growth consistent with 1% to 2% GDP industrial production projections over there, but keep in mind we're about 15 percentage points plus down on the exchange rate versus where we were last year. Current rate is about 117 on the euro versus high 120s, low 130s last year at this time.
