Vincent J. Morales: Thank you. Good afternoon, everybody. This is Vince Morales, Vice President of Investor Relations for PPG Industries. Welcome to PPG's first quarter 2012 financial teleconference. Joining me on the call today from PPG are Chuck Bunch, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Navikas, Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Our comments relate to the financial information released on Thursday, April 19, 2012. As a reminder, based on our modified quarterly earnings call process, approximately 1 hour ago, we posted detailed commentary and accompanying presentation slides on our Investor Center at ppg.com. The slides are also available on the webcast site for this call. We do not read those prepared remarks during this call. During the call, Chuck will share his perspectives on the company's results for the quarter, and then we will move directly to Q&A. Both the prepared commentary and discussion during this call may contain forward-looking statements, reflecting the company's current view about future events and their potential effect on PPG's operating and financial performance. These statements involve uncertainties and risks, which may cause actual results to differ. The company is under no obligation to provide subsequent updates to these forward-looking statements. This presentation also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The company has provided in the appendix of the presentation materials, which are available on our website, reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. For additional information, please refer to PPG's filings with the SEC. And now let me introduce PPG's Chairman and CEO, Chuck Bunch.
Vincent J. Morales: Yes, just for everybody's benchmark number, we paid just over $3 in the first quarter all-in for our natural gas. And again, as Chuck mentioned, that included a couple percent of some aged hedges, and those hedges have burned off so that we're naked at this point.
Vincent J. Morales: Saul, this is Vince. For the first quarter, we were very close to parity. Price ROS, I'd tell you, we still absorbed a tremendous amount of inflation last year. And although we were parity for the company, some of our businesses still have some room in order to get pricing to match raw inflation. As we look ahead, as Chuck mentioned, we expect moderate inflation. We are getting select pricing in a few of our businesses in Q2. So I expect we'll again be close to parity, and in some businesses, offsetting some of that absorbed inflation from last year.
Vincent J. Morales: That was our first half, and it's probably little too early to predict the second half at this point.
Vincent J. Morales: Saul, in the presentation we had on our website today, it had a detail by segment for the second half of 2012, as well as all of 2013. So we broke our projected savings down by segment for you and your peers.
Vincent J. Morales: Rob, just a quick -- because our architectural business is about 30% of our total Coatings business, architectural is where majority of our TiO2 is consumed. So a smaller profile there helps us relative to some of the peers. We've seen some of the organics come down year-over-year. Inflation, as Chuck mentioned earlier, has been spotty in those organics with oil. That would be the biggest decline.
Vincent J. Morales: It was a 0. As Chuck mentioned, our activity was a little better than we expected in the quarter. So it wasn't a drag or it wasn't a benefit either.
Vincent J. Morales: I think, Gaji, we've said all along that our core business is our Coating and Optical. That hasn't changed in certainly the 7 years Chuck's been CEO, and that's been our strategy: to grow in Coating and Optical.
Vincent J. Morales: Thank you. I'd like to thank everybody for their time today. If you have any further questions, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations group. I appreciate your interest in PPG. Thank you.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, the first question on the metrics around our targets for reducing TiO2 consumption on a per-gallon basis, we said 4% to 6% for this year. If you looked at the first quarter, John, we're between 1% and 2%, so on target with what we're looking for, for a full year reduction or productivity improvement in TiO2 usage. But we're where we said we would be, we obviously have focus teams, a big commitment from our R&D organization and all of our Coatings businesses to accomplish this. So we're on track there. And yes, we did make a announcement with our collaboration with Argex. At this point, we have not made a decision on what will be the full extent of our participation with them. And that could include, among other things, an investment on our part. But we're working closely with them now as they continue to advance the opportunity that they see in TiO2 production.
Charles E. Bunch: We still feel optimistic, Frank, about the recovery here in the United States. It's a little bit uneven, and I think we continue to receive a collection of data points and not all of which are kind of straight positive. But if you look at some of our markets, our important end-use markets like Aerospace or Automotive OEM, these markets have been very strong here in the U.S., and they continue that way. And I'm looking for a very good year in automotive production here in North America in 2012. On the architectural side, I think we've been open about the fact that we had a very mild winter; that, that probably contributed to some of the improvement that we saw in our architectural or construction-related businesses. I would say that I think there is underlying strength, though, in the market. We've seen the new home, on average, continue to tick-up over 10% from arguably a very low level. The home improvement area, apartments and some of those other end-use markets for Architectural Coatings continue to show, I would say, improvement. So I don't think it's just weather-related. We've argued here about what we think the pull-forward may have been. Most of our guys say, "Hey, it's probably about 2/3 or 3/4 of actual improvement, and the rest is weather." I can tell you as we look at the first few weeks of April, weather has continued to be pretty good, and I said we -- I would say we're off to a good start, continuing what I talked about in Automotive or Aerospace or Heavy-Duty Equipment, but also I think we're seeing more, more consistent strength on the architectural side.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, we still talk a lot about it, Don. But yes, we've had mixed results in hedging, certainly. And over the last 3 years, since all the shale gas came on the market, we've -- I think, we've been burned a little bit. Earlier in the last decade, we did benefit when the hedges or the prices ran up. So I think we think about it. We look at the forward months. So it makes some sense in the next 3 to 6 months if you wanted to lock it in. But you do start paying a premium if you go out 4 quarters or more. And I think to some extent, the market still seems to be -- have a high supply-demand ratio. There's talk of the inventories are full. There's not any more storage. But we did benefit, obviously, this year from a very mild winter. So we didn't get much of a drawdown. So I think as we get through the second into the third quarter, we're going to probably talk about this some more and look at it. Now, in the past, as you remember, Don, you'd also try to hedge around the hurricane season because most of that natural gas production came out of the Gulf. That's not the case as much now, but we still have to be sensitive around the winter usage, I think. And longer term, I think you will probably see some gas getting shut in. So we're not sure $1.90 is a going-forward assumption for the next 3 to 5 years. So I think your question is a good one, and we're going to continue to look at it.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, right now, yes, we're seeing the same things that you just talked about. There have been pricing initiatives on both the caustic and chlorine here over the last month up, but I would say that here in the near term, it looks like pricing is stable. We are attempting to get the increases that have been announced, but I would say going into the second quarter here, we're looking at stable prices. If you look at what's going to be happening later this year, I think there are a few variables. So right now, it's a little too early in the year to say how the second half's going to shape up. But certainly, I would say your comments are accurate around stable pricing here in the second quarter, although, I think ourselves and maybe other producers are trying to get some of those increased.
Charles E. Bunch: For us, I think there was at the end of 2011, both with some of the uncertainty in the market in the fourth quarter, as well as some of the Thailand situation, I think there was some de-stocking. So in the first quarter of this year, we have benefited, I think, from a return to more normal inventory levels. But as we look especially here in the U.S. and the European markets where we get better and faster market data, I would say there's been a nice recovery. I think the consumer is healthier here in the U.S. market, which is our strongest for Transitions. But we saw good at-market sales improvement in Transitions, and that was encouraging. So it certainly wasn't a case of just a restocking after the fourth quarter. We think that the second quarter is going to be another good one. We think that the consumer is getting healthier here in the U.S., and we're continuing to support the brand and the business at the same level. So we're looking for a good year this year.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, we've been saying that we've thought that we may see raw material, full basket, 3% to 5% kind of increases, and that would have included TiO2. And we came in for the year or we finished 2011, I would say, with a little more muted inflation on some of the organic raw materials. We've seen those -- some of those prices move up here in the first quarter on the spot side. Now you look at propylene pricing, ethylene, which we're not quite as sensitive to in some of our Coatings businesses, but you've seen some of the run-up in those costs here in the first quarter on the spot side. So that could lead to some pressure, continuing pressure on the organic side as we go through the year. Right now, I don't know that it's going to get any worse than I told you in terms of our forecast in the second quarter. But the second half, we'll have to see. You see oil prices coming down, but you do have some spot costs here on some of these building block chemicals moving up at least in this market. Now Asia and China, a little different story. Some of these raw materials have come down, including TiO2 in China is lower now. So I think we have -- you're going to have to look at the broad geographic picture here, and you're going to have some puts and takes. But certainly, Asia, with the growth rates a little lower than they have been and prices coming down, Europe with some of the weakness there, you're not seeing as much pressure. So it just depends on the geographic area, but I think overall, the percentages that I gave you are probably in the range.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, I would say what we're seeing, I think, we're all concerned that maybe how much did we pull-forward into the first quarter. I've described here in the U.S., anyway, that we're off to a decent start here in April. And I'm optimistic that we're going to see some continuing strength here in the housing market in the -- and in the home improvement area as well. I think that's been a pretty consistent story for us. As far as our share gains, we had good volume across all channels and combined with the pricing. We felt pretty good about all of the markets here in the U.S. Commercial construction, at least, the new commercial construction, hasn't been as strong, and that's been impacting our flat glass business. But we feel pretty good through the balance of the year. The new home construction is not the biggest part of the residential market, as you know. It's more tied to home improvement, anyway, both at the DIY and at the contractor level. So we feel pretty good about that, and we're pleased with what we've been able to accomplish with the new product introductions. You mentioned Olympic ONE. We had a very nice start for that product launch in 2011 in the middle of the year. That success appears to be carrying through here in 2012. So we're quite pleased with that introduction and where we are generally in the market and in the channels.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, if you look at the first quarter results, they were, I think, for us disappointing in the Glass segment. We have -- I felt, at least, in the case of the flat glass business, here have been fairly patient with the recovery that we're looking for eventually in the broader construction markets here in the U.S. and in the commercial construction market. So absent a really attractive offer that creates value, we're going to be patient and wait for what we think is good timing. We don't need the cash right now, but we are open to listen to opportunities if there are really interested parties in the business -- in either of the businesses in our Glass segment.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, I would say, Bob, that as we've looked at all our businesses in Europe, especially with the weakening conditions -- if you were to go back in time a few years, we bought SigmaKalon at the beginning of 2008. And at that time, the markets were, I would say, relatively stronger at that time, and certainly stronger than what we were seeing in the U.S. They didn't go into the recession as deeply. They didn't have some of the banking problems. And so we felt that we were well-positioned. Yes, we did take some costs out in those restructuring announcements at the -- in the third quarter of '08 or the beginning of '09. They weren't necessarily focused on SigmaKalon. Now with what we see overall in the market, I would say that that's -- there's an opportunity there in that business, in particular, to consolidate further in many of the functional areas to integrate further with the rest of our PPG businesses in Europe. And with the outlook in the market being as weak as it is, we thought it was better to move forward now and do the restructuring that we can do now in -- I wouldn't say in advance of the downturn because we're experiencing that now, but try to get our cost position even better to withstand and hopefully improve on the earnings that you're seeing in this weak market. But if things do deteriorate further, which we're not seeing -- I mean, we're seeing weakness, but we're not seeing a free fall in the businesses there. We felt that we would be better positioned going forward.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, I've talked about this over the years, and I think that was one of the goals as we focused the portfolio more over the last 4 or 5 years to make sure that we were getting recognized as a coatings and specialty company. And I think by and large, if you looked at the years after the SigmaKalon acquisition and the divestiture of half the Glass business that was at the -- in 2008, I thought that we made significant progress. And we're being, I think, viewed more closely aligned, let's say, to coatings and specialty peers. That gap's opened up a little bit again. We're aware of that. Is it the Commodity Chemicals? I'm not sure because the business is performing quite well. We do have more European exposure than some of our peers. So I would say that we're aware of it. We tried not to look at this thing on a short-term basis and react. I try to let the analyst community, you and your peers, kind of try to educate and guide the market in terms of our company and what we're doing, and -- but we're not unaware, I would say. And I think if it persists, we have opportunities, whether it's share buybacks or further focusing on the portfolio, which we are prepared to do. We've shown we will make acquisitions. We will pursue organic growth in Coatings and specialties, and we are willing to make divestitures when we feel that we have a good opportunity to create shareholder value. But I note -- duly noted, I'm not going to go on a value rant, Bob, but we're aware of the opportunity for us and maybe it's that we have to do a better job here for making sure people understand our company and what we're doing. And I think our performance has been very strong, and we're going to just try to keep delivering and hopefully, that will be recognized.
Charles E. Bunch: I would say we had, as I mentioned earlier, we had good growth, both overall sales growth and volume growth in all 3 of the channels. That's the DIY, the -- our store network and our independent dealer channel. I would say DIY may have been slightly stronger. But it's hard for us to say this early in the season if that -- what was happening out the door versus some elements of de-stocking and the like. But I would say that foot traffic on all the stores and including the ones that I visit both on our own or our local Lowe's stores, foot traffic's been up consistently, and so we're encouraged that it's broader-based.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, at this point, we are -- we're continuing to look at acquisitions as we historically have. I really can't comment if anything is imminent, but we continue to work the pipeline that we have. We've tried to remain a disciplined buyer and find the right valuations. And I would say obviously, as I have in the past, if we can't find those acquisitions with the cash that we have on the balance sheet, we would accelerate share buybacks through the course of the year. If you look last year, we were around $900 million in terms of share buybacks. We were certainly well below that rate in the first quarter, and so we have some dry powder if, in fact, acquisitions don't materialize. And our organic capital spending, we're not seeing anything out of the ordinary here. So I think we're prudently funding the businesses. Our biggest projects, which were 2 that we did in China last year, the Zhangjiagang resin plant plus the Tianjin automotive coatings and industrial coatings plant in China. Those were our biggest projects last year. They're -- the resin plant up and running, successful. So we think that it's -- we're going to have what I would call a modest organic capital spending profile this year. So we will have some flexibility if we can't find the acquisitions.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, if you looked at the components of -- or the SBU components of the Performance Coatings, I would say for us, the biggest SBU in there, automotive refinish, had a good -- it had a solid first quarter. It wasn't a shoot-the-lights-out quarter. We had pretty good growth here in North America, actually, in Asia-Pacific also quite well. Europe, on the auto refinish side, was a little weaker. But overall, it was -- there was volume growth, and it was a fairly solid quarter, I would say. And on the protective and Marine side, Marine has been one of the businesses we've talked a lot about, especially the Chinese OEM marine building. The first quarter actually wasn't quite as weak as it had been here in the second half. Korea was a little better. The protective side for us here in North America and actually in Europe kind of took up some of the slack. So I would say the protective and marine market was okay. But the real strength in our Performance Coatings, Aerospace had a really excellent quarter, and they are doing very well across all their product lines. And with our inroads into -- with some of these new products in the commercial aviation and the strength of some of our customers like Boeing and Airbus, those guys are doing really well, and doing really well in terms of an operational excellence strategy. So we're really pleased with that business. And also the architectural business in North America is in that Performance Coatings segment. And as we've been describing, they had a very solid first quarter. So it's kind of -- it was kind of mixed, but I would say, overall, there weren't any really weak stories, but some certainly a little stronger than others.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, let's just talk about the regions. I think you've heard from my comments, we're optimistic on the North American market and the U.S. across all of the end-use markets. We're not seeing anything here in the U.S. that's particularly weak. Yes, some are stronger, like Aerospace or Automotive OEM, but Architectural's been good, and a lot of the other industrial activity is also good here. In Europe, there's a couple of markets that are a little better. Aerospace there is quite good. The packaging business has been good, but Europe is weaker in auto OEM, slightly weaker in auto refinish. And our volumes were down slightly in European architectural. They were offset with productivity and some pricing action. So overall, you saw our architectural earnings grow, and the margins were up slightly in kind of an off -- in this first quarter, which is the off season. So Europe was weaker with a couple of segments that weren't quite as bad. In China, a slightly different story. And usually, what we've seen, Duffy, is you come out of January and February, depending on where Chinese New Year falls, then you really see -- you things roar back in after Chinese New Year and in -- certainly in March. In China today, I would say the construction markets are weaker than they've been, so we didn't see that pick up. We thought that consumer electronics, which affects our -- both our fiberglass and our Industrial Coatings segment, those were weaker through the first quarter even given that Chinese New Year effect. Now there's some other segments that we think are okay, Packaging. Automotive refinish was a good business in China, and now we have a little more optimism on China here in the second quarter. We don't think that -- we think that the -- the Automotive OEM market is going to be a little better. We're not looking for a pick-up on the construction side. But we're starting to see some improvement also in consumer electronics. So it's a little out of the seasonal patterns over there. But we do have a leadership change in China later this year. Usually, the government has an impact on economic activity over there, whether it's trying to provide incentives around the infrastructure building or incentives for buying more fuel-efficient cars and the like. And we think we'll see some of that as we go through the year. They're trying to manage this inflationary pressure that they're feeling. You saw some of the movements on the currency as well. So I think China, we're going to continue to watch, but we didn't see anything that was really alarming in the first quarter. Out of season, yes. Second quarter, actually, we're thinking things are going to be a little better, although, the growth rates aren't as high as they have been in the last few years.
Charles E. Bunch: I think the overall market will be down slightly. If you look at -- and then it's going to just depend on the country or the market. But right now, I would say there's probably more countries that are weaker than stronger. So you still have the problems in the Mediterranean countries, where we don't have a lot of participation. Eastern Europe, with the exception of Poland, has been weak. You see markets like France and Germany and the Benelux, which have held up relatively well, I would say, over the first quarter. And we're not seeing anything that's dramatically different as we go into the second quarter.
Charles E. Bunch: No, we're not closing. There are no plant closings in Coatings in Europe with this restructuring. And so at this point, we are using this as productivity improvements. We're not trying to shed unprofitable business. If you remember last year, we did lose one customer; not to something that we did, but they -- this was in the U.K. where we had a large customer declare bankruptcy in the second quarter. So that volume went away, and we had a charge in the second quarter of last year, which we don't expect to repeat here in 2012.
Charles E. Bunch: David, it's really too early in our collaboration. And they're in the early stages. They have ore -- access to ore supplies. They have the beginnings of a process, but I would say we're some time away from having a good assessment on what the volumes or what our relationship is going to be. You're probably, at this point, better asking those questions at the Argex team rather than us at this point.
Charles E. Bunch: This is an emerging issue for us. We're just starting to talk about it this week with some of the publicity and with some of the things that the auto companies are doing. We had this experience last year around with the Japanese earthquake and tsunami. So it's -- and this is a -- it's not part of our supply chain. So we're not fully aware of all the impacts that this is going to have. I'm a little -- I think I'm learning about it as many of you are and I'm concerned. But at this point, we have no information on what the impact would be and we're following events closely.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, we would say if you looked within the segment, the Optical business was stronger than precipitated silica business and the Teslin business. Precipitated silica and Teslin had very good quarters. But I would say that if you looked at the improvement, it was driven more by the recovery in the improvement in Optical. And those margins, I would say, have been fairly consistent over the last few years. We had a couple of quarters last year where they weren't quite as strong in Optical, but they were picked up by Silica. So I think in general, we're going to see margins around what we've talked about here. Going forward, I think I described that the second quarter looks solid for both segments. And so I would say we're looking to sustain margins around that 30% level over time, which -- and I think we've been fairly consistent these last few years.
Charles E. Bunch: I think what we're seeing -- we've been actively developing these products for a number of years. In fact, this is a trend that we've been preparing for, for some time. The regulatory environment is, I think, still favorable for changes, but I think what we're seeing now is more of a pull from the consumers. And the consumer packaged goods companies are more aware of this. I think they view it as an opportunity to engage with their consumers and drive value and positioning in the market. So some of the -- what I would say some of the inertia in supply chain or the value chain over the years has now, I think, changed. And you see the end users -- or in packaging parlance, the fillers -- actively engaged in the qualification and -- of these new BPA-free or BPA non-intend products. And I think it'll be an opportunity for all of the packaging coatings companies to provide solutions, create additional value that will have benefits for the consumer. So I think right now, this is actually a more favorable environment than over the years when we've been developing the products, but really didn't know when or where they were going to be introduced or qualified.
Charles E. Bunch: Oh, yes, we have sales right now. In fact, we had sales last year of these initial sales. Obviously, still modest, but we see that picking up. So this is -- these are not just future potentials. We're seeing it right now. And, in fact, many of the exporters in Asia or some of the food producers that bring food into the developed markets as well or -- whether it's in tuna fish or whatever, they're also actively working on programs here. So it is, I would say, it's more broad-based and yes, the sales are there right now.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, that's hard for me to comment on, I think, fully. You'd -- I think the better source is the TiO2 producers. I think earlier in the Q&A, I commented that, obviously, the market here in North America is stronger, including the architectural market. But Europe, as I've been talking about, is actually a bigger TiO2 market and that's been weaker, and the volumes have been lower. And also in Asia and particularly in China, where the volumes are lower we have the Chinese -- albeit sulfate producers for TiO2, quite active. So I would say the pricing dynamics for TiO2 are -- appear to be different depending on the region of the world, and there have been a lot of announcements. We have said that there are probably some increases that we will have to accept in certain regions from certain suppliers. But we are actively in discussions now to try and minimize the impact to our company of what's going on in the TiO2 market.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, I would characterize it as there are -- if you look at the 2 acquisitions that we made in Coatings that we closed on in January, one in Europe and a smaller company in South America, now, I would say those are more typical of the opportunities that we see right now. I think there is still more consolidation to take place in Europe. So I think there's potentially more opportunities. But again, as we've been talking about on the call, growth rates are not as good. It's a very weak economic environment over there. So if you do make acquisitions in Europe, you're going to have to extract synergies and the like to justify the acquisition. So again, opportunities over there, but I think you have to be selective because the overall economic environment is so weak. In Asia, I think that things are changing a little bit. Growth rates are coming down overall for the economy and some of these end-use markets, but I'm not sure yet that the kind of the expectations of the companies that could be for sale have changed in view of the lower growth assumption. So I think there may be some give-and-take here if we're going to see completed acquisitions in Asia that we're all going to have to come together on what we think the expected future growth rates are going to be and what that's going to do in earnings. We haven't seen as much activity here in North America. There's not as many available properties, so it's difficult for to me to say. But I'd say Europe because it's weak and Asia because it has been strong, and the people may be a little -- still trying to get some of those values, are going to be where you see more activity.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, the way we look at the global market, it's about half Protective, which is big infrastructure projects or maintenance spending and manufacturing locations, and about half Marine. But that half of Marine is split between the OEM or new builds and the aftermarket. And I would say that the longer-term trends on the Protective side, I wouldn't describe as lumpy. Typically, the most cyclicality that you would get on these segments would be the Marine new build segment, and this is the one that we probably highlighted more over the last 1.5 years because we have -- we were working off a very big backlog. And then after the big recession and some of the declines in global trade and what was happening in the shipping industry, you saw them working through that backlog, and that will -- that's still coming down. And we've seen some of that -- some of those freight, the freighters or -- being replaced by, let's call it, the drillships and things that are more tied to oil and gas exploration and the like. So I would say that protective should have an opportunity if there's a global upturn in infrastructure spending. And certainly, some of the governments like China are spending a lot as is Brazil, as is the recovery here, this whole manufacturing and industrial recovery in the U.S. So all these, I think, are positive signs on the Protective side. And that's going to be a positive and stable growth as opposed to what we still see as some continuing weakness on the Marine new build.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, I guess -- I think we're starting to see prices come down in Europe for some of the properties. But again, it's -- you have to make some assumptions about when you're going to see an upturn. Even our Dyrup acquisition, which we think will be a positive one, our expectations for top line growth are limited in that business, and we are trying to develop good plans for synergies and integration with the rest of the business. So we're -- there's a lot of maybe, and could be especially in these Mediterranean markets, distressed properties. And yes, I think we talked earlier on the call about even though -- we think we've demonstrated that our European business is, even in this weaker economic environment, is fine. I mean, we have our earnings growth in our EMEA architectural business, albeit modest, but -- so we think we're going to be fine. But I think some people have been waiting to see how we will perform with the European business that we have. So we're not afraid of Europe. We'll make additional acquisitions if we think any fit. But right now, we are also focused on executing and getting our cost lower. So we'll be fine, regardless of whether things continue weaker or yes, we see an eventual upturn.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, I think we've seen some variability in the numbers of the markets. We've talked -- I think we talked about some of the end-use markets in China, and some were pretty good. Others, we saw some more weakness. So I think I commented that Poland was pretty good in Eastern Europe, but some of the other Eastern European countries were weaker. South Africa, not a really big market for us, but we do we have a decent-sized business there. That's been weaker. So it is, I guess, spotty in terms of how the -- these emerging markets or even what you describe as emerging markets. And arguably one of the situations we're watching, although, we don't again have a huge exposure, is Argentina where there's a lot of interaction now going on at the government level with economic policy, and it's one where we do have some concerns as an example. So these would be 4 or 5 examples of yes, things are in general good, but we can find markets, either countries or end-use markets, that have some stress in them or not as consistent growth as we've seen in the past.
