Michael McGarry: No, it's fairly broad based, but the one that has the most amount of impact on is epoxy. As you know, we use epoxy in many of our different businesses, whether it's packaging, OEM, industrial. And those -- that will probably continue, I would say, for -- because it's winter over there, they're trying to especially get their air better. Big coal burning time for them. We don't have any insight to whether that's going to continue or not. But obviously, at these levels, there are a lot of people making a lot of money. So we wouldn't be surprised if there's some additional capacity added elsewhere. But right now, we anticipate that raw materials should start to moderate, but we're not perfect prognosticators on that, by the middle of the year.
Michael McGarry: Well, every business in PPG, without exception, has announced price increases. And some of them, in 2017, announced 2 and another 1 in 2018. So we'll have to look at this as we go through the year. It wouldn't surprise me that there could be additional announcements. But we don't want to get ahead of inflation at this point, and we want to work constructively with our customers. But right now, as you know, we are net negative if you take raws minus pricing.
Michael McGarry: Well, I would tell you, in Mexico, October was soft. We had a little bit better November and a very good December. So for the quarter, we were actually flat. That's the first flat quarter we've ever had in Comex since we've owned it. From a sales perspective, we were up because we were able to get the price to offset the raws down there. In the U.S., I would say, it was more of a mixed bag because, as you know, it depends upon the size of the house, how quickly they can get paint on the wall once they start repairs. And so it was not a -- I would say that, probably, we didn't benefit that much yet. We still expect to see some benefits. But we have nice mid-single digits in our company-owned stores, and it was in all the regions. We didn't have any region that was weak from that perspective.
Michael McGarry: Okay. So the one after raw materials and epoxy, you have propylene is, obviously, a major driver for us. And propylene is up significantly U.S. year-over-year. It's up in Europe year-over-year and Asia. And then you have crude. This time last year, I think crude was about $55. Now it's $69 for Brent and it's $64 for WTI. So I think that's going to flow through into solvents. So you have to watch that. So those would be the key ones. As far as efficiency improvements, we always are trying to optimize our formulas, Frank. So if you think about some of the additives, some of the solvents that are in there, to the extent that we can shift more of our customers from solvent-based to water-based, that would be a positive. From the ability to change the formulation mix to, I would say, away from propylene and more toward ethylene, that's a positive for us. So that's how we're thinking about that.
Michael McGarry: Well, Frank, we've already announced two small ones so far this year. I would tell you that we're going to continue to have acquisition opportunities. I had a person in the other day that made a verbal commitment, so we'll have to work our way through it. It's a family. So it doesn't always happen at the rate I would like. But the pipeline looks good. We're going to continue to work at it. We have good visibility into these things. So when we start talking, we know whether it's going to be a 2Q close or a 3Q, so we'll be able to moderate our buybacks to make sure that we're at or above the $3.5 billion that we've committed.
Michael McGarry: Well, I think Easter affects different businesses different ways. So that's why we wanted to put that out there, on the 1 less shipping day for Q1. We do know that the build rate for automotive in the first quarter is not significant. It's relatively flat, so you can factor that in. But we are gaining share in a number of our other businesses. So when you think about packaging, that's a business we're gaining share in. When you think about industrial, we've had 4 years in a row where we grew share in our Industrial Coatings business. Then you think about our specialty coatings and materials, we're excited with our OLED product. That has been doing very well. And aerospace and refinish have just been very, very solid businesses. And as you know, Boeing and Airbus's backlogs are still there. I know they pushed hard to get a lot of planes out in the fourth quarter. But we still are optimistic that they're going to continue to build more planes in '18 than they built in '17. So I'm reasonably confident that it's not going to be a straight line, but we're going to have a good year.
Michael McGarry: Well, it could vary by product line. But if you think a lot of our customers, I mean, the aerospace guys, the refinish guys, automotive, I mean, a lot of these things are just-in-time kind of delivery, so they're not into that. The only place that you could envision that is our dealer segment and our -- where you have an independent businessman who says, Okay, I'm going to get ahead of the curve. I'm going to buy a little bit more. But they would have to then be buying paint in the fourth quarter, a quarter early before the paint season. So that would be one area that you could see some of that.
Michael McGarry: No, we spent the money that we said we were going to spend. The $20 million I referenced was for the full year. And so we would expect to continue to do that. I think when you look at what we're trying to accomplish with growing, getting our organic growth rate up, these are investments in our business that we're going to continue to do, and we just want to let you know when we're doing them.
Michael McGarry: I think, aerospace, that's an easy one, it's more indicative of what -- low to mid-single digits in aerospace. The market grew, we think, 3%. We outgrew the market. We would expect to see a similar type performance in 2018. As far as Brazil, we think Brazil was on the early path of a recovery. We're fortunate that we have strong businesses in Brazil, whether it's our automotive business, our industrial, our packaging, our refinish, all folks that have done very well down there. And so we kind of outgrew a little bit faster than Brazil. I think for 2018, we should then start to match more the growth rate down there. So I think overall, I think our Latin American team did an outstanding job in 2017.
Michael McGarry: Well, from a coatings standpoint, most of the folks that we compete with are global coatings companies. And as global coatings companies, they are, I would say, very responsible operators. And not only that, but generally, because we're #1 in all the segments there, except for architectural, I would say that a lot of those folks generally have capacity. So if they're asked to shut down for 2 days because of a Beijing event or if they're asked to shut down for 3 days in Shanghai, they're able to make that up on other days. So we have not seen any indication of that, that they have been negatively impacted, but that would be a good question for you to ask them.
Michael McGarry: Yes. I think, Christopher, the markets where we have been most successful are North America and Europe. Those are the more mature regions. The folks in Asia, there's many things for sale there, but the multiples are not value creating to our shareholders. So eventually, one day, that'll be in our bailiwick. So you can expect that most of these will be in the North American, European space. And then the other one, the way to think about this, is the markets that are the least consolidated are protective and marine, industrial and architectural. And so those would be the areas that would have a more of a target-rich environment, if you will.
Michael McGarry: Well, I think you've seen in historical past that because we have additional capacity in Europe, we don't have to add any overhead or any people to produce additional volume in Europe. So we had the highest incremental margins in Europe, which tend to be 30% to 40%. So we're always very happy to see growth in Europe. What we're seeing right now is the growth in the Northern European countries continues to be pretty good. France is the one area that still has not turned the corner. We see some recovery in Southern Europe. The one watch-out is the U.K., Brexit. We see retail, especially in the U.K., as being weak, and so we're paying close attention to that.
Michael McGarry: I would actually say that the architectural European team has been one of our leaders as far as getting price up. We've been successful in the U.K., the Benelux, France, Italy, Denmark. So we've had good success in, what I would call, Western Europe. It's a little bit more of a challenge in Eastern Europe, where it's more fragmented. We have folks that are still focused more on volume than margin recovery. But I think, as people look at their year-end results, people are going to see the squeeze. The problem in coatings, of course, is a huge percentage of your cost of manufacturing is raw materials. So you cannot ignore this. So they might ignore it 1 or 2 quarters, but it's staring them in the face. And I think we'll see more folks get serious about closing their -- recovering their margins. So I'm actually happy with our architectural European team.
Michael McGarry: We're not going to talk about the magnitude. I don't think our customers want us talking about that. But every business is out trying to get price right now.
Michael McGarry: Well, I would think the hurricanes will have -- it will have a positive impact. I don't think it's going to be something that you'll necessarily be able to pick out. I mean, certainly, in the Houston stores, the Florida stores, are seeing some positive momentum. So I'm pleased to see that. But I think when you look at the overall market for architectural in the U.S., we're still predicting that to be in that 2% to 3% range, probably the high end is 4%. And more of that to the company-owned stores and less of it, of course, the dealers are the most challenged segment, and then the retailers are in the middle. So I would say that's not too different. We're not expecting a different trend line. You still have the do-it-for-me going on. That's still a significant thing. And you still have -- labor for the painters is challenged, they're -- not always have enough painters out there in the marketplace. So that is also holding back a little bit the growth rate. But overall, I would expect to see similar trends.
Michael McGarry: Well, I think the way we always think about this, David, is you win some and you lose some in the big-boxes. A lot of times, they want to keep you on your toes. And as you see, we won the Timeless paint and Timeless stain. That filled a gap that they had in their offering at the Home Depot. They've been extremely pleased with that. And the number of stores we're going into in '18 will be higher than '17. But you can lose some as well. As far as any particular retailer, it would probably not be appropriate for us to comment on their plans. We obviously are always talking to all our large retailers about how we can improve their business.
Michael McGarry: Well, there was a rebalancing, but it was more on a regional basis in 2016. I think we talked about that late '15, early '16, where we preferentially wanted more share in Asia because we viewed that as a growing market and preferentially gave up share in the U.S. That has worked out very well for us. We're not aware of anything that's going to be a material change though, in 2018. Typically, when they do these things, they are apt to let them run for a few years before they make any other changes.
Michael McGarry: Well, the way I think about that, Steve, and I think we've talked about this the last two earnings calls, is that we have been leading the price up. And when you lead price up, you sometimes get penalized. But we always thought we would get our share back because at the end of the day, when our competitors also go in and ask for a price, then they get penalized. And so we'll end up getting share back. So I think what you're seeing here is some of this flowing back to PPG as other people are out there also trying to recover their margins. So that's the way I would think about that. I do see us continuing to innovate very well. So if you look at the businesses that are performing above market, think about refinish, we have the best water-based products out there. And as that product grows around the world -- think about China, what's going on right now. They're going to ask for more water-based products. We are in a great position to supply that need. When you think about our INNOVEL coatings for packaging, and people want to take Bisphenol-A out of the epoxy coatings, we're in a position to deliver that. When you think about innovation in the aerospace business, whether it's the cool coatings, whether it's lightweight sealants or whether it's higher-performing transparencies, we're delivering that. So I think the volume growth is being supplemented by technology, and we're happy to see that come through.
Michael McGarry: Well, I think I would answer it this way. The more sophisticated the market, the more likely they value the technology. So if you're in a value segment, they're not going to pay for high-priced technology. If you're in a high-performing segment, they're going to pay for technology.
Michael McGarry: Sure, Patrick. I think the most meaningful thing is that new build deliveries in the fourth quarter are up 2%. That's the first positive new build deliveries in quite some period of time. China has been growing share at the expense of Korea. So that's another good data point for you to be aware of. But what I always remind people is that we don't put paint on a ship until 18 months after we take orders. So the fact that we're taking higher orders now won't show up in the order book for quite some period of time. The good news is our marine -- protective and marine business collectively was a net positive. So the growth in protective exceeded the growth -- or the decline in marine, and earnings were up year-over-year in that segment due to very tight cost control. So I think that's a positive.
Michael McGarry: Yes, and we expect it to be negative in Q1 as well. So if you're looking for an inflection point, it'll be sometime in the back half of 2018. But we expect protective to be growing at a faster rate than it's declining, and that'll be a positive.
Michael McGarry: I think you'll see some orders placed, but it's probably a little bit early for that to be out there. You're probably a couple quarters ahead of the curve.
Michael McGarry: So we took out about 1% of our TiO2 in 2017. We expect to take out 1% to 2% in 2018. We're trying to make our formulas more efficient and still provide as good or better quality on the final corrosion protection for our customers as well as other properties. So TiO2 pricing itself, I would say, is starting to moderate. I think you know that one of the, well, in fact, the largest supplier is trying to take a different approach to the pricing, where they go to market in that regard. We'll have to wait and see how the other folks react. But we certainly have been watching this closely, and I would think there is some small increases expected in the first half of 2018.
Michael McGarry: I don't think, Kevin, there's anything that's going to flip bad from the fact that we have a cold weather. Obviously, the -- you can see the company-owned store sales dropped in the last couple of days when Houston was 15 degrees and snow. But conversely, Houston had ice and snow on the road. That means there are a lot of refinish opportunities for us. So this is the first year that refinish might come out of the winter with a substantial backlog. So I would say it's more likely to be a positive than a negative, but it's very, very difficult to put a number on it.
Vincent Morales: And John, if I could add. This is Vince. We've seen this all year long in China. Again, more rigid enforcement of existing rules, and it's affected not only the epoxies that Michael mentioned, it's affected other baskets of raw materials as well. So I'd call it more of a rolling -- kind of a rolling outage or production curtailment.
Vincent Morales: Ghansham, this is Vince. If you compare Q3 to Q4 volume growth, the biggest accelerant was Europe. So if you ask what the difference is, it's a recovery we're seeing in Europe. Michael alluded to it in the call -- on the prepared remarks, excuse me, with respect to the industrial activity we're seeing there.
Vincent Morales: Well, if you look at that segment, Ghansham, there are seasonality pieces to that segment, including automotive. Within the automotive industry, there's seasonality by -- it's different seasonality by region. So it's hard to really compare Q3 and Q4. I understand what you're trying to do, but we didn't see anything that's material that would have changed the mix other than the regional -- the typical regional seasonal differences between the quarters.
Vincent Morales: Kevin, this is Vince. It's very, very scarce that, that happens, and it's not really meaningful to the company overall.
Vincent Morales: Yes, Chris, this is Vince. Again, every business and every region has a different target, depending on what's happening within those regions and we'll work with our customers on what those targets are independently. We're not going to broad brush that comment. It's not appropriate for us or our customers. I think the comment Michael made earlier is what we -- what you should probably think about it, is we're expecting minimal abatement of raw materials in the first half. We're behind the curve in terms of recovery, and our objective is to fully recover as we progress through 2018.
Vincent Morales: And if you look, I think we're yielding results on them. So we'll continue to measure that versus the results we're yielding.
Vincent Morales: Well, let me try to answer your question, Jeff. So I think if you look at our numbers right off of our statement, we had just over $2 billion of income. To your point, we had another $460 million roughly of depreciation. That'd be about $2.5 billion of not exactly EBITDA but close to that term. We did include, in our appendix, I think, what we paid in cash taxes. That was just under $600 million. So that would take us down to about $1.9 billion in terms of potential cash. If you look at our operating working capital, which is on one of our schedules, even though our percentage was down, the absolute dollars were up about $70 million, because of the growth we had in sales. And then as we alluded to in a prior earnings call, we did have a gain on the sale of the fiberglass business. So we had to pay tax on that gain, and that's several hundred million dollars. And then there's always some minor things we would call like pension contributions, et cetera. So I think if you aggregate all that up, you'd get down to somewhere in the $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion range you were talking about.
Vincent Morales: And Grace, if I could just intervene. I think one of the -- long term, we're supportive of good environmental enforcement. We have a whole plethora of products that we think are advantaged versus smaller players in the marketplace. And we think, for the multinational coatings companies, once we get through this transitory inflationary trend, this is a good signal for future demand and again, for those that have the products that can support this environmental enforcement.
Vincent Morales: No, Dmitry. It's the former. Typically, we do see some raw material price compression in Q4. As Michael said in the prepared remarks, we actually saw the opposite this quarter. That's why that delta opened up a little bit. We don't -- again, we think that's transitory. We do expect inflation in Q1, but we had inflation in Q1 of last year as well.
Vincent Morales: David, we think the puts and takes in a given year typically offset each other, and that's what we expect in 2018 as well.
Vincent Morales: There's a variety of different programs we have going on, again, targeted at growing our overall volumes, which we've seen improve for the last 6 or 7 quarters. It's both in the home center channel as well as our store channel. So it's across the board. Again, as I mentioned earlier, we're measuring the efficiency of that spending. If we see more value in doing more, we will. If we don't feel it's returning what we'd hoped to yield off if it, we'll back off of that.
Vincent Morales: Hey Don, Vince. We're not going to get into individual businesses. These are all big customers, as you know. We work with them individually, either globally or by region. We have seen further price improvement/price traction versus prior quarters. We expect that to continue well into 2018. Most of these folks have some price delay in their minds, at least, if not in contracts. So again, I think you'll see an uptick in 2018 as -- in this particular segment as the year progresses.
Vincent Morales: Don, we're comfortable we're going to continue to get price certainly in the first half of the year, if not throughout the whole year. The wild card is, as I know you're acutely aware, is what happens to raw materials when you get to April-May time period. That could be an inflection point up or down in 2017. Unfortunately, that was an inflection point upwards. So our visibility is only 60 days or so. But the answer to your question, I think, will be unfolding as we get into early to mid-second quarter.
Vincent Morales: Jim, this is Vince. Michael, you may not have heard the question earlier, but Michael answered a similar question earlier. We thought we were picking up some of -- regaining some of the business from early in 2017, and we were proactive on pricing.
Vincent Morales: No, I think what we're trying to address is what's in the target zone, what's available to us. We've financial capacity to do a large deal. If one would present itself, that would be something we would certainly look at. But when we're looking at what we have today in the pipeline, Michael was trying to address that question of what's in the pipeline today.
Vincent Morales: Yes. This is Vince again. If you look, we said this many times, if we have volume, we typically have very good incremental margins on that volume. We did -- secondarily, we did secure additional pricing versus Q3 in that particular segment, and Q4. Those are 2 elements that allowed us to get above margin parity year-over-year.
Vincent Morales: Well, I think, Kevin, as you pointed out, this is the first time, in 2017, we think the market is running about flat. You'll have to wait and see what other folks, when they announce, what they come out with, so this is our assumption. But there is the concern I would -- not the concern, but the caution I would throw out there is Q4 is typically a very seasonally light quarter. So I wouldn't use that as a proxy. That -- as Michael alluded to earlier, the do-it-for-me market is certainly stronger. And so I wouldn't read anything particular or draw any trend lines from Q4. We hope it remains flat to up next year in 2018, but we'll have to get to the end of the paint season to make that a reality.
