Michael McGarry: Well, David, it's certainly going to make it a little bit more challenging. But all the conditions are still there, right? You have refinish that's going to have an improved outlook. Miles driven are closing in on 2019 levels. Automotive OEM is still light. I mean, we got 24.5 million builds in China. We have a supply deficit in the U.S. The fleets haven't been rebuilt, so that's still there. Aerospace is coming back at a very strong level. And I'm sure you saw the Farnborough announcements about the new planes. So you're going to have not only aftermarket doing better, but OEM doing better. You have the synergies we've talked about. We have $30 million in synergies just in the quarter alone, productivity and manufacturing and then price raws, even though we haven't built that in, I'm sure somebody is going to ask later on the call about that. We see certainly raw material pricing getting a little weaker in China. We know it's going to get weaker in Europe, and that's going to free up additional. And then we still have ability to have cash deployment. So I think all options are on the table, and I think we're still pretty confident that the outlook remains good for PPG.
Michael McGarry: Sure, Ghansham. Let's start with the fact that what's going to be different this time is, look, in the U.S., we have full employment, and you have people with a lot of money in their pockets. And so even if the Fed over tightens, I'm still looking for people to maybe partially slow down, but it's not going to be anything significant. I would say that right now, there's a strong likelihood that people are going to continue to spend money in the U.S. Certainly, we see a slowdown coming in Europe. I got to be honest, I'm not as worried as other people are about gas rationing in Europe. And the reason for that is when you think about the size of the automotive business, the size of the chemical business, these are hugely important to people in Europe. And if you got into a significant gas rationing over there, you would have an economic event that would not be pleasant. So I'm anticipating the government is going to ask people to turn their thermostats up substantially during the summer. They're going to turn them down in the winter. People are going to start conserving. So I'm not worried about raw material supply from that standpoint. The other thing I would tell you is I'm already starting to see some rotation of raw materials out of China to Europe in anticipation of this. So that's going to provide additional supply, and that additional supply will help ease some of the projected challenges. So I'm, obviously, paying attention, but I'm not nearly as worried as some people are.
Michael McGarry: Christopher, I mean, obviously, the mix is improving every single day. So that's a positive for us. As you know, Refinish and Aerospace are very good businesses for us. And you have improved pricing in automotive, which is improving that mix as well. So I think from that standpoint, that's going to be good. The second one, if you think about our manufacturing situation, we've had to adjust manufacturing schedules on very short notice or no notice, in some cases, because of supply disruptions force majeures. And as supply gets better, we're able to plan better, scheduling is better. Obviously, COVID is not a challenge anymore. We don't have as many call-offs. So, from that standpoint, our manufacturing is going to improve. And as you see, our price is dropping to the bottom line. So, margins improved 200 basis points in Q2, you're going to see a significant improvement in Q3. You're going to see an improvement in Q4. So, from that standpoint, that is going to continue to be positive momentum and we're expecting raw materials on a sequential basis only be like up low single digits in the third quarter. So, I think there's a lot of positive momentum here and I'm feeling pretty good about that.
Michael McGarry: So, maybe, John, to add a little bit to that. Your premise that you're trying to understand is how much of this $2 billion plus are we going to keep. The thing that we're talking to our customers about is raw material inflation is just one piece of this. And so when you add the things that Vince talked about, logistics, labor, energy, packaging costs, we need to continue to recover that. So, I fully expect, and I will be fully engaged and Tim will be fully engage with the businesses to ensure that we're going to be keeping a large percentage of this in our pocket. And that is a key deliverable for our business unit leaders. Everybody is well aware of it, and it's been signaled well ahead of time. So, this will not be a surprise to our customers. So, I'm feeling pretty good.
Michael McGarry: Frank, this is Michael. The M&A front continues to be what I would call steady. You saw there were some deals done in the past 90 to 120 days. We obviously looked at those and decided that we sort value creating from a PPG shareholder perspective. And we continue to look at our portfolio. You probably noticed that we sold a couple of businesses. You saw we sold Everly [ph] and another small one. And so we're always looking at our portfolio. So -- but we're going to do what's best. So this quarter, paying down debt and buying back a little stock made the most amount of sense. We're going to continue to look at our portfolio and decide what we're going to do. The pipeline remains what I would call steady, and we're continuing to talk to the Board about the options that are out there.
Michael McGarry: So Laurent, this is Michael. First of all, it's virtually impossible to be dual source on everything because we make some unique chemistries. On those that we are single source, we have a contractual relationship with our suppliers to provide that protection that we need. But we have been in a mode of being conservative on inventories right now. In Europe, though, we are going to be moving toward a mode of destocking over the next few months. We've already started to see availability raw materials get better. We anticipate that prices, we've seen some prices already soften in China. We anticipate some softening coming up in Europe. And so the plants have already put in place contingency plans. They've enacted some to lower costs. And so from that standpoint, I think we feel very comfortable. We have some additional plans in place as well.
Michael McGarry: P.J., this is Michael. I think if you think about this from a China macro standpoint, China government is under significant pressure right now because of some of these COVID lockdowns. And they're injecting money, reducing the amount of bank restrictions and they're putting pressure on the building industry as well. So, they are showing every sign to make sure that the local economies in China continue to recover. So, I'm -- I feel pretty good about the fact that China is committed to having a better second half of the year than they had the first half of the year.
Michael McGarry: Well, Mike, I think we certainly have built a more resilient company to start with that as a basic premise. Second, I do think that we're going to keep a lot more raw materials in our pocket. So, if you do see a raw material decline, I think that's going to flow through the P&L a lot quicker than you think. And I think that's a little bit of what people are missing in this analysis. And quite honestly, this recession, if there is one, which I still don't think there's going to be a significant one If there is one, we have a different portfolio right now. So, think about traffic solutions. I mean that business runs no matter what happens. And they are behind on that, plus you have demographics where they're going to have thicker lines more -- the lines are going to be longer. So, those things are going to be positive. You also have the fact that we have a supply significant deficit here in the US of cars. That's going to be different. And we have a significant deficit of planes, and that's going to be different. And the new planes that are coming out are much more fuel-efficient than the old plane. So, it's not a matter of whether they're going to keep the old planes in the air, they're not going to do that. They're going to replace these because of the fuel efficiency. And so if you believe that $100 oil is here for long moderate period of time, the plane guys, those are economics they cannot afford to miss. So that's why they're going to be replacing these planes. So, I think that's all good. And so, what's interesting about this work from home stuff is that the, the dynamics are people are driving in the suburbs more and less on the highway, which leads to more lower speed collisions. So, totals are actually down right now. So, totals were down 2% and I anticipate totals continuing to decline, and that's good for our refinish business. And oh, by the way, if you're getting an accident right now, you better be prepared to wait because there's about a six-week the average backlog to get a car repaired is about six weeks right now. That's assuming they get the parts. So, I'm feeling pretty good about that.
Michael McGarry: Well, let's start with the negative first, is that emulsions continue to be a bit of a challenge for us. And there have been a few force majeures. You probably saw the one in next recently. So it's not -- we're not out of the woods on that yet. But we've seen TiO2 and China get weaker. We're seeing TiO2 from China being shipped into Europe. I certainly see epoxies in Asia getting weaker as well. I think that there's a number of our solvents that are now flattening out. Availability is much improved, but the pricing is flattening out. And I think the same thing with packaging. Packaging is flattening out. And so I think when I look at our overall, we bucket our raw materials into about 12 different buckets. Last quarter, I had 11 out of 12 were red. Coming into this quarter, we have four or five of them that are yellow. That means the prices have moderated, and we actually have one green on the chart. So -- and when we look ahead to the fourth quarter, we see improvement in a number of those as well. So I think we're coming to the end of the raw material inflation, and that's good for us sequentially. We see low single-digits in the third quarter, and I think you should expect sequential improvement in the fourth quarter.
Michael McGarry: Well, certainly, on the ad spending, as you see the decline, you're also getting near the end of the paint season by the time the quarter is going to be over. So that is on a decline. That's typical, though. So that's not really that much of a difference. We do bucket our cost reductions in Europe into two things. One is structural and one is short term. The structural ones, you see that flowing through. We have plants that we have targeted to be closed. We have headcount that we're taking out. We have productivity initiatives through dispense cells and other high-volume packaging equipment that is driving productivity in the plant. All those things are underway. And then, of course, we are on a temporary basis. You are reducing headcount as you're seeing that lower demand in the Architectural segment. So I'm feeling comfortable that we're going to continue to grow margins. If you look at our history in Europe, we have consistently grown our earnings in Europe year-over-year regularly. So I don't think this should be any different this year.
Vince Morales: And specific to the European demand contract in the U.S., we are seeing, obviously, slowness. We were down about 10% in Q2. We're projecting to be down in Q3. And we have some markets that are improving on a go-forward basis, as Michael alluded to. Our auto OEM business, we expect to improve certainly over the next, call it, 12 months. We know aerospace is improving in that particular region as well as globally. So we have some offsets to what's already a weak environment. And so again, on a go-forward basis, we expect some puts and takes.
Vince Morales: And Christopher, I just want to -- this is Vince again. I just want to add that we are still down 10% in volume versus 2019. So, again, you said we were close to parity and just huge incremental margins on that volume recovery. Again, auto and aerospace are two of the biggest declines versus 2019 or pre-pandemic.
Vince Morales: Yes, John, this is Vince. I'll start, and then Michael could add some color. We still have targeted pricing that we will inject in Q3. Some businesses, we have perennial pricing that typically occurs toward the end of the season. So, you'll see that both in performance. We still have some catch-up pricing in some of our industrial and auto businesses that will take place in the quarter. And so there will be higher -- we expect higher pricing on a percentage basis and certainly on a two-year stack for Q3. With respect to the inflation, I think your numbers are directionally correct in terms of the inflation we've absorbed over the past, call it, 18 and soon to be 24 months. We anticipate offsetting that fully with price. But not just that, as Michael mentioned in the opening remarks, we're offsetting logistics. We're offsetting employee-related inflation so in packaging inflation. So, again, our pricing will overcome that by the end of the year. And we typically have sticky pricing as we progress through the economic cycle.
Vince Morales: Hi, Kevin. Good morning. This is Vince again. So, on a year-over-year basis, probably a couple of big movers. Again, we expect Europe to be down double digits, close to double digits versus the prior year. But we do expect, if you recall, we did have the peak of the chip shortage in our automotive OEM business last year, and that's recovering. Not fully recovering, but it's recovering this year. We also have improvement in aerospace, as we've talked about several times already on the call. Those are three of the bigger movers. And then we have a variety of puts and takes by business. On a sequential basis, what's important is we do expect -- for us, China was down for essentially two months in Q2. We do expect China to be fully up and running with just modest, very modest impact from COVID in Q3. So that's the biggest mover sequentially.
Vince Morales: This is Vince. A couple of other color points here. In the US, we were still impacted early in the quarter in our US architectural business by supply challenges. April, May are still in the heart of the paint season. And in Europe, based on what we've seen to date, we're very comfortable with our share position.
Vince Morales: We'll try to take another stab at this, Arun. This is Vince. So look, we're down 10% in volume versus 2019. We expect the vast majority of that to return. Again, because of some of these decremental items are in very large businesses for us and businesses that are showing today, and we expect on a go-forward basis, good recovery momentum, again, we talked about auto. We talked about aerospace. There are a couple more that are smaller. We do expect positive business mix as part of that equation as well. To your point on price, raws recovery, we've talked about a couple of times. We're still down in Q3 on a cumulative basis. We expect to be at least at parity by the end of the year on price raws, so that will pick up several points. And then I don't want to underemphasize what Michael talked about with respect to manufacturing. We typically have productivity improvements year-over-year from our manufacturing operations. If you look at the past 12 months, we've had decrements in manufacturing. So we expect to fully recover those decrements and move back to our legacy of producing productivity. So those three things, coupled with synergy capture and coupled with some cash deployment, gets us to the $9 plus of earnings power we've talked about.
Vince Morales: Yes, P.J., we saw declines in architectural in Europe, obviously, as Tim talked about, automotive on a year-over-year basis and our industrial business on a year-over-year basis were also down, let's call it, mid-single-digits due to some of the same issues that caused call it economic slowing in the region. On a go-forward basis, auto, we expect to recover at some point. It's still going to be choppy in the back half of the year in Europe. It's going to certainly recover in the US and in China. Industrial activity, we expect at least at parity. We are seeing a very rapid recovery in China from the COVID shutdowns and expect growth on a year-over-year basis in Q3. With respect with Europe slowing, would China grow? Again, we think China is becoming more of an internally consumption market, and we still feel good about the US economy. So, there are some offsets to a European slowing that would allow China to produce good industrial activity results.
Vince Morales: And Mike, this is Vince again. I just -- your comparison, and we'll just compare to the last recession. Obviously, there was a housing overhang globally in the last recession. There was an auto overhang in the last recession. We're not seeing those. Michael talked about aerospace. We expect that to be in a recovery mode, auto in a recovery mode as it relates to PPG's portfolio and a different -- in an addition to traffic solutions versus the last recession, we have PPG-Comex, which is a very steady business for us. We also have some other businesses in other parts of the world that are more steady. So again, I think Michael's comments at the outset that we've built a better portfolio, more resilient portfolio takes into account some of those things.
Vince Morales: Yes, Jeff, I'll take the second question first. Again, on inventory, we came into the quarter -- we came into the year with a focus on having excess inventory where possible in order to have supply to our customers. So, we're certainly looking at that as we go to the back half of the year. We'll ratably work that down as supply conditions have improved and continue to improve. Receivables are up simply because our pricing is up, and we have a bigger book of business. I think receivables are up $600 million or $700 million on a year-over-year basis. We'll collect those, and we're not seeing any significant deterioration on collections. So, the high receivable balance, Jeff, will turn to cash in the third and fourth quarter. Payables, again, we're timely with our suppliers, so, nothing to speak of there. As it relates to the Performance Coatings volumes, there's a variety of different moving pieces. Aerospace up, as you mentioned. We do see DIY, down both in Europe, US, also in other mature regions like Australia. We do have a slowing -- we do have some challenges in our protective business when you go into Q3, really residual hangover from Q2 in China. So with the reporting segment, you always have puts and takes. It's our best guess at this time. Hopefully, we're being conservative. But that's our best guess at this time.
Vince Morales: And Duffy you asked about -- this is Vince. Just about two years. That's beyond our forecasting horizon. We're typically three to six month windows, the best forecasting visibility we have, and we certainly can't go out two years. If there is structural commodity supply being built in China, which we expect to fully exploit. But that's the best we could give on a two-year lot.
Vince Morales: Yes. And Mike, if I could just elaborate a little bit on what we call the latent demand in auto here. We talked about this last quarter, but US dealer inventory somewhere below -- just below 30 days. Typically, that's 60 plus, 70 plus. So the inventories need rebuilt. There's a big fleet rebuild process that has taken place in the US that includes just company-owned cars as well as other fleet vehicles. That's a significant impact. There is a European fleet that also, at some point, will be rebuilt. There's a significant amount of employees that have company cars in Europe. So that's another adder. And that -- those latent things, in addition to the demand where most cars are on back order. So again, we have comfort the next 12-plus, 15-plus months for a solid recovery back toward that, call it, high 80s, low 90s level. So we're still down about almost 20% in the industry versus pre-pandemic.
Tim Knavish: I'll take that one, Josh. This is Tim Knavish. Thanks for the question. The biggest driver of the volume issue in DIY is clearly Europe. We've seen a double-digit decline in DIY volumes in Europe. And frankly, we expect that to continue. We called it at the end of the last quarter, that was accurate and we expect that same phenomenon to continue. The trade volumes in Europe are a bit stronger. It depends on some by country. We're seeing some softness in some countries of trade and other countries like France, we continue to do very well on the trade side of the business. So that's more mixed. And when you come over to this side, to the United States, we've also seen DIY, I would call it more normalizing, where Europe was down because of a number of issues, whether it was coming out of COVID or consumer confidence because of the war. Here in the United States, it's more normalizing in a post-COVID environment, whereas in the trade side of the business here in architectural US, we still see very good backlogs. We do a survey of our professional painters every quarter. And about 80% of the professional painters that we surveyed here in the US this quarter have as much or larger backlogs than they did last quarter. So DIY normalizing here, but still good trade backlogs.
Tim Knavish: Yes. And Mike, it's Tim. Just to pile on here, even one more business from a recession or a potential recession resiliency standpoint, the military part of our aerospace business, given what's happening in geopolitically, tremendous backlog there, too.
Tim Knavish: Hey, Duffy, it's Tim. Just to add to what Michael said. While supply is significantly better than it was at the beginning of Q2 and certainly better than last year, we still have spot supply issues, I would call it, in refinish, in auto, in architectural. So we're not quite back to what you would call completely normal supply, pre-COVID kind of supply situations, although sequentially much better, and we expect that to sequentially continue to improve.
Tim Knavish: Hi, Vince, Tim here, Tim Knavish. We also have continuation of the Tikkurila synergies, which, of course, are structural. We've captured a lot of those. But footprint-wise and back-office wise, we continue to make progress there. And just to put some perspective, margin improvement progression has continued in our AC Europe business, despite the volume challenges, and we expect that to continue as well.
Tim Knavish: Hey Mike, its Tim. We -- despite having a record quarter in Refinish, and we expect that kind of performance to continue, we do have persistent, I would call them one-off shortages from a raw material standpoint that have led to some of the backlogs in addition to the backlog of work that our customers have, we've got a backlog just to catch up and refill the channel because of these one-offs. That won't get fixed overnight. It continues also to sequentially improve, and I expect us to continue to work our way through that through the rest of this year, which frankly, is some pent-up upside for us because in addition to the high body shop activity levels that we have notably here in the US, we've got this inventory replenishment to catch up on throughout the rest of this year as well.
