Vincent J. Morales: Thank you, Martine, and good morning. Again, my name is Vince Morales. I'm the Vice President of Investor Relations for PPG Industries. Welcome to PPG's Fourth Quarter 2012 Financial Teleconference. Joining me on the call today from PPG is Chuck Bunch, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Navikas, Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Our comments relate to the financial information released on Monday, January 14, 2013. I will remind everyone that approximately 1 hour ago, we posted detailed commentary and accompanying presentation slides on the Investor Center at our website, ppg.com. Those slides are also available on the webcast site for this call, and they provide additional support to the opening comments Chuck will make momentarily. Following Chuck's perspective on the company's results for the quarter, we'll move to a Q&A session. Both the prepared commentary and discussion during the Q&A may contain forward-looking statements reflecting the company's current view about future events and their potential effect on PPG's operating and financial performance. These statements involve uncertainties and risks, which may cause actual results to differ. The company is under no obligation to provide subsequent updates to these forward-looking statements. Today's presentation also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures the company has provided in the appendix of the presentation materials, which, again, are available on our website, reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. For additional information, please refer to PPG's filings with the SEC. Now let me introduce PPG's Chairman and CEO, Chuck Bunch.
Vincent J. Morales: Yes. I think, Frank, the focus again is the fact that we're in this tender period, and we want to make sure we adhere to our disclosure obligations.
Vincent J. Morales: Nils, this is Vince. The reference in the prepared remarks was really toward 1Q, not the full year for 2013. We do expect full year growth in global automotive, again, with European weakness as a partially offset. So again, the 1Q saw very strong results in the first quarter 2012. And the year-over-year growth will be tempered by those first quarter results last year.
Vincent J. Morales: It was -- they were fairly close. As Chuck mentioned, we're trying to get more -- they're fairly balanced now, but we do see more inflation coming early in the first quarter of 2013.
Vincent J. Morales: Rich, as we mentioned earlier, I think everything we're going to say today on that is in the release.
Vincent J. Morales: This is Vince Morales. I just like to thank everybody for your participation today. If there any further questions, please feel free to contact me in Investor Relations. Thank you.
Charles E. Bunch: Thank you, Vince, and welcome, everyone. Our record fourth quarter results capped off what has been an exceptional year for the company, driven by excellent operating performance and the announcement of several significant strategic transactions that accelerate the pace of our portfolio transformation. Record fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.53 are 10% higher than last year and marked 10 consecutive quarters of adjusted earnings per share records. We achieved these results despite continued variation in regional economic performance and mixed end-use market demand levels. A few business highlights from the quarter were the aggregate coatings segment earnings growth of 30% and Optical and Specialty Materials segment results, which were similar. Commodity Chemicals also grew earnings versus last year despite 2 unplanned outages during the quarter. Full year commodity chemical results eclipsed last year's record level. Geographically, the United States remained our strongest region, with most businesses delivering top line growth. Emerging markets growth remained modest, but trends improved in several businesses versus the prior 2 quarters. European demand continued to be negative, but the trend there also improved slightly versus the last few quarters. A key element of our success in the quarter and overall for the year was the company's strong operating execution. We continued to aggressively manage our businesses, and fourth quarter results also benefited from the restructuring actions, which we proactively initiated early in 2012. For the full year, we achieved a record adjusted EPS figure of $7.94, which is up 16% from last year's record. Worth mentioning is earnings results improved in each region, including Europe. Also, our full year return on sales percentage was higher in each segment except Glass. For the year, we delivered a record level of cash from operations, up 25% versus last year, and continued our long legacy of returning cash to shareholders by increasing our dividend for the 41st consecutive year. In addition, the announced strategic actions reflect the continued execution on our vision to remain a global leader in coatings and Specialty Materials. Progress is well under way to finalize these actions. We begin 2013 well positioned. Our expectations are for continued variations in economic conditions. We expect a growth bias to remain for the United States, improvement in growth prospects in Asia and European activity to remain subdued. As a result of these mixed economic conditions, we will remain diligent in managing our businesses. Operationally, we expect an incremental $70 million to $80 million of savings from the finalization of our restructuring programs, and we will implement targeted price increases in our coatings businesses to fully offset the inflation from the past 2 years. Finally, even before considering any impact from 2013 free cash flow, we have excellent financial flexibility, with cash and short-term investments of $2.4 billion. A primary focus for the corporation in 2013 will be to analyze prudent cash deployment opportunities focused on profitable earnings growth. Overall, I am pleased with the financial performance we achieved in 2012, and we remain focused as we begin 2013 on profitably growing the company and creating additional shareholder value. Thank you for your attention. This concludes our prepared remarks. Now, operator, would you please give instructions and open the phone lines for questions.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, David, we're not really going to give a lot more color on our -- on the press release, we did that for our disclosure obligations. And we're not going to get into a -- providing a lot of additional details on the press release regarding Transitions.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, we feel we have an opportunity to improve on our coatings margins. So we think, in general, economic conditions and volumes should improve globally. It depends, again, on the regions and markets. But we feel that, that is going to be an overall benefit. Plus we have -- as you know, we'll be calendarizing the full restructuring benefits as we go through 2013. So those 2 events, I think, or those 2 conditions give us an opportunity to improve on our coatings margins.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, Duffy, we had some inflation as we look even at the fourth quarter. Even as the raw material basket was coming in balance, we still had a slight inflation overall in our costs. And so as we look to 2013, yes, we're seeing some -- a difference in trends overall for raw materials. We have some of our raw materials, especially on the inorganic side, that we have some modest declines. Although now, what we're seeing here as we start the year is some increases, especially in commodities here in North America, like propylene or ethylene. So I would say that we're looking for a more balanced raw material outlook as we go through -- as we open here in 2013, and we will have other inflationary costs. And we will have more than likely some targeted price increases for -- to address those or in businesses, regions, where we haven't fully recaptured the inflationary pressure that we saw over the last 2 years.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, when we looked -- when we made the announcements regarding our targets for improvements in using TiO2 more efficiently, we said 4% to 6% during 2012. We accomplished that at the lower end of the range, and we think we still have in 2013 an opportunity to improve our utilization, again in the lower single-digit target levels for 2013.
Charles E. Bunch: No. I would say that, Frank, as you know, we are involved in a Reverse Morris Trust transaction with the Georgia Gulf. We are in the exchange period, and we are aware of our disclosure obligations around the transaction. And we felt that, yes, it was appropriate for us to issue the press release that we did.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, I would say the biggest influence on our emerging region Architectural performance was actions that we took, Bob, in Chile and Argentina to scale back our operations in those 2 markets in light of the economic conditions so that, overall, I would say that the trends for emerging markets were not nearly as negative if you looked at it overall, excluding those 2 markets where we took company specific actions.
Charles E. Bunch: I would say that the strongest volume was in the emerging regions. But overall, we did see some volume growth in the developed regions, whether this was a restocking or emerging opportunities, plus also the BPA-free. The beginnings of those products now coming into the market may have had an influence. But certainly, we saw some volume growth in all of the markets, but strongest in the Asia-Pacific region.
Charles E. Bunch: We have seen declines in the trends since the beginning of the second quarter of 2012, so where they hit a peak. These are different by region, so we've seen more weakness in Europe in light of, we think, overall economic conditions. And as I said in my earlier comments, we're looking at a more balanced, flat raw material basket as we go into 2013, with probably modest declining trends in TiO2 overall, offset by what appears to be, at least here in the first quarter, some pressure on the petrochemical or organic side of the raw material basket.
Charles E. Bunch: Yes, John. If you look at the Optical business in the fourth quarter, we benefited year-over-year on the bottom line by about $5 million due to the absence of Thailand flooding impacts. The top line, we certainly were glad to see what I would call a full fill of the inventory build for Transition VII, but that still wasn't the major driver there. We did see some -- as you know, the last 2 quarters, we had some de-stocking in the channel. We saw a little bit of overall inventory re-stocking, as well as the benefit of the Transition VII build. I'd say taking the 2 quarters in aggregate, third and fourth quarter, we're seeing, I'd call it, solid mid-single-digit trend gains.
Charles E. Bunch: For the most part, our contracts don't have material price indexes. And as I mentioned in my comments, even though we're seeing a declining trend in the TiO2 pricing, it's being offset by either other inflation or some continued inflation on the organic side. But also on the inorganic side, we're seeing some non-TiO2 pigment prices that are increasing.
Charles E. Bunch: Kevin, we're not prepared to go into the -- all of the specific details of the joint venture agreement, so we're not going to provide any more clarity other than what you've seen in the press release.
Charles E. Bunch: For us, the -- let's call it the general industrial activity, was improving as we move through the second half and into the fourth quarter. Automotive builds have also continued to grow. We have seen some, as you know, slowdown on the electronics side, and some of the construction-related end-use markets were still slow. Although here, as we've been talking about with the leadership -- with the new leadership in place in China, we think that we're going to see now incentives for growth. And we have seen some signs of strengthening in some of these other markets, although right now it is not quite evident on the electronics side.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, if you look at our cash at the end of the fourth quarter, so we had some close to $2.5 billion. So we will receive, at the conclusion of the Georgia Gulf transaction, around $900 million. That will be our outlay more or less later in the year with the closing of the Akzo transaction. So that would put you at relatively the same position that we have finished the quarter in, which we have previously announced that our -- what we need to run the company is under $500 million. So it would give us, we think, considerable resources to deploy for shareholder value-creating initiatives.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, we would continue to look for opportunities, as we talked about, in our coatings businesses. Geographically, we've made 2 announcements. We completed the Spraylat acquisition about 2 weeks ago. That was a North American-focused company in Industrial Coatings, although they had operations in China and in Europe. Akzo is predominantly or almost all North American, including the Caribbean, Canada and the U.S. And we continue to look for opportunities in other geographic areas, so that would be one of the areas in which we would continue to look for opportunities. But we have other segments of our business or our company that we think if there are appropriate opportunities, so we would continue to look for acquisitions in those areas as well if they will create shareholder value.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, if you look at our automotive OEM business in 2012, 2 of the strongest growth areas globally for the industry were here in North America and in China. We are well positioned in both of those markets, and we think that we had a very good year in terms of participating in the industry growth, plus the customers that we were working with. And some of our new product introductions were very successful in each of those markets, and that was beneficial to driving the overall growth in our automotive coatings business globally.
Charles E. Bunch: Yes, we have. We, as PPG, we visit the major customers in all channels on a regular basis. We did follow up with the customers in all of the channels. And we announced our strategy in which we were going to continue to support all of our existing businesses, plus those of the acquired company. And I would say that the interaction with the customers in the channels was very positive.
Charles E. Bunch: I would say that it's difficult to determine actual share in this industry on a short-term basis. Many of the -- when you look at awards, oftentimes you're awarded business for several years, different models, different plans. And I would say at this point, I would not say that we see significant share shifts. We're trying to continue to support all our customers, and we have been fortunate to work with a number of them that have done very well in their markets, as we talked about, here in North America, in China and Asia more broadly. And probably most importantly, we just continue to work on execution, keeping our costs in line and especially focused on the weakness that we've seen in Europe overall. So we focus there not as much on shared gains, but more on execution and driving our operations.
Charles E. Bunch: I think I indicated that the performance by channel was similar for us. We had high single-digit overall sales growth, probably more on the volume side than on the pricing side. And I would say the performance overall by channel was positive in both channels.
Charles E. Bunch: I would say that the majority of the improvement in Europe has been driven by our cost and execution actions. And we did focus, as you know, in the overall corporate restructuring on Europe. And obviously, that segment, the Architectural EMEA segment, was the focal point for our restructuring activities in the overall Architectural business globally. So I think that's where you're seeing most of the improvement, would be on the cost side for that business.
Charles E. Bunch: That was the tsunami effect. So that you had in the first quarter, a lot of inventory rebuilding because the supply chains were depleted, especially among the Japanese-based manufacturers as a result of the tsunami in 2011.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, I think if you look at the coatings industry globally, it is still not a highly consolidated industry compared to many other global manufacturing industries. So we think that there will be opportunities for more consolidation on a global basis, but the regional mix of acquisitions may change. But if you look at the industry in most other regions in Asia, in Europe, Latin America, these are areas of continuing opportunity for further consolidation in coatings.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, I think our comment were -- was in relation to this balance in the raw material basket between, let's call them, the inorganic raw materials and the organic or petrochemical-based raw materials with these increases that we're seeing in propylene and ethylene here as we start the year and that potential impact on raw material price escalation in those raw materials offsetting any negative trends that we may see in the rest of the basket. That's what we are saying is, right now, we're looking at something more balanced. But obviously, we're going to look at the trends in the entire basket and the different raw materials that are going in. And if we see further spikes in propylene or those get pushed through into the propylene based or raw materials that we're buying, then we're going to certainly open up discussions with our customers if we see those escalating much more than what we've seen currently.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, typically, as we talked about with the price increases in the past, typically, there is a period when we're trying -- we're certainly trying to push back on any price increases that we would be receiving in the short term. But then as we absorb this raw material inflation on our side, typically, as we talked in the past, it can take a quarter or 2 for us to try and get those increases reflected in our pricing with our customers. So I think that's, in general, how we've described the timing on raw material and pricing increases.
Charles E. Bunch: That would be around what we were saying would have been the growth in 2012, Don. So that's consistent, and it's certainly the first increase in several years. We're still nowhere near where we were before the crisis. So if you go back to 2006 or 2007, we're still much below that. We think that 2013 is going to be a good year for the U.S. construction industry. The first quarter last year was pretty good because we had some seasonally good weather. It's still a little early to kind of forecast what's going to be the outlook for the weather in the first quarter. These first couple of weeks have been more normal. But I would say, overall, for the full year, yes, we're optimistic that these trends that we saw, these first positive trends, are going to continue in 2013. The data, the housing data, the construction data, overall has been -- continued to be, for the most part, positive. You're seeing a lot of anecdotal information about -- in certain markets, the housing resale market strengthening. We've seen increases in new home construction permits and starts. So overall, I would say we're fairly optimistic. We've gotten through the fiscal cliff. Do we have some problems in a few months with a debt ceiling and other things that could derail this? Mortgage rates continue to be very positive. So we're optimistic, and we think we're going to have a good year in 2013 and in North America in Architectural.
Charles E. Bunch: I would say, in general, we were in line with industry trends in 2012. And in 2013, obviously, we'll get a bump from the acquisition activity that -- with Akzo North America. And I think we're well positioned to take advantage of the growth that we see overall for 2013.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, as we talked about, the businesses in that segment are businesses that aren't in our core but have been contributors over the years, but we are -- we would be open to look at opportunities to create shareholder value. We think that we have begun to see the improvement in the flat glass business. This is tied more specifically from an end-use market to the commercial construction industry here in North America. We're seeing some of the early signs of improvement. We do have what we think is a good position in that business, good brand, as well as market position. So we think that there's an opportunity for further improvement in that business. Fiberglass, as we mentioned in the release, we have had some challenges tied to some global weakness in the business. In Europe, we are tied, as well in Asia, to the electronics industry, which has been weaker. So right now, we think that we're focused on the right things in the business, which are continuing to improve our operations and if opportunities present themselves in -- as we move forward, we'll continue to look at it.
Charles E. Bunch: I would say for -- if we look at those, first, the Aerospace business, we had a very strong year in 2012. And we think that the industry on a global basis looks good in 2013. So we're looking for further improvement in our aerospace business. Military will probably not be as strong in terms of the end-use markets. But what we've seen here is commercial aviation continues to be strong. There is more -- better airline profitability globally, so we think the aerospace business looks good. In the refinish business, we had some weakness in the European market in light of the overall economic conditions there. But it is tied in the longer-term trends to global industry builds and the global car parts, which are growing. The automotive industry globally is a growth industry, and we're seeing that play out. So the longer-term trends are good for automotive refinish. We think we'll have a good year here in 2013. But Europe, obviously, was part of the story in 2012, with the weakness that we saw there.
Charles E. Bunch: Yes, it's going to be negative but not at that level because I think now we're seeing some -- we're still seeing negative trends in Europe but not an acceleration of the declines that we've really been experiencing now for 6 quarters.
Charles E. Bunch: No, I wouldn't say that any of the trends that we saw here in the fourth quarter could we attribute to that. Obviously, the 2 things that are probably going to play out here in 2013 will be the rebuilding or reconstruction activity that should help construction industry in the Northeast, as well as what happened to -- there were a lot of vehicles that were damaged or destroyed. And that should be a boost to the automotive industry, both in terms of the OEM and the refinish industry here in 2013. But I wouldn't say it's going to be the driving force, and it was really too early in the fourth quarter of 2012 to really see a trend there.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, the overall licensing agreement with Billions, I would say, is quite small so that -- and it really doesn't figure into the targets that we talk about for improving TiO2 productivity or usage in our formulas. I would say that neither the licensing revenue or the impact were -- on meeting our metrics were in any way significant. They are a supplier to PPG, but the things that we're talking about there are more long term in nature. There's no immediate benefit in terms of starting up the chloride production, and I think these things are events that will take place in the future.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, we try to keep our inventories in balance with the level of demand. And so as we get into the first quarter, we typically have inventory build in our Architectural business as we prepare for the busy season. And I would say even though the volume trends were positive for us in the fourth quarter in our own stores, it was nothing that we could -- we were having to make, let's say, unusual adjustments to inventory levels to meet what we saw out there. But obviously, positive trends, something that we're watching so that we feel we'll be fully prepared as we go into the season this year.
Charles E. Bunch: Saul, if you look, I think we said in our prepared comments, that both glass and chemicals had negative pricing in the quarter. So all the coatings gains were primarily coatings -- or excuse me, all the pricing gains, primarily coatings oriented. We did see still inflation in the quarter. And for the full year, we saw inflation. So we're still trying to work through, Chuck mentioned earlier, a full offset of inflation over not only this year, but over the past 24 months.
Charles E. Bunch: Even in a good year, Saul, the equity earnings don't account for more than 15% of Glass total earnings. They are more volatile because they're -- there's no sales impact or we don't control the costs. We were down several million dollars this year, primarily due to the fiberglass JVs, which are focused on the electronic market, which, as we mentioned earlier, remained weak. But that's the biggest JV structure we have in our glass segment.
Charles E. Bunch: We do own -- we've maintained our minority interest. It's actually 38%, and that is in our portfolio. We continue to have a good relationship with our -- the majority owners of the Kohlberg company. And right now, it's an ongoing business in our portfolio.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, as we stated earlier, we're not going to go into all the details of our specific joint venture contracts. But right now, the business is operating successfully and continues in our portfolio.
Charles E. Bunch: I would say that we're not exactly sure when we're going to see the impact from that hurricane. The OEM business, it goes through several distribution layers. I would think that we're going to see more of that in the first half. I would think that by the middle of the year, any effects on at least in automotive from Hurricane Sandy should be evident. Now, it may take a little longer on the construction side of the equation. You may take, let's say, the full year to see all of the impact of the reconstruction activity. But I'm not sure that in the automotive side, you're going to see that all in the first quarter. But I would say most of that should be in the first half.
David B. Navikas: Frank, this is Dave. The $70 million to $80 million coming from the 2012 program is still a good estimate of what we're anticipating, and that would more likely come in the first half of the year. Certainly, the first year synergies that we're expecting following the Akzo acquisition will come later on and be impacted by when we're able to close that transaction.
David B. Navikas: Jeff, this is Dave. We did achieve the $40 million of savings in 2012. And from a segment point of view, we had provided information in our April call that had identified by segment where we were anticipating getting those savings in 2012. And our actual performance was very much in line with that expectation.
David B. Navikas: I would say, Don, this is Dave, that the expectations there or that we would spread that activity, the share repurchase activity, out over the remainder of our 2013. So I would not envision it being loaded into the front half of the year.
David B. Navikas: Yes, Gregg. In 2012, our only cash contributions were to our non-U.S. plants, and we would expect the same situation in 2013. And in terms of amount, 2013 would be in line with 2012.
David B. Navikas: It's certainly a possibility, Gregg, I would say. If it is, it would likely be in the back half of the year.
