John Bruno: Thank you, Carla, and good morning, everyone. Once again, this is John Bruno, and we appreciate your continued interest in PPG and welcome you for our second quarter 2023 financial results conference call. Joining me on the call from PPG are Tim Knavish, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Vince Morales, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our comments relate to the financial information released after US equity markets closed on Thursday, July 20, 2023. We have posted detailed commentary and accompanying presentation slides on the Investor Center of our website, ppg.com. The slides are also available on the webcast site for this call and provide additional support to the opening comments Tim will make shortly. Following management's perspective on the company's results for the quarter, we will move to a Q&A session. Both the prepared commentary and discussion during this call may contain forward-looking statements, reflecting the company's current view of future events and their potential effect on PPG's operating and financial performance. These statements involve uncertainties and risks which may cause actual results to differ. The company is under no obligation to provide subsequent updates to these forward-looking statements. The presentation also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures The company has provided in the appendix of the presentation materials, which are available on our website, reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. For additional information, please refer to PPG's filings with the SEC. Now, let me introduce PPG President and CEO, Tim Knavish.
John Bruno: Jeff, this is John. I'll take the FIFO question. So, first start with the sales we have, our profile in the US. We're now about 35% sales in the US. And in the past five, six years as we've made acquisitions in the US, the companies we've acquired have been on FIFO. So we have not moved them to the LIFO accounting. So over time, the percentage of inventory that we have on the FIFO method has just incrementally increased due to those factors.
John Bruno: Thank you, Carla. This ends our second quarter earnings call. We appreciate everybody's interest and confidence in PPG. Have a good day.
Tim Knavish: Hey, Chris. Thanks. I'll let Vince answer the comp accruals, but I'll take segment margins and outlook for some of the businesses. Segment margins in Industrial are still on the recovery journey. So we have continued…
Tim Knavish: Thanks, Chris. So as I started to say, segment margins -- okay, good -- segment margins in industrial certainly have more room to grow and we expect that to continue, both from the price cost standpoint. But the other piece of recovery that is really not happened yet that will continue to improve the segment margins on Industrial are volume. Of course, right now auto OEM is strong, but still below 2019. And then we've got some pockets of weakness in industrial and certainly pockets of weakness in packaging. So we will get segment margins as those volumes stabilize. The other thing is the operational challenge that we mentioned at our May event have largely been in the industrial segment. So as we make progress on those initiatives, those two pieces will add to the improvements that will be realized from the continuing price versus cost recovery. And then end markets, to your question for the Industrial segment, automotive has been very resilient, some time surprisingly so despite everything that's happening in the world with interest rates and inflation and affordability. All of our major regions for automotive were up double digits for Q2. And we expect continued strong recovery as we move forward here. We'll be lapping a stronger Q3 for auto based on China which had a strong Q3 last year. But overall, we'll continue to see good volume recovery in auto.
Tim Knavish: Okay, Chris. I'm back. The positive of technical difficulties, we've had a long time to think about your question. Already answered the segment margin piece. And then from a segment volume and sales and outlook standpoint, auto, we expect to continue to be strong, Q3 comp issue with China, but that will be -- the whole auto build recovery will continue for beyond ‘23 and into ‘24. Industrial is very mixed. Certain segments are doing well. I'll point to powder for example where we were up solid double digits, which as you know from our May event is very important to our growth strategy. But sub-segments that are closer to the consumer, electronic materials, appliance and even COEX for instruction are soft, but we do expect that to continue to be a mixed bag. Packaging, packaging has been weak with both destocking but also end customer demand given what's happened from an inflation standpoint. So very much a mixed bag. But overall, the summary would be we are expecting industrial segment margins to continue to improve.
Tim Knavish: I'll answer your last question first, and not really, Ghansham. Destocking is pretty much behind us. And even on the industrial side, they don't carry a lot of inventory anyways. It's pretty much a just in time. And then on our performance side, most -- any destocking that's occurred is largely behind us. So what we see outlook wise across the company, so the things that have changed a bit is the recovery in China slower than what we had anticipated and we're expecting continued improvement in China industrial activity, albeit at a more measured pace going forward. So sequentially improving but not as -- not as much of a V shaped as what we had previously projected. Architectural Europe, I'd say the other one that was lower volume than what we expected in Q2. But a lot of that was driven by kind of one-off social and political events in France, which is one of our largest markets in Europe. So we do believe architectural Europe, I would call it bouncing up the bottom and we'll start lapping weak comps from last year. And then in the US, architecture -- the DIY, not just US, around the world, continues to be soft. But overall, we still got more than half our portfolio that's very resilient and I would say has positive outlooks. Auto was stronger than we anticipated, refinish was stronger than we anticipated, aero was stronger than we anticipated, PMC was stronger than we anticipated and Mexico continues to just shoot lights out. So a lot of positives there, but those are the ones that were a little different than what we had previously thought in our guide.
Tim Knavish: Hey, David, thanks for the question. I would describe the weakness in Pro to be sequentially down a bit, but not a tremendous amount. A lot of that Pro work is commercial and maintenance, that still remains pretty resilient. But we have seen some reduction in backlog. But honestly, the painters are still in some cases having difficulty getting labor. So there are cases where they're passing on jobs because of that. So while we've seen DIY down fairly significantly, I would just say we're seeing just a bit of softness in the PRO backlogs.
Tim Knavish: Yeah. And bottom line, Steve, when you combine that with the additional $100 million or so of inventory that we've got to work through that we're sitting on now, you've got sequentially more raw material deflation combined with that additional inventory flowthrough. That's why I'm so confident that our margin recovery journey will continue.
Tim Knavish: Yeah, most of what -- most of what we're going to see, John, is a carryover impact. There'll be some targeted pricing that we do in Performance Coatings. But a lot of what you'll see going forward here for the remainder of 2023 will be carryover. And to your point, we are lapping some strong price quarters from last year. So if you look at -- we printed 8% for Q1, 6% for Q2. So you'll probably see low single digit pricing printed in Q3, still a little early to tell in Q4, we're confident it will be positive, but we'll see what happens and what other actions we might need to take.
Tim Knavish: The other thing, I mean, the pricing has been holding up very nicely, proud of how our teams are executing to that regard. And so our price story, someone earlier asked about what's different in our guide versus earlier. Our price story is stronger than what our prior guides were.
Tim Knavish: Yeah, Vincent, we do have -- no surprise, higher than normal wage inflation. I'd say in a mature markets average, you could call that about 3% but higher than that on frontline workers like store workers, but 3% would be a good average. Emerging markets, higher than that. And then from a raw material inflation standpoint, we're still at that 20%-ish number versus pre-pandemic. And we're expecting Q3 to see mid to high single-digits down. So we expect the combination of those two to still keep us at elevated cost versus pre-pandemic, but improving sequentially as we move through the rest of the year.
Tim Knavish: Hey, Duffy. The biggest driver to that would just be the quarter-over-quarter price actions. Most of the larger price increases for us started kick in like Q3 of last year. So as we lap those and less new pricing if you will adding to the top, that's really the biggest difference.
Tim Knavish: Well, I'd say in the short term, that's not -- frankly for the rest of ‘23, not something we're particularly concerned about because there was such a backlog in those areas. If you think about the -- really bifurcation of painting activity that happened during COVID, you had a tremendous amount of resi painting happening, but you had virtually no commercial and maintenance painting happening. So there's still a tremendous amount of pent-up demand in that -- in that space. Now eventually, we'll see what happens with interest rates and macros in the longer term. But that's -- we're just not seeing that right now being a major concern for us.
Tim Knavish: Yeah. So part of it was -- part of it was comp related. We had a really strong Q2, Q3 last year in that business. And secondly, it's still a new business for us and we're still learning the market a bit. And this is an area where we did see some -- I'd say temporary shift in paint volumes as activities picked up. And so we expect that -- we expect to get that back as we move forward through the rest of the year and certainly into next year. We have been focused very heavily on margin over volume in that business and the team has done a great job there. And the last thing I'll say to that is while the volumes did come in a bit lower than we expected for the quarter, this business is generating good cash for us, really good cash and a good contributor to the enterprise from that standpoint.
Tim Knavish: Yeah. Thanks, Frank. You're proud of the team, great [narration] (ph). And as you noted, our number one priority to pay down some debt. We said earlier this year, we would pay somewhere between $500 million and $600 million down We paid about $200 million of that down so far this year. So we've got a bit more of that to do. But I'll tell you, we're going to have a really good cash year. We're going to have really good cash year, which gives us a lot of optionality. Probably not time to talk about specific actions on the M&A side, but that clearly remains a priority for us. And we are seeing properties come across our desks there. But bottom line, we're going to have a really good cash generation year. We're going to pay down some more debt. And then we're going to make decisions on how best to use that cash to deliver shareholder value based on what we see at the time.
Tim Knavish: Infrastructure. All right. Thank you. Thank you. US infrastructure, we are starting to see, I would call it, upstream project activity and we're very active in the specification side of ensuring that our products are well specified, whether it's traffic or protective coatings or architectural coatings or industrial coatings. Typically, paint and coatings are late stage in those projects, sometimes last stage in those projects. So this is more of a ‘24 and beyond growth opportunity for us, but we're certainly seeing that upstream activity happening now. We're excited about it and we're very active with it.
Tim Knavish: Yeah, just to put some metrics around that Mexico nearshoring. In Q1 of this year, there's about $48 billion of nearshoring investments in Mexico. That's 3x, three times Q1 of 2022. So we are really seeing that pickup and were involved in the specification side of that business as well.
Tim Knavish: And to your broader question about other segment, I would say normal market dynamics, nothing significant, nothing material. There's been some intense competitive pressure just around the edges. But at the core, we haven't really seen anything that was unexpected or out of the normal.
Tim Knavish: Yeah. Hey, John. Volume was positive here in the US, which of course is our most -- largest and most critical market. And that was better than we expected. Volume in Europe, I would say, was worse than we expected. Volume down there a bit more than we thought. And then volume in China, a little bit muted because of the slower recovery, but we see that is sequentially improving as time goes on. But overall, great quarter for that business, really bullish on particularly the US side and we're watching closely what happens on the Europe side.
Tim Knavish: Yeah. So I'll take a few of the markets that were lower volume than what we expected for Q2 and how we're thinking about them going forward. First one, architectural Europe, was -- that was clearly down more than we expected, but some of that isolated to France as I mentioned earlier. I do expect that to start comping pretty close, maybe even a little upside from where we were at Q3 of last year. So I've used the term bouncing off the bottom. I do believe that Europe architectural is bouncing off the bottom and maybe a little bit of upside there. The China recovery, slower than we expected in Q2, no doubt, but the way we're thinking about that is, that just stretches out the recovery positive -- any stimulus that the government does in the industrial space will be a real positive for PPG and we do expect China to sequentially improve. So those would be the two main ones I would point out as far as what we saw in Q2 and potentially improving in Q3 and beyond.
Tim Knavish: Yeah. So, Kevin, we're bullish on auto despite some of the kind of affordability and interest rate questions. And here's why. We continue to be positively surprised by performance in Europe for example, where macros are worse than anywhere and yet the builds and sales remain resilient. The USR, when everybody was predicting that would drop was -- came in at a nice number of [15.8] (ph), which was a positive surprise, but still well below historical levels. We're starting to see -- we're seeing really good numbers out of China. Double digit builds in China, growth Q2. As Vince mentioned, we have a little weird comp situation here in Q3, but we do expect that to recover. So we're bullish on auto. We are bullish on auto for both the short term and medium term. Now, the $40 million is just straight math. You take the six-year average before COVID of annual builds, and you take what happened during COVID and you come up with that $40 million deficit. I have no idea how long it's going to take to make up that deficit and how spread out that will be. But it's not going to be zero. That deficit will need to be made up because in many countries you still have population growth, in many countries you still have cars per capita or cars per household being much lower than the developed world. And you've still got aging fleets. Mature parts of the world, US, Europe, average car in a road is like 11 or 12 years old. So the fundamentals say at some point, some significant part of that $40 million deficit needs to be made up. It's a question of how stretched out that will be.
Tim Knavish: Yeah, Arun. Great question, and one we talk about a lot. And I'll first qualify it by saying it's still pretty early given all the macro stuff that's happening around the world to really nail in our 2024 volume assumptions. But I will tell you that I'm optimistic based on a few things. We've talked a lot about auto and aerospace and Mexico and refinish and we fully expect those businesses to continue to perform. In addition to that, I've talked about a few businesses that we think are bouncing off the bottom and they're not small businesses for us. So eventually, bouncing off the bottom will turn to positive. China, we have a really strong presence in China. China ramp up in recovery been slower than expected. But if you think about that for 2024, that's a positive, particularly with any government stimulus. And the last one I would point out is Europe. And while Europe volume has been very muted, for the first half of the year, we still printed all-time record earnings in Q1, all-time record earnings in Q2. So the team has done a great job of positioning from both a margin and cost base standpoint. So any incremental uptick in volume across any of those businesses in Europe will be a real positive for us. So, still a little early. We'll talk more about that in the next earnings call, but there are a lot of indicators that could point to positive volume for us for 2024.
Vince Morales: Yeah, Josh, this is Vince. On SG&A, let me take that one first. We did have a little bit of higher SG&A in Q2 than the prior year. Really a couple of elements to that. We talked about higher performance-based incentive comp including total shareholder return compensation. We did have as we communicated in Q1, higher non-cash pension expense for the balance -- for all of 2023. That falls in the SG&A bucket on a year-over-year basis. You could see that. And just a reminder, a lot of our China business was shut down in Q2 of 2022 and some of the increased sales creates increased SG&A. So those three elements pushed our SG&A cost up year-over-year. And the incentive comp item was a catch up for both Q1 and Q2. So again, that's SG&A component. On the gross profit percent, we did as you pointed out, we're averaging about 41% year-to-date. Q3 typically is a lower volume quarter for us. We don't have as much operational pull-through as we would on a higher volume quarter, specifically in Europe. So it's really the only delta I would point to. We do expect as we said in our prepared remarks, a higher or improved deflation capture. But again, the lower volumes are going to affect our manufacturing efficiency.
Vince Morales: Yeah, Jeff, this is Vince. We had a little break-up on your question, but I think you asked about TiO2 oversupply in China. And we do -- we are able to take Chinese TiO2 and are -- and have been for quite some time, utilizing that certainly in Europe, certainly in Latin America, South America, obviously in Asia. And there are tariffs that make it less cost effective today to do so in the US. But we are fully utilizing our capabilities to move that TiO2 to other markets or other regions of the world outside of Asia and capitalizing on those lower prices.
Vince Morales: Sorry, Carla. Just -- I apologize. Just to add on, my apologies. Just to add on, as John mentioned, we do excess inventory, specifically in raw materials. If you look at our inventory historically, we've trimmed about 50% of the excess raw material inventory that we came into the year with in the first six months So we'll be working the balance of the year to trim the other portion to get back to our historical level.
Vince Morales: Yeah, Steve. I'll take the first stab at that and Tim will add some color here. So what we're seeing today on invoice cost, as we said last quarter, invoice to invoice year-over-year, mid to high single-digit and maybe in some cases low double-digit deflation on certain raw materials. I would remind everybody as raw materials went up 20%, 30%, 40%. So when you do it on a multi-year stack, we're still much higher. But we're seeing on a year-over-year basis on invoices mid to high to low -- mid to high single to low double-digit declines that typically would flow through in 30 to 60 days or even 90 days depending on the raw material. And again, that's extended right now.
Vince Morales: And just to tag along here, we still expect that the price -- the raw material delta to expand as we talked about the prior question, which is we expect more -- to realize more deflation as we pull down our inventories.
Vince Morales: And as we look at the trend lines, we're not seeing out of the trends, a change in terms of increase or decrease of wages. We provided our merit process or our wage increase process earlier in the year and we typically would do that once a year for most of our employees. So that trend should hold for the balance of the year.
Vince Morales: And just to reiterate what we said in May in New York, we're not going -- after we pay down this debt, we're not going to let cash grow on the balance sheet.
Vince Morales: And if I could add, it's not US comment, but it's a Mexico comment. We are seeing a significant amount of near-shoring occur in Mexico, several hundreds of building permits for manufacturing facilities have been requested. Those will yield benefits for us certainly in ‘24 and ‘25 as that manufacturing is put in place. And then as Tim mentioned earlier, we have a full-fledged array of PPG businesses in Mexico to facilitate further painting once that industrial activity picks up as well as our strong Comex brand.
Vince Morales: Yeah, Mike. This is Vince. Let me start and I'm sure Tim will have some color here. But it's taken us a while as it typically does, at doing an inflation cycle to negotiate with our customers, get paid for the value we provide. So we had a lag on the way up in terms of the inflation versus price to our OEM customers. We're in a steady state environment now. We're not seeing any pushback We're still trying to capture -- as the volume grows, we're still trying to capture our margins back in that business, but we're not seeing any pushback at this point from the customers. Again, that's a traditional lag effect that we would see in any inflation cycle.
Vince Morales: And Europe side, we talked about a destock earlier in the call here. And we think in Q2, there was some destocking with certain refinish customers. We think that's concluded by the end of Q2. So again, as we get to the back half of the year, we would expect the demand and the volumes to be more in sync.
Vince Morales: Yeah, Mike. And I think there is a comparable -- year-over-year comparable issue as you look at volume. So we do have improving volumes as Tim mentioned in China sequentially in Q3. But that was compared to a recovery from COVID shutdown last year Q3. So again, when you look at -- you mentioned year-over-year volume challenges. That's -- again, China is improving as we look Q2 to Q3, but it's against a tough comp.
Vince Morales: Hey, Kevin, this is Vince. I'll start and I'll let Tim add here. But just a reminder, again, just the same question we had -- the last question. China had a recovery in Q3 last year in auto production. So again, the numbers when you look on a year-over-year basis are a bit skewed.
Vince Morales: Yeah, I think we talked about this a little earlier in the call. We do expect, again, incremental deflation to flow through to our P&L. We're starting to lap some pricing. We do, especially in the industrial businesses, we do see volume as the biggest catalyst in the back half of the year or in 2024 to help improve the margins as well as, Tim mentioned earlier, manufacturing -- PPG manufacturing as a key element and we laid that out in our May New York meeting. So those would be the four key elements that I would point to that would impact our margins in the back half of the year.
Vince Morales: Interesting question, Laurence. I'm doing the math in my head as we speak. But again, what we're seeing is, it's called mid to high single digit deflation on our invoices. We're realizing mid single digit inflation through our P&L. So I'm going to guess that that's $0.05 to $0.10 a quarter. Looking at John here to make sure my math is proper. But that would be the delay. That's not coming through on a real time basis into our P&L.
