Timothy Knavish: Hi, John. Thanks for the question. We're very pleased with the level of interest in the architectural U.S./Canada business. And I will say that level of interest has great diversity across the scenarios that may end up being the final path forward. So it's just too early at this point to say which one of those is kind of leading the pack as we've had really good interest in a number of different scenarios from full sale to JV and other forms of partnerships. So just too early, John, but we are making good progress.
Timothy Knavish: Duffy, thanks for the question. Our numbers, our projections may have been a bit different than what you're seeing from some of the kind of global services - service providers a couple of things there. We do have a very strong position in Europe, which was down more than average. And also, our projections, while services maybe are looking more at macros, our projections for Q3, in particular, are based on what we actually see in specific assembly plant schedules at the plants that we serve. And a number of them have increased just very recently increased their summer downtimes. So that may have a disproportionate impact versus what you may be seeing publicly. And then finally, I'd say, as you know, we have a very strong position in China. And we did see a step down in China production plans as soon as the EV tariffs were announced and I think some of our customers are playing it cautious here until they see how that scenario plays out because, as you know, particularly the largest producer there is exporting quite a bit there, so we do think that's a transitory item that will play out.
Timothy Knavish: Sure, Ghansham. Thank you for the questions. Yes, the volume - the volume trend in Q2 did play out a little worse than we expected, particularly at the end of the quarter. June in particular, was soft, largely driven by what I just said on Duffy's questions as certain assembly plants started to add additional down weeks and that affected U.S. and Europe. So that was one thing that played out. The other one is the Deco business in Europe softer than we expected, again, particularly in the last month of the quarter. A little more color there. We're very strong in France, and that's one of our large countries for sales. And as you know, that had some unique situations going on there. So that did slow down for us in June. But interestingly, a subset of the Europe story is Eastern Europe has been stronger than expected, where we actually also have a very strong position in countries like Europe - I'm sorry Poland and others. So it was really those two businesses in Europe that trended downward as the quarter progressed. Then the overall volume being flat versus what we had previously said was really driven globally by auto and locally in Europe by architectural. Those were the two big ones. But as I said in my opening remarks, we did - we have been improving sequentially over the last six quarters. If you go back to end of '22, we were down negative 5% in volume, and that has steadily improved to where we were printing flat this quarter. And also in my remarks, I said there were six out of 10 businesses that were volume for us. Just to give you some context there, last year that was three out of 10. So we went from three out of 10 to six out of 10 and we're planning on eight out of 10 in Q3 being positive, so a little under where we wanted to be for Q2, largely driven by end of quarter in those two businesses. But we feel good about the momentum, Ghansham.
Timothy Knavish: Yes. Hi, Chris, thanks for the question. Number one, aerospace. We're really just - as I've said for the last several quarters, everything we can make is sold and shipped. We're adding capacity. We're improving productivity. We've improved output in this past quarter. So we're selling more and we'll continue to outperform. Despite the - I always say that with refinish, you really have to look over a full year basis with this business, because you always have order pattern issues from the distributors around the world. Refinish, we continue to gain share and refinish by execution of our digital systems, which have been widely accepted and embraced and we keep adding to that toolbox of new digital tools, Chris. So feel really good about that. There's packaging outperforming from a volume standpoint, and we still haven't launched everything that we've won in the last few quarters. Traffic, although not our biggest business, that's - I want to point to a business that the first couple of years, I would say, we cleaned up that business. And now we're in a position where it is really starting to perform for us. Other businesses very, very much by specific region, but those will be the four that overall, I would say, we're outperforming. But I do want to point out three other things. Aggregate Mexico, just Mexico across the board, whether it's PPG Comex or our Industrial segment businesses or protective and coatings, protective and marine, we outperformed Mexico. Aggregate China, of course, with excluding deco, where we don't play, aggregate China were outperforming. Aggregate India except for deco, where we don't play, we're outperforming. So that's how I would describe the businesses that I feel most confident about our overperformance going forward, Chris.
Timothy Knavish: Hi, Dave, we had a very good quarter in that business. So of course, that was something that we had some concerns about as we announced it, but internally, the team has done a really good job working with our employees, our customers, our distribution partners in the private dealer space, our big box customers. And we had a good quarter in that business, mid-single-digit growth. So, while we - it's something we're watching and monitoring very closely and trying to stay ahead of it, I'd say, the team did a really good job in Q2 of doing that and we're expecting the same in Q3. There's lots of discussions. Of course, there are some anxieties. But so far, that has not had any kind of sizable impact on the financial results.
Timothy Knavish: Yes, John, thanks for the question. Silicas, we're very much on track with that, maybe even a little ahead of where we are in architectural U.S., Canada. We've had good interest there as well. And let's just say, we're on our original schedule. The rest of that specialty business, we really like. And here's why because we have a leadership position in those spaces and they're high-technology spaces, which is right in our wheelhouse from a R&D capability standpoint. So, obviously, not the biggest part of our portfolio, but that business was one of the good growth engines for us in Q2, we expect that to continue going forward. So they're good businesses for us.
Timothy Knavish: Hi, Steve, it is something I've been given a lot of thought to, and we'll continue to think about it and see what things look like post architectural U.S./CA, but high level, we have a group of businesses that essentially deliver factory to factory, pure business, B2B type of businesses where they go from our factory to an assembly plant, or our factory directly to a paint shop of some kind, and that's a logical fit because they have a lot of synergies. Synergies in operations, synergies in raw materials, synergies in supply chain and logistics and synergies in science and technology. We have another group of businesses that largely go through distribution and has a lot of value add services, that are a key part of the value proposition like aerospace, like refinish and like protective. So high level, I'm comfortable with it. But it's something we do look at on a regular basis. And we'll take a fresh look once this transaction is done. But I'm pretty comfortable with how we report today.
Timothy Knavish: Yes. Hi Vincent. So what I would say at a very high level is there's sufficient capacity out there across the supply chain, because if you look at the total industry of coatings we're producing less, leaders than we did pre-COVID. And so there's high level, there's still quite a bit of capacity out there. Of course, we do what we can to get ahead of it. And you pointed to in some places where we can get ahead of it. The other businesses, largely the industrial segment it's typically more real-time. And in some cases, as you know, businesses are able to get pricing faster than others. And as we discussed during the last inflationary cycle, auto OEM is typically the slowest, but we eventually get there, just like we did last cycle. So, I would expect it to play out the same in any cycle that may be on the horizon, whether its next year or the following year.
Timothy Knavish: Well, we - the best transaction for shareholders will come down to two pieces. One is what's - what are the proceeds, what do we get paid for, what we're selling. And two, what's the long-term strategic value of anything we might be left with. So that's why it's really hard for me or any of us to say, here's the best shareholder value proposal right now, because the combination of those two price proceeds and future value of anything we might be left with, we're just not there yet in the process. But that's how we're thinking about it is a combination of shareholder value today for what we get and shareholder value for future or how it fits with our growth strategy and what we can expect from an earnings and cash flow on the long-term.
Timothy Knavish: Yes, hi, Frank. So first of all, what changed from what we're saying about the full year to what we're saying today, it's largely a couple of big businesses like auto, global and architectural Europe. And of course, the other businesses are puts and takes, some down. So that's really the biggest driver. And to your second question, I'm not using the recession word at all. What I see more is temporary adjustments at assembly plants just given vehicles - some certain vehicles selling less than expected and inventory is going up a little bit. Inventories are still very healthy compared to pre-COVID levels. But if you look at U.S. inventories, they did creep up a little bit. So I think there's just some adjustment, there's caution from our customers on affordability, interest rates, things that really drive some of the vehicle purchase behavior by consumers. You probably have your own prediction on interest rates. I have mine. But at some point, that should be a pressure that comes off of new car purchases and I think our customers are just watching the same things very closely, inventories versus affordability and interest rates. But I do not see this as foreshadowing of a recession of any kind.
Timothy Knavish: Yes, Patrick. So I'd say the biggest confidence point for us is really everywhere outside of Europe where we're really still in the very early innings of launching our productivity, digital ecosystem. We started that in Europe, gained tremendous share and customer retention and subscription revenue as we launch that across Europe. And we're still very early days in the U.S., Australia, China, places like that. So good confidence in the share gain as we roll-out those tools around the world. The collision rates or question mark depending on where you are around the world. But we believe our penetration rates of these digital ecosystem is still single-digits of all the body shops out there. So, we've still got a lot of runway. And as I said in my in an earlier answer, we continue to add to that toolbox of digital productivity tools as we go forward. So it is, of course, the chemistry inside the can, which we're best in class at from a color match and speed and all those things. So we feel really good about that. But a lot of our share gain right now is delivered by the productivity tools outside the can.
Timothy Knavish: Okay. Hi, Jeff, on the TiO2, you are correct. We foresee no impact in 2024, not so much because of we're sitting on a whole bunch of inventory there, but more because of we’re contractual coverage. As we look to 2025, here's how we are thinking about it. First of all, at a very high level we continue to reduce TiO2 consumption per batch without sacrificing performance. That's about 1% per year. And even though that doesn't sound like a big number, we've been doing it for a decade and we expect that to continue. Second thing specific to the tariffs and the anti-dumping, we have great flexibility around the world given the formulation work that our S&T teams have done such that we've really increased our sourcing flexibility versus where we were, say, five years ago. And then finally at the end of the day, if those two initiatives are not enough to counter whatever net increase in costs there may be to us, we the biggest consumer of TiO2 is the Deco business by far, and we have demonstrated that, as necessary, we'll offset that cost with price.
Timothy Knavish: And Jeff, to your second question on automotive U.S. specifically. First of all, the final numbers that just came in the last couple days, the production in the U.S. was actually down, down low single-digits in the quarter and our sales were down mid-single-digits. And so some of that would be, Vince talked earlier, the production number that S&P puts out is volume, and our sales number is volume plus price, and we did have some contractual index price in that business. And then the rest of it would be specific assembly plants, specific customer mix that might vary from the kind of the industry average.
Timothy Knavish: Yes, sure. Hi, Kevin. Let me do Architectural EMEA. Yes, we were - clearly the results were lower than what we expected for the region in aggregate. We had - we believed that we were - you've heard me use the term bouncing off the bottom. We believed at that time we were on the bottom and we would see sequential improvement Q1 to Q2. The macros, frankly, just got worse in Europe, and that drove Deco, that drove Auto OEM as well. But a little more color there, we're number one in 10 or so countries in Europe, and our biggest is France. I did earlier reference, you've seen the election and some of the turmoil in France that added to uncertainty, and we really did see a downturn in our sales during that period in France, our largest country. So I would say that was that one was maybe a transitory that as things stabilize, we'll see some recovery there. We're also number one, in most of the Nordic countries, which was also slower than the rest of the region, so a little bit of country mix there. On the offset we're number one in Poland and a number of the Central European countries that have started to recover. So as we think about that going forward, we do believe, we will see some sequential improvement in architectural Europe in Q3. We do believe it will still be down versus prior, Kevin, but we do think that that will start to sequentially improve. Much better story on, Protective & Marine as you know that business has really been a good performer for us over the last several quarters. We just - this is a project business. We just ran into a handful of project delay type transitory items that hit us in the quarter. You should expect growth back on track in that business starting in Q3. For example, we had slower China infrastructure spending than we expected with the local government issues with the Mexican election. Pemex was delaying some of its projects. As you know, the elections behind us now and we're seeing that pick up. We have been doing really well at gaining share in the dry dock business. We had some dry dock delays associated with going around the Cape. So just a number of things like that that we do believe are transitory, but the underlying trends for that business, for us are, much stronger than what I, what I would have described for the macro conditions for Deco Europe.
Timothy Knavish: Yes. Hi, Alexia. You know, given the volume, challenges, you know, we have seen, what I would call, you know, kind of around the edges some price downward competitive actions that, you know, that we've had to match in order to keep, keep our business that is an outlier versus most of our coatings portfolio. But I would also tell you that it's not it's not a huge impact because there's still higher, even though, you know, folks are trying to grab volume and, you know, the raw material deflation is, you know, just not what it was earlier in the year. Us and everyone are experiencing higher wage inflation, higher employee benefit inflation than, let's say maybe a normal year. And we're not the only ones having to deal that. So I deal with that. So I think that is having some impact, whether you're talking about architectural EMEA or where maybe it is slowing down any, any you know, otherwise volume grab kind of behavior. But across the portfolio, that's enabling frankly price to hold up. And that's also enabling things like other parts of our portfolio and in performance coatings to get additional price. Because, because us and everyone else are seeing that higher wage inflation.
Timothy Knavish: Hi, Mike, you know, great shareholder value accretive acquisitions would always be our preferred, use of cash, whether it's from proceeds from these potential transactions or just ongoing business. That said, that pipeline is a bit thin, right now. And so, you know, we continue to look at opportunities, but overall, compared to prior years, I would I would assess it as thin and perhaps that'll change going forward. Perhaps that'll change in 2025. You know with interest rates. But right now it's a bit thin. You've seen, three quarters in a row. We've bought shares back. We're demonstrating that we're going to do what we said, which is we're not going to let excess cash, build on the balance sheet. So, you know, when those transactions are potential client transactions close, we will take, you know, look at our pipeline. And if it's still thin, then we'll deploy cash as we have in the last three quarters.
Timothy Knavish: Hi, Mike. Just to put some scale on it, our backlog. So we produced more, sold more, had record quarter in that business, and yet our backlog still grew. So our backlog is almost $300 million. So whatever you have us down for as margin in that business, if we were completely unconstrained, it would be that $300 million at our aerospace margins. But going forward from that, there is nothing on the horizon that our customers are telling us that's going to slow that in the near future or midterm, at least. In fact, we're getting forecasts from them that are even higher. So what we're doing in the short term is, I would call them incremental capacity additions, things you can do quickly, whether it's through productivity improvement or CapEx investments, both of which we're doing. But beyond that, we're assessing, do we need to do something of a larger scale? And when we're ready to talk about that, we'll let you know. But it's pretty significant backlog driven across commercial, general aviation and military, driven across transparencies, coatings and sealants and driven across OEM and aftermarket. Every one of those is getting pulled from our advanced technologies.
Timothy Knavish: Hi, Laurent, I'm expecting lots of paint sales as the Olympics get going here, and then after the Olympics too as well. So I'm sure France recovery is on the horizon. The pricing in the industrial segment, virtually all of it is index pricing. I don't want to say 100%, because there's always things happening around the edges, but virtually all of it is index pricing. And I don't expect that to change significantly as we look through the rest of this year.
Timothy Knavish: Yes. So I'll start and all Trump questions I delegate to Vince. So I'm going to let Vince handle that part. But what I want to say about the EVs is, we're a proud supplier to the number one manufacturer over there and of course, they were doing quite a bit of export. And so they're being cautious right now, and we'll see how that plays out as far as their overall production numbers as we move through the year. But I do want to point out, even though - even with all the headlines on EVs happening right now or maybe in a less than positive direction, I think that's only changing the slope of the curve and not the end point destination of the curve. For 2024, even with all the news we've heard, the projection is still that EV production will grow by 14% versus last year and the production is still that 30% of every vehicle produced in China will be an EV. And of course, China produces about a third of all the world's cars. So, I think we all have to take these headlines as moderation, but not drastically story changing headlines for EV.
Timothy Knavish: Hi, Arun. Let me answer the North American architectural questions. Again, I think when we announced the strategic review in February, we gave some directional information, and certainly the people who are interested and engaged got the data, books, etc., and we're providing data almost on a daily basis, and we're not going to get into the nuances of the different channels. Again, we're in a process where there's a lot of folks looking at it. They have what they need. And we're not going to certainly get into how this may or may not be split. Again, there's a multitude of different scenarios that we're entertaining and we'll let that process play out over the next 60 or 75 days or whatever. So again, we'll let that process play out. And when we get to a ultimate conclusion, I think we'll be a little more granular to answer some of your questions. And let me take a row, let me take the portfolio question. Mathematically, of course, you're spot on that X this business, we will be a little heavier in industrial coatings and a little lighter in performance coatings. But you've seen the numbers and the guidance we've given on the profitability and margin of the architectural U.S. business. And X that business mathematically and going forward, despite that shift from - that you described from less performance and more industrial, in aggregate, we will be a higher margin and higher growth company. And we wouldn't be doing this otherwise. And just to be clear, that there's also the benefit of us as a management team, as a PPG team, being able to focus all resources, whether it's human resources, R&D resources, capital resources, bandwidth resources on businesses that have higher growth and higher margin profiles. So we are fully confident that this is the right thing to do for not only customers, employees, but absolutely for shareholders going forward, fully confident.
Timothy Knavish: Okay, Jaideep. Thanks for the questions there. On packaging, high degree of confidence that we will keep our share gains and continue to grow the share. You did mention an incident one of our competitors unfortunately had, and of course there was some things that the industry did to get through that, but we've won a lot of shares that had nothing to do with that incident. And so we are confident going forward that our technologies inside the can, outside the can, on the easy open end, our food lines, we're gaining share across a number of different spaces that had nothing to do with that isolated, isolated incidence. So, you know good news ahead for that business. JV scenario for architectural, U.S., Canada, at the end of the day there are - I've said from the beginning that we believe this business could be more successful with a partner and that partner could either buy the whole thing or do a JV. What that partner might be able to run more velocity through the high fixed cost that company owned stores brand. They might be able to bring more velocity through, whether it's other paint products or other building products in general. So that is the big issue where a JV may be able to help us from that velocity through your high fixed cost stores. In volume growth, I mentioned as we move through 2023, in the first half of 2024, that we were modifying incentive comp to drive more organic growth. We've done some of that, some of that's already in place and some of its still being implemented as we speak. And that is one element of a multifaceted recipe that we're changing to drive a higher organic profile company.
Timothy Knavish: Yes. Aron, thanks for the question. So at the end of the quarter, I would say industrial segment automotive was decelerating. As I previously mentioned, we got some, uh, further shutdown news as we move through the month of June. I would say industrial starting to see, you know, pretty flat. But we are starting to see some sequential improvement that we projected into Q3. And I think packaging you know, basis the last question is accelerating from a volume standpoint. So that's how I'd quantify the exit rates for industrial segment.
Vincent Morales: Yes. And John, this is Vince. As we said - as Tim said in the opening remarks, we're in the normal process working with these interested parties, working with our bankers, having traditional management meetings, et cetera. So we remain on our original schedule to determine a path forward.
Vincent Morales: Yes, Duffy, this is Vince, just a point of clarification on our materials, we provide organic sales numbers, which for us includes volume and price, as we've alluded to many times this year in this business and in our industrial segment. We have index-based pricing. So excluding price, we're much closer to the service provider numbers that you alluded to in your question. So you have to bifurcate price first volume.
Vincent Morales: Yes. And Mike, on current events, look, as Tim just said in an earlier question, business is performing well. Volumes are a key driver to profitability - our volumes were up in Q2, as we said in the prepared remarks. So we're pleased with the progress year-to-date.
Vincent Morales: And just to get to your question on the second half of the year, just a little bit of history. Again in 2023, we had a price increase going into effect in early Q3. We had a lot of our partners buy ahead of that price increase. So as we alluded to in the prepared remarks, we had very strong Q2 and we finished last year softer Q3 given the buy ahead and that pattern reverses this year. So that order pattern from our distributors is helpful for us in the back half of the year.
Vincent Morales: Jeff, let me just add on here to the TiO2 question before Tim goes to the next question. Two things. One, we're not either advantaged or disadvantaged versus others in the region as it relates to this issue, so it's going to be a item for all coding users. Secondarily, not all of our production and not all of our TiO2 consumption is in the EU. We have plants outside of the EU that are not affected by the tariffs, so we still have some capability to produce with unimpacted tariff Chinese TiO2.
Vincent Morales: Yes. Hi Josh, this is Vince. With respect to the EU, that's you know, we're not involved in whatever that peers involved with. We're under our normal process in terms of reviewing our salaries, benefits on an annual basis. We did as we alluded to at the beginning of the year, have a little bit of a higher wage and benefit inflation this year versus historical given the macro, but again, we expect that to trend to normal, based on what we know today and in future years. As it relates to corporate costs, as we said in our press release, we did due to the lower guidance, for the full year we have made adjustments lower for some of our incentive compensation and that will - and these are not big, big numbers. We'll give a full year 25 guide, as we typically would do in January. We got to get through the rest of this year, before we look at the year-over-year impacts, especially line-by-line or category-by-category.
