Michael McGarry: As you know, Bob, all the surveys on economic optimism have -- continue to go up since the election. We have not seen the order book reflect anywhere near the spike that the optimism shows. We do see solid demand though, just not increasing at that rate. We saw March was a good month, and that’s always encouraging for March to be a good month as that uses the start of the paint season. And I would tell you that overall, our organic growth efforts are taking hold. As you know, we started on this about two years ago. And industrial businesses, that’s automotive, industrial packaging all really understand this and doing a really, really fine job. The refinish is also doing a good job, I think being held back a little bit in aerospace, not because we don’t know how to do it but because a couple of our customers haven’t figured out how to build planes, even though they have a huge backlog. So, I would say the most encouraging one though was our same store sales and our architecture business in the U.S. and Canada. They performed very well. And the fact that we revitalize the store network, those dividends are starting to play out. So overall, we know how to do it, the teams are getting better at it. And I think it’s starting to take hold. It’s being masked though by the significant weakness in the marine segment which is taking fair amount off the top line. But on the protective side, all good. So, thanks.
Michael McGarry: I guess, the way I would describe that is there is more money in the pockets of the consumers and there does seem to be more of a trend to do-it-for-me, if you will as opposed to do-it-yourself. And we have talked to our customers about the need to get more aggressive in the what I would call, the good category that people have come in the stores, wanting to buy the good level paint and sometimes walk out when they are trying too hard to up-sell them. So, we think that this is an opportunity for them to refocus on some of the people that haven’t bought paint in that category. So, for us, we think the continuation of same store sales look good; our April start is solid as well. So that’s why we’ve put in the commentary that we are looking forward to a good second quarter.
Michael McGarry: Sure. So clearly, TiO2 has upward pressure, more that there is a combination of supply-demand, but more because of some of the outages that they have in Europe. I would also say, propylene is up significantly more. This tends to be first quarter, second quarter event every year. We certainly hope that propylene by dehydrogenation trend to help that. But this year that hasn’t been the case, so propylene is up. Certainly emulsions are up, epoxies are up in Asia. So, there is a few more. And then, when you look at it on a year-over-year basis, this time last year, oil was in the 30s; now in the low-50s. So solvents on a year-over-year basis is up. Now, sequentially, going forward, it’s not going to be up. And that’s why we think the second quarter is probably the peak for raw materials. But that’s kind of the flavor we see.
Michael McGarry: Yes. So, overall, the PPG Comex team continues to perform at exceptionally high level. We continue to far exceed our target, which is two times GDP. The team has opened up 45 new stores in the first quarter of this year. Last year, we opened up about 212, if I remember right. So, we’re ahead of our pace, what we anticipated in Q1. Our store relocations have also been ahead of pace. We had price increases in Mexico that have been successful as well. The revenue increases that you talked about the synergies, our protective and marine team has done a good job down there in Mexico. We brought new industrial products that they’re selling down there; that’s been a benefit. And when you look at Central America; that has been a significant win. Originally we said $40 million to $50 million in new sales synergies in the years three through five. We have that $60 million to $70 million. We’re ahead of that pace right now. Sales actually in Central America last year were up nearly 40%; in the first quarter, they were up more than 20%. So, we were on top of a huge comp we were up against. So, we feel very good about our Comex team.
Michael McGarry: Well, the growth comes from the same-store sales; the contraction comes from the independent dealer network along with the big box retail DIY channel. So, that’s it. But, we are projecting 2% to 3% growth for the full year or architectural in the U.S. and Canada.
Michael McGarry: What I would tell you is we’re not slowing down our M&A efforts, the pipeline remains actively engaged. And as far as the specific one, I will not comment on that. But, what you should generally think about is that we’d look at most everything in our space.
Michael McGarry: This is Michael and what I would tell you is that the same countries continue to have the same strength. So, UK, Ireland continues to do well, the Benelux continues to do well, Germany continues to do well, France remains sluggish; obviously they have an election coming up, so there is a not a lot of spending going on at that level right now. The recovery in southern Europe continues but I would say has moderated. The disappointment has been more in Eastern Europe that has probably been the bigger challenge in that regard. And of course, the Middle East which we report as part of Europe Middle East and Africa that has been challenged. And then Africa is significantly challenged. A number of those countries are oil based economies. And as you know, the oil based economies have been challenged. So, when you look at overall Europe, I would say western Europe doing pretty well, eastern Europe a little bit less and then the other ones are the ones that are holding back. I might add, the other one positive would be Russia. In the first quarter, Russian car sales were 4%; that’s the last time -- I can’t remember last time they were up. They were 50% down since their peak. So, that’s one positive side.
Michael McGarry: Well, our guidance earlier in the year was that we would be negative price minus raw materials for Q1, Q2 and positive Q3, Q4. In order to make that happen, we’re going to have to work harder and collaboratively with our customers to achieve our previously announced price increases. But at this point in time, we’re still positive that we’re going to have a net positive. So we haven’t given up on that, but we don’t plan on it.
Michael McGarry: Well, again, regard to the year, we typically don’t provide publicly any cadence or pace for share buybacks. We have conviction around the 2.5 billion to 3.5 billion over the two-year period that we typically wouldn’t pace that out for public consumption.
Michael McGarry: I think they’ll will be down marginally. But obviously, we’re working collaboratively with our customers on price increases. It’s always difficult to forecast when you can start to hit those price increases in your pocket. But we have with relationships with our customers and we’ll continue to work with them in a very straight forward matter.
Michael McGarry: Well, the bottom is probably either this quarter or next quarter is my guess. We saw a slight uptick in ship orders for the first time in a long time in Q1. So, I always say that one data point doesn’t make a trend. So, it’s too early to call that. But last quarter, the fourth quarter, Korean ship orders were off 75%, and China ship orders are off 60%. So that’s not indicative of the world market because obviously they do more of it than anybody else. But, the downturn in some of the other countries would have been less, but it’s still a very significant peak to trough number. 
Michael McGarry: Yes. So, what we had is extra ship days in Q1 and we have less ship days in Q2. And it’s not a straight forth calculation because PPG Comex, actually their two biggest selling parts of the year, Christmas and Easter, so for PPG Comex it’s obviously a benefit in the second quarter and negative in the first quarter. So, it’s not a straight forward calculation. What we’re trying to tell you is it’s somewhere in that 1% to 2% range.
Michael McGarry: Well, I don’t know that it’s right for me to lay out our brand strategy as it’s evolving but let me try to get to part of what you’re talking about. We’re going to have more shelf space at the Home Depot, okay. So, that’s a positive. We are -- if you’re in any of our retail partner stores, you will see the PPG logo on our products. And of course, we’re growing the PPG paints brand in our own store. And as you know, as Mr. Mitch just said, it’s not the Paint C.A.N but it’s PPG paints arena and we’re thrilled to be with the NHL. And now we’re the NHL partner, official paint. So, these are all our efforts to do that. What I would tell is that long-term we will have to put and we will put more branding into the PPG name to support our retail customers. So, this will be gradual and over time but it is something that we are working on and we talk continuously to our retail partners how important this is to us.
Michael McGarry: No, we do not use it anywhere. The only place outside the U.S. that we are using it as a PPG brand is actually New Zealand. And that’s because the way we bought business in Australia and New Zealand. And actually, it’s doing quite well down there. So, maybe it’s sort of learning to us.
Michael McGarry: I think Kevin, naturally, we always get better traction and quicker traction in our performance coatings segment. And it’s harder but we do get it eventually in our industrial coatings segment. As you know our industrial coatings segment has a number of very large, very sophisticated customers that makes it more difficult to get it but they do understand, in all cases at about 70% of our cost of raw materials, so it’s impossible for us to sit here and absorb that kind of cost. So, we will get it, but what I would say is we get it typically quicker in the performance coatings area. And we will see -- sequentially, we will see both go up but we will see better on the performance coatings side.
Michael McGarry: Kevin, I always give the guidance that it takes six to nine months for the company, so you probably should assume nine to 12 months in that segment, because it’s a little harder to get it. But we will get it. And I just think it takes a little bit longer. But it is being offset significantly by manufacturing performance and good cost control across Company. So, when you look at it that has helped us a lot.
Michael McGarry: Well, if you assume that marine touches bottom and starts not having any further negatives, that puts you one or two quarters out on marine. I would tell you that the rest of this segment is in pretty good shape. Aerospace will -- might be flat to slightly up, but we refinish is continuing to do well but distracted driving has helped. The miles driven has helped. Employment being up helps. All that leads to congestion of growth. So, the rest of the segment is a pretty good shape.
Michael McGarry: I’m not putting a big bull’s eye on that. Again, we can see a lot of optimism, but we haven’t seen the order book do that. Our outperformance in that segment has really been driven by technology and also because growth due to performance of the teams. So I guess, I’ll temper your optimism for now and let’s hope that you’re right.
Michael McGarry: So, Dmitry, the segments, the sub-segments that are doing well, automotive parts doing well, electronic materials doing well, transportation general finishes, appliances. The encouraging one for us is heavy duty equipment, it’s up. Now that’s a combination of share gain plus that’s coming off the floor. So, I think that’s all good. The segments that are kind of not doing as well, the extrusion market, the wood market, the coil market, those are the some of the segments that are not as robust. But globally, we had a really outstanding performance across all the world, I mean whether it’s Asia, Latin America, Europe, our industrial coatings segment team has been doing a outstanding job. And I want to complement them on that.
Michael McGarry: Well, I think our friends in Cleveland and us provide more value, more locations, more service. And so, when there is a opportunity for another incremental sale, the two of us are probably getting more than our fair share in that segment, because of what we both offer to the marketplace.
Michael McGarry: Well, we always work collaboratively with our customers, so we don’t try to over recover; we try to be exactly what the market’s going on. But what I would tell you is that we have expectations for productivity, we’ve expectations for manufacturing efficiency, we have expectations on our sustainability initiatives where we’re less energy consumed, less wage, so there is opportunities to continue to improve the margins. But on the raw material side, typically we ask for what we’re having to absorb.
Michael McGarry: So, the market in the U.S. is the strongest globally; Latin America would be next followed by Europe and Asia Pacific. We do think these are sustainable trends. The expanding car parks is the reality and expanding miles driven is the reality, so some of the other thing I talked about earlier. So, I think that’s going to continue to and plus in that segment, you will also commercial transport. So, the fact that economy is trending up, you’re going to have more big trucks built, so that’s a positive for us as well.
Michael McGarry: Well PJ, I would tell you that that is a never-ending quest for us now. So, we’re constantly looking at how do you reformulate that how do you use other extenders, how do you work with your customer on formulations that reduce the need for TiO2. So, we are certainly not going to have -- we took out about 10% since 2011, so it’s harder but it’s not impossible.
Michael McGarry: And I would tell you -- I would add PJ that the TiO2 companies I think regret what happened because that took so much demand in the marketplace and my guess is they won’t make that mistake again.
Michael McGarry: No, I would not say that’s the case at all. What I would say is acquisitions have historically always made a better return than buying back shares. And so, as you know, this coatings franchise continues to throw off a lot of consistent cash flow. And we consistently integrate companies very well and we can capture those synergies very well. We have a proven track record of more than 50 acquisitions in the last 10 years. We have a play book that is well understood within the Company. And for us this just makes a perfect sense. So we are going to continue down this path.
Michael McGarry: Well, I can’t comment on what my friend said because I had our annual shareholder meetings at the exact same time as they were making their comments. But what I would tell you is our commentary is pretty specific and we would just stay with that.
Michael McGarry: And maybe I’ll add to that Jim is what I said earlier was the average median income of the person walking into the big boxes let’s call it $45,000. They can’t all be sold premium paint. And every time you let somebody walk out of those big boxes without a can of paint, when you could have sold them to $20 or $25 can a paint that’s a loss. And I think that’s where we are trying to encourage all our retail partners is don’t let people walk out. Any by walks in, walks up for that chip rack, make sure they walk out with somebody’s can of paint.
Michael McGarry: No. We don’t see any change. If you look at it, Boeing’s orders or deliveries, excuse me, were actually down 7 quarter-over-quarter; Airbus’s were up 11, so a net change of 4. Backlog for both of them are in excess of seven or eight years. So, we haven’t seen that acceleration. I would tell you that the business jet market though is getting -- we got it to get near the bottom. It was the lowest -- 2016 was the lowest since 2004. So, I would say that there is probably likely recovery coming in that market. So that’s probably, and plus, we know military is definitely coming back. So, you got military, probably going to get better, you got general aviation, you got a lot of miles being flown by the major carriers. So that’s a positive. So there’s actually more positive trends than negative. It’s just hasn’t manifested itself in new planes being built.
Michael McGarry: No. Virtually every company we acquire has margins lower than the PPG margins. And virtually every company we buy within a year or two or three, we get up to PPG margins. We have a strong track record in doing that. So, this is no different. So, we bought coatings -- the MetoKote. We’re bringing their margins up. They had a very nice first quarter, but still below the Company average. We bought Univer. The 50% of Univer, we didn’t know in Italy for architectural coatings we’re bringing that up. We bought the remaining in DEUTEK architectural company, significant improvement; they have a great management team; we’re very thrilled to have them join us. In fact, they have a long runway with those folks. They’re talented people. And so, this is no different than we’ve seen anywhere else. Acquire, improve, get the Company average or exceed.
Michael McGarry: Well, in refinish, we’re definitely gaining share. There is two of it that are consistently gaining share in that market. As far as the dichotomy between growth rate, there are two different markets really. So, let’s start with automotive. In the automotive market, we say globally demand builds would be up 1% to 2%, closer to 2%, but it varies by areas. So, U.S. sales we said plateaued but builds are going to be down marginally. And then in Europe, Western Europe builds are growing that’s continuing, but in I would say in the other parts of Eastern Europe, probably not as robust. Latin America is getting better and China, people always are nervous about China. We remain constructive on China. January sales were down, February was up, March was up. We think people are going to get used to this tax not being -- tax abatement not being, it’s still the most important thing for people to -- you want to status symbol to own a car in China, so we think demand will continue to grow. India is going to grow more than 7%. So overall, it’s going to be a solid market, not as good as last year, last year grew more than 3% but overall still a good market.
Michael McGarry: Sure, Mike. This is Michael. The way I would think about that is we should start to lap some of these loss of market share in the U.S. late in the third quarter early in the fourth quarter. And then, so first quarter of next year, we should start outperforming industry in the U.S. and Canada. And given the fact that we already outperformed the other three regions and globally, we outperformed, this will put us back on a very, very solid track on the automotive market globally.
Michael McGarry: It’s a very small business when you look at it versus all the PPG. There is sales in the first quarter up 11% year-over-year. So, I would say it’s performing well, margins were up year over year. I would tell you that they have had two significant wins, they had a nice win with somebody in the electric vehicle market. That was a very good win, and they also had some nice equipment sales. And the beauty about the equipment sales is that they were able to bring our industrial coatings team along with them and provide a total services solution to this customer. And we have another large customer in the industrial space that wants to get out of the painting parts business and they asked us if we would combine our traditional paint business with the coating services. So, I think there’s more opportunities to integrate this and become a seamless part of our product offering to our customers.
Michael McGarry: I’ll take that. We remain interested in consolidating the space we have. We’ve had and continue to have active discussions. The pipeline I think as people realize the past 18 months remains active and we’re certainly interested and continuing dialogue with all the parties. And as we did last year with Medico DEUTEK, as Michael mentioned, et cetera, have room in our portfolio when these enhance shareholder value.
Michael McGarry: I would say the European performance, any time we have new sales or higher sales in Europe, we drop 30% to 40% of that incrementally to the bottom line. That’s our best place, If we’re going to choose the a place that grows that would be it. The US would be next and then Asia, because we aren’t sold out in Asia. That’s the place that we continue to add capacity. So preferentially, we’re very strong in Europe but we’re not ashamed to take growth anywhere and the teams are expected to grow everywhere in and around the world.
Vince Morales: Mike, one last comment. We have captured fully the cost synergies amounts when we did the transaction.
Vince Morales: Steve, the colors on the chart reflect -- I think you’re looking at the yellow on the chart, reflecting are below market.
Vince Morales: We think the market is growing at 2% to 3% a year. We do think the market expanded and I don’t have a slide in front of me. I apologize. We do think the market expanded in the first quarter.
Vince Morales: Chris, this is Vince, I’ll try to answer all your questions. Again, our view is that market continues to remain -- U.S. architectural market continues to remain solid. It’s led as Michael mentioned by professional -- the professional channel where we’re up mid single digits. I think that was our fifth or sixth quarter in a row where we expanded our growth rate in that channel. And Michael commented briefly on the investments we’ve made in past years, leading up to our growth rate. And we do expect that channel continue to outperform. As I just mentioned, the independent dealer channel is a modestly shrinking channel and that trend is not expected to change. The home center channel is expected to grow slightly below the overall industry. We do have some noise in Q1 and Q2 year-over-year because we do have product launches last year in both Q1 and Q2. We mentioned -- you mentioned the Glidden Diamond, which we split between Q1 and Q2 last year as a product launch. We also had our a Paramount product Menards. Again, we split that between Q1 and Q2. And we have the PPG stain Timers launch, which is a smaller category that that’s going into the Home Depot right now. But we do expect that channel as it did last year to slightly underperform the overall industry. So hopefully, I answered your questions fully.
Vince Morales: And in Asia, we are seeing good, fairly good solid growth across the region. I think there was some valid concern coming into the year in China on the car incentives that was being partially repealed. But we did see good automotive sales, again a little bit tick up in inventory in Q1, but we didn’t see a significant decline that tells us there is good solid underpinnings of growth there; India is good, southeast Asia is good as well.
Vince Morales: So, Jeff, this is Vince again. So, Jeff, we did as you know and as we reported in January, purchased roughly $650 million of stock in the fourth quarter. We did that under a program, which we occasionally do. That program ran through our first quarter earnings call. And so, we won’t comment on what we’ve done subsequent to the end of the first quarter but that program did run through our first quarter earnings call.
Vince Morales: Jeff, it’s Vince again, Jeff. It was the latter. We did see an increase in raw material costs, as Michael touched upon earlier. We did have in response to that very good cost management of our manufacturing costs. And that was supplemented by higher volumes, which allowed us to capitalize on those higher volumes and the throughput at our facilities.
Vince Morales: And just David, if I could add. Again, as Michael said eelier, I just want to remind everybody. We do expect Q2 to be the most difficult comparable from a raw material perspective.
Vince Morales: And David, in terms of context for size for 2016, we said it shaved about half of a turn off of our growth rate, somewhere in the neighborhood of half a term.
Vince Morales: Thanks, Michael. So, Frank, we gave -- as you know, we announced the restructuring last year. We’re targeting $40 million to $50 million of savings in 2017 from those restructuring actions. We captured a little less than 25, let’s call 20% of that in the first quarter. We expect that to gradually grow throughout the year and will be hopefully at the middle to upper end of that $40 million to $50 million target.
Vince Morales: Investment today -- John, I am sorry to interrupt you. These investments today we have seen hopefully gain and traction along with our PPG paint store’s growth.
Vince Morales: And then globally, Mike, we do -- we have as Michael mentioned in this prepared remarks some very hard comes coming up. We had mid-single-digit growth in a lot of these businesses. Now, we’re starting to lap some of that. So, again for our numbers in particular, the comps are a little bit harder, but we still feel good about where we sit technology-wise.
Vince Morales: And Laurence, if I could add, we’re working on reformulation as we typically do, in an inflationary environment. So, not only are we working with our customers on price and we’re trying to engineer some of this health as well, so we don’t have to go as forcefully to our customers. So, we’re working on the technology side as well.
Vince Morales: We don’t think that we are on the same -- anywhere near the same trajectory in the TiO2 market. We are seeing inflation there. That inflation, as you mentioned, was 100% inflation. Again, we are seeing inflation, we need to get priced but it’s not of that same level.
Vince Morales: Jim, we don’t feel there is a performance gap us versus market. Again, we recognize last year as an industry, this was a slower growing channel and this is -- first quarter was a continuation of that, albeit again at the very beginning of the paint season. We certainly hope and our working with our national customers to help and put that channel up as much as possible, hopefully at or above market. We just haven’t seen that at this point.
Vince Morales: Just as a reminder, last year was north of -- well north of 5 -- last year for fourth quarter was well north of 5 million this year and just south to 5 million. And as Michael said in his opening comments, we expect that to dissipate in Q2, so it will be very low-single-digits in Q2.
Vince Morales: So those acquisitions, if I can add, again, the management team at MetoKote remains in place. As Michael mentioned, management team at DEUTEK remains in place. So, we’re very pleased to have these people as part of our organization.
Vince Morales: And Don if you summarize what’s happening our position versus the market generally and the highest growth markets, we’re outperforming the industry and the markets that are shrinking, those are ones where we are not performing; we’re performing at or below industry. So again, we positioned ourselves well in the growing markets.
Vince Morales: So, Arun, as Michael mentioned this sector is coming really off the floor. So, we were seeing a gradual recovery. We would hope at some point if the -- we talk about lot of infrastructure, politically if there’s a benefit there that will come slowly. By region, we didn’t see the same significant drop in Asia that we did see in the US and European region, couple of years ago. So that has been a little more steady. And again, in Europe we’re mirroring the US but not in the same volatile pattern of a couple of years ago.
Arun Viswanathan: Great, thanks guys. So, I just had a question on general industrial. Are you guys seeing trends, you talked about heavy duty improving in some of the other markets. Are you guys seeing a noticeable uptick incrementally sequentially from Q4 to Q1, do you expect that to continue through the year and maybe just parse it out by region.
Arun Viswanathan: Great, thanks. And just on the M&A front. You talked about still pursuing other potential targets in your pipeline. Could you characterize how those -- how large those are and if there’s any benefits to doing small bolt-ons versus continuing to pursue a large acquisition like Akzo? Thanks.
Arun Viswanathan: And just one more if I may. Would you be able to characterize like how much of your portfolio you think is market dependent improving? In the past you said that Europe recovery would be very beneficial to you guys, is that still the case. Any other comments around what you guys are looking for to really start to see your organic volume growth improve? Thanks.
