Michael McGarry: Well, I think, David, right now, we're not seeing a whole lot of difference between what we experienced in the fourth quarter. So we had about $0.20 of manufacturing negative deviation. If you think about October, November, we have had in December and January, 4x the amount of people out with Omicron. And that includes not just people who are sick with Omicron, but also people that we have to quarantine because they had a close exposure. And what we're really worried about is if Omicron gets to China. So if you think about China who have a zero COVID policy, and our largest plant in PPG is in Tianjin, and just recently, they had a small outbreak there. And in two days, they tested 14 million people. So if Omicron were to get to China and they continue with their zero COVID policy, that could have a pretty disruptive effect. So we're being very careful in how we look at this. And right now, I just -- I think Omicron has peaked in the U.S., but it hasn't started to come down yet.
Michael McGarry: Yes, actually, Bob, I think our guide for the first quarter looks at two factors. One, raw materials have leveled off. Obviously, we're watching the recent pop in oil up the mid- to high 80s. So that could have an impact on solvents. But right now, we've modeled 20% to 25% raw material inflation. For the first quarter, we were also modeling that our price is going to be at the same level as raw material inflation. So I think that's going to be a good number for us. We are seeing logistics. And I think I misspoke, I think it's 25% to 30% for Q1. But anyway, so price will equal raw material inflation in Q1. And obviously, we're watching logistics costs, but we are feeling pretty good. We're projecting price to be up between 9% and 10%.
Michael McGarry: Well, what I would tell you is freight is the single biggest challenge we have right now, truck drivers not showing up. So you don't get the contract price that you have negotiated, then you end up having to buy spot loads. That's one. We are seeing labor inflation. That's another one. I would tell you that we anticipate warehousing inflation, although we always try to do those as a long-term contract, but any of that roll off this year we'll be looking for an increase in that space. Overall, I would tell you, though, those have all been anticipated. So there's nothing that we haven't anticipated in regards to that inflation. Our team is well-versed that we're not looking to get just raw material inflation, but raw material and total inflation from our customers, and we've been very explicit in those discussions with our customers as well. So I think that would be the first part. I don't know, Vince, if there's anything you want to add.
Michael McGarry: Ghansham, I think the single biggest thing about Omicron, let me just give you an example about how difficult it is to be a plant manager. The toughest job in PPG right now is a plant manager. They wake up in the morning, check their phone to see how many people call off sick, then they get to work. They go through the dock area to see how many trucks didn't get picked up, and then they go to the receiving area and then find out what didn't come in that was supposed to. And then they move it into the plant and the supply chain people are telling me that they're going to have to make smaller batches because of lack of raw materials. And then the sales team is telling them, oh, my God, we - if we don't get paint out the door, here's how many customers we're going to impact. So by the time they get to their desk, before they even have a morning meeting, they've of issues. But the contrary to that is when I think about your first quarter to second quarter question. What do I see improving? I see automotive OEM definitely improving. The chip shortage is going to continue to get marginally better. They're getting better at handling it. So that is going to get better. Refinish, clearly, this winter that we're having right now is a positive. And so refinish is going to get better first quarter to second quarter. At some point, China is going to approve the 737 MAX. And when they fully approved that, that is going to be a positive for our aerospace business because Boeing we anticipate will increase build rates. Also, we are seeing, and you've heard the CEOs of the airlines talk about how people are already booking post Omicron. So we expect the MRO of our aerospace business to continue to improve first quarter to second quarter. Our packaging business, we kind of continue to see a strong push for sustainability. There are a number of new packaging plants that will be opening up in 2022. And so to transition from plastic to metal packaging, away from single-use plastic is continuing, and that is going to be a positive. So that -- those are the positives that I see coming up now. Clearly, the marine new builds in China are going to be significant, but we don't anticipate that to be a first quarter to second quarter event. I think that's more of a back half of the year.
Michael McGarry: Well, I would tell you that, that's not a precise answer because you have to balance the capital that you put in to build additional resin capacity into the cost of buying it. And so for us, we're actually getting more capacity in Mexico, we're adding a little bit more capacity in the U.S. We don't see the need to do that in Europe because the supply availability is pretty good in Europe. And from Asia, it is certainly not a priority for us. So it is a balance. So I would tell you that we'll be higher and internally source resins in '22 and '23 than we are today.
Michael McGarry: And Mike, I would just add that when you think about the volume, you can use external sources like or in bus and then you could think about how a bigger return in our impacted businesses will be a positive for us. And finally, productivity. Productivity is one item that we're very good at, and this obviously wasn't there in the 2021 time period.
Michael McGarry: So John, the way I would think about it is, first of all, we had a very extensive test. So we started out in Tampa, Denver, Albany. So we had about 80-plus or in that market. That went exceptionally well. And then we expanded that to Indie, New Orleans and Detroit. We added about another 80 stores. So that's let's call it, 160 stores. And they were very pleased. We were able to share internal data between the companies about who comes into Home Depot, who buys a number of paint sundry items, but do not buy paint. We were also able to pinpoint who comes in the store and buys what type of paint if they optimize their purchase, they'd be able to do a better job in productivity. And as a result of that, we are able to target not winning in Home Depot, but winning externally. And that is the #1 thing that Home Depot and PPG want to do is win externally. And so this is going to be a significant win for us. We will be outpacing the Pro growth for many years to come with the support of Home Depot. So we've basically taken our 800 stores, they're 2,000-plus stores and formed a network, and this will allow them to significantly grow their share in the Pro Paint market.
Michael McGarry: Which will drive productivity for the Pro Painter. That's what this is all about. So they can spend more time painting and less time driving the stores.
Michael McGarry: Yes. Actually, we will have 5s in the store. So if you go into a Home Depot right now, you'll see PPG 5-gallon containers already in the store. We will be coordinating with Home Depot on delivery as appropriate. And we also have service level agreements with our own stores to provide a fast turnaround to our people that are ordering digitally. And of course, Home Depot already has this on their digital apps as well. So this will continue to be a new dynamic in how paint is delivered to our major Pro Painters.
Michael McGarry: Sure, Laurent. And so what you are starting to see in Europe is the continued growth in Pro Painter in Europe. And it's DIY is kind of normalized, but Pro is picking up. And even though there have been a small amount of lockdowns in Europe, that has not really impacted the order pattern so far in the European market. Plus we have the growth that we are expecting to see in Tikkurila. So we have a pretty good line of sight to their -- what they call their preselling season, and that has worked out pretty well. And so we're expecting to have a pretty good first quarter, second quarter in European architectural.
Michael McGarry: Well, I think what you should think about, Frank, is that every quarter from this point out, we should start to see improvement in the margins. So we're anticipating raw materials are flattening out right now. Our price increases will continue. So we've had 19 quarters in a row of positive price. So we'll be stacking 2021 out there as well. And so that's going to be the start of it. We'll be getting the manufacturing behind us. Those issues will be behind us as well. So that will be a positive. And then we have a number of productivity programs, capital that we want to put into the business to drive more productivity, so you take less -- need less labor to get paint out the door. So that will also be a positive. So we've talked about being over $9. I don't know why we wouldn't be there in 2023.
Michael McGarry: Yes. I would say, Kevin, the businesses are probably pretty much what you would expect, right? So we've been working proactively in our refinish business, and we're able to consistently get price and refinish. PMC, we've done a really good job in PMC except in in China. China has been a challenge for us with people chasing volume. So that would be the 1 area I'd say we need to do a better job in. And then when you think about architectural, we've consistently done a good job on that around the world. I have no concerns in that regard. I would tell you that we've gotten traction in automotive OEM. And so automotive OEM was very close to the company average in the fourth quarter, and they expect to be at the company average in the second quarter. So that's been an improvement. I would say on the packaging side, we need to do a little bit better. We have more inflation in packaging because it has higher epoxy component. And I've been pleased with the industrial side. But the around the world way of thinking about this is China has always been the most challenging on the automotive OEM side. We have a number of competitors that are still chasing volume instead of pushing price. So we see that, and so we're conscious of what's going on over there.
Michael McGarry: Okay. Let's do these by the acquisitions. So we'll start with the little one. So VersaFlex well ahead, been exceptionally pleased with that team. The 2 in Germany, Cetelon and Wörwag, unfortunately, the prior management before our time had made commitments for 2021. So the good news is 2021 is buying this. 2022 price increases will be significant and is already in place. So I'm pleased with where we are starting, not pleased, obviously, that we had to wait a number of months to make that happen. Traffic solutions, that's the old Ennis-Flint. They've done a really good job on that. They've really have changed the way the industry things about getting value for paint. And I think that has really helped out a lot. And then finally, Tikkurila, we're doing very well there as well. I've been pleased with the team. And we had a good pricing realization in the fourth quarter, and we're starting out Q1 in good shape as well. So net-net, slow on a couple of businesses due to prior management commitments. But overall, for 2022, I feel very good about it.
Michael McGarry: No. Actually, Arun, on both those businesses, we have substantial backlogs. We finished the year in refinish, especially in Europe and the U.S. with substantial backlogs. Inventories are low. Winter has been helpful to us, especially here in the U.S., so we're anticipating a good start to our refinish business in 2022. And we finished with a very substantial backlog in aerospace. The challenge in aerospace has been the airlines have been ordering MROs, especially transparencies and coatings. And coatings were able to mostly keep up, but on transparencies, we're having a challenge of hiring enough people. It takes a lot longer to train people to build transparencies. And so I would tell you that pretty substantial backlog, and that's only going to get bigger in the first half of the year, and we anticipate both of those businesses doing better in 2022 than they did in 2021.
Michael McGarry: Yes. The other thing I would tell you, Arun, that maybe people don't recognize it with used car price is so high, people are repainting cars that get an accident that might have previously been totaled. And so we're seeing a number of used cars get painted. And historically, where that might have been what I'd call a value paint, a lot of people are now coming in and demanding premium paint. So the refinish business is in really good shape.
Michael McGarry: Duffy, the first thing is I'd probably take a little bit of an exception to that minus 4 going to a plus. I don't think that's likely, I think, a minus 4 would have probably been minus 1 or at best because there's a number of other issues going on in the market right now. To the extent that we can get raw materials, we are shipping product. And from that standpoint, most of our businesses have had challenged getting product out the door. We have significant demand out there. And I don't think it would have been any different mix, to be honest. Clearly, if we'd have been able to get more transparencies and more refinish out the door, that would have been a better mix for us. But I'm not sure that we have really substantially diluted ourselves or accreted ourselves by what we shipped in the fourth quarter.
Michael McGarry: Yes, we'll start with the OEM. I would tell you that we were slightly below because when you look at some of our business in China, we decided that we wanted price, and we were willing to walk away. And that business will come back to us. So I'm not worried at all about that. We are definitely gaining share in the mobility section. In fact, we started up a brand-new battery fire protection plant in China, and that's 100% for batteries, and that is going exceptionally well. And we will be doing similar expansions in Europe to support the European growth as well. So I feel very confident about that, but we are committed to getting price up in OEM. And if that means that some of the smaller customers move their business elsewhere, that's fine. From an emerging market standpoint, let's talk about this in several different factors, okay. China is right now a little bit soft, but they're not growing as fast as they used to grow. They're still growing, right? And we're expecting global production in China to be up 4%, 5% in 2022.  Second, I would tell you that India is doing exceptionally well. We're expecting them to be up 8% or 9% this year. And actually, when you look at our Eastern European business in the past 6 months, it was up high single-digits. So we're pretty pleased with that as well. And what I'm most excited about long-term, it won't be a major win in 2022. But with our Tikkurila acquisition, we are now the largest coatings company in Russia. And our architectural business is substantially bigger than the #2 guy, and I think this is going to be an opportunity for us to grow share in Russia through Advantage products. And that's going to be a win for us long-term in Russia.
Michael McGarry: Sure, Mike. I mean the issue that you have is the suppliers don't have great visibility on when they do or don't get chips. So they provide us an order schedule. And in the old days, a 90-day advance order schedule would give us, let's call it, 85% to 90% confidence. And then at 30 days, it was 100% confidence. Well, nowadays, even at a week out, we only have 80% confidence. And so we're having to make smaller batches, and we're having a shipped get in from a chip standpoint, what we might have to make, and those lead to inefficiencies in our operations. But what I would tell you, looking forward, the industry produced about 75 million cars this year. And we're looking at that being closer to 82 million to 84 million cars next year. So this is still down from its peak, and that is a substantial opportunity for us long term because at the peak, it was 95 million cars. So there is still more runway in the automotive OEM space.
Michael McGarry: And Mike, I assume you've also put in the OEM model the growth in the mobility space. So when we do get back at higher levels, there will be more content per vehicle for PPG.
Vincent Morales: Yes, David, and if you think about our Q1 guide in addition to the production concerns, or limitations we've had, we do know that China will be limited somewhat due to the Olympics. We are also experiencing significant logistics issues in the U.S. and in other parts of the world. We expect those logistics issues to continue into Q1, especially in March when the overall economy starts to improve seasonally. And for us, the month of March is our biggest month by far in the first quarter as is traditional. And we have more muted visibility on March than we typically would, given the issues we've seen over the past six to eight weeks.
Vincent Morales: Yes, Chris, just to stratify the total cost pools here. Again, raw materials remain significant, they're 60%, 70% of our cost of goods sold. If you look at labor, it's a mid-single-digit percent of our sales, a little higher. Obviously, in architectural given the stores and the feet on the street, a little lower in some of our OEM businesses and logistics costs is probably mid- to high single digits as a percent of sales. Again, the distribution businesses, like architecture, we finish a little higher, the OEM business is a little lower. So these labor and logistics costs, while they're building up, and we're covering them with price. They're much smaller cost components for the company.
Vincent Morales: Yes, Mike, this is Vince. I'll start and Michael can add some color. The biggest issue that we've talked about for the last couple of quarters is just a return of normalcy on some of our biggest businesses, auto OEM, refinish, aerospace. Michael gave you some color a few minutes ago around how we see that just from 1Q, 2Q, but those businesses are down 10% to 15% or more in the case of aerospace versus 2019 levels. We do see strong demand patterns in those businesses. And to get to the $9, we need those businesses to get closer to 2019. One of the other benefits we expect is we had negative price raw exposure all of 2021. As Michael said, we're cresting on raws, prices are getting close to raws or exceeding them, depending on the business. So we expect some year-over-year recovery there. And then if you look over the past couple of years, Mike, we've taken about $250 million of structural cost out via restructuring. We've taken out about another $100 million to $125 million of overhead cost out. So as volume returns, we expect a higher incremental margin than we've had historically. So those are 3 of the bigger pillars that will get us to the $9. And again, a return of normalcy is the biggest one of those.
Vincent Morales: And if I could add, this is Vince. A couple of things for us strategically. This is consistent with our heavy distribution model in an asset-light format using existing brick-and-mortar. This is also consistent with our digital strategy, where we're able to use digital platforms for both us and our big customers. And probably one of the more exciting things that Michael alluded to as we compared CRMs or customer data, we do know that painters of all size build into The Home Depot. As Michael alluded to, they're not always buying paint today, but painters of all size, all Pro Paints of all sizes are going into Home Depot for something. So this will, we hope, alleviate their need to visit 2 different or 3 different retail outlets to get their full needs.
Vincent Morales: But I think, Frank, just -- again, the challenges we faced over the past 3 or 4 quarters, we've been playing significant catch-up on pricing. Again, that's -- we think we're normalizing there to closer to parity this quarter. In successive quarters, we hope to get some recapture. So that headwind should turn into at least a neutral, if not a catch-up tailwind. The manufacturing, again, we expect to normalize at some point, we hope in late Q1, early Q2. But the real driver for us is that volume. And again, we're down significantly. We're down probably 6 -- 5%, 6% versus 2019 still with several of our big businesses, as I alluded to earlier, and those are going to come back at nice incrementals. And then as John Bruno mentioned, we'll have the synergy capture latter part of this year heading into next year. So these will be stacked sequentially in that manner.
Vincent Morales: Kevin, this is Vince. Let me start. The 9% to 10% in the Q1, if you look at it on a 2-year stack, it's closer to 11% to 12%. So I think when we talk about pricing from here going forward, we're going to have to look at it on a 2-year stack because we did get pricing traction early in 2021. So we'll be lapping that as we go throughout the year. So again, that 2-year stack is probably a better marker on a go-forward basis. And that, again, 11% to 12% is what we're expecting on a 2-year stack beginning in Q1. And I'll let Michael talk about the different businesses.
Vincent Morales: Yes, if I could just add on some of the auto businesses. For us, our mission is to ensure we're getting good value for our products. If we don't see value, we're going to shed some of the customer businesses. We know some of the competition, especially in China is not doing that. Our marker is to remain a good, solid, profitable automotive business.
Vincent Morales: Yes, and then just on cash deployment. First of all, we're still reviewing what I would call an active acquisition pipeline. That remains if it's available and at the proper price priority for us. We'll continue to vet those and use the remainder as a flywheel. We'll certainly look to mop up dilution this year as we've tried to do in prior years, at least on a cumulative basis. We have some debt to service, so we'll do that as well. But right now, we have a strong balance sheet, and we'll use that for shareholder accretion as we go throughout the year.
Vincent Morales: Arun, this is Vince again. If you think about one of the things Michael alluded to in the opening comments, the inventory channels in almost every one of our end markets is very depleted. The most visible economically is in the automotive business, where dealer lots are void of cars. We know Refinish is an extremely light in terms of inventory, not only to complete the current mix of cars that are in need of repair, but also to replenish with a very low distribution inventory level. Michael talked about aerospace MRO, a very light inventory that needs to be replenished with safety stock. The architectural businesses, no matter where you are in the world, the inventory ad market is very light. And so in general industrial markets, some of those have very low safety stock, if any at all. So we're very comfortable if we could make product, we could sell product. And we do feel, hopefully, some of the supply chain issues will resolve in the back half of Q1, early Q2 and allow us to begin shipping we certainly need to get the labor availability back. But inventory replenishment is a big story for 2022.
Vincent Morales: Duffy, I'll add here, the minus 4 is versus a very strong comp in the prior year. We saw in the fourth quarter of 2020, the partial recovery from COVID in our automotive businesses and our industrial businesses. So we had very strong performance in Q4 of 2020 that we were comping against in 2021. If you compare to 2019, we're still down more than 4%. And again, it's in the heavy technology last businesses refinish OEM aerospace that typically would favor that you're referring to.
Vincent Morales: And Michael mentioned earlier, P.J., Mexico, for us, we have big businesses there, obviously, in architectural, which has done exceptionally well once again. The automotive and industrial businesses we have there were somewhat tempered by the lower automotive builds on a year-over-year basis. We do expect those to return as the chip shortages alleviate as we pass through the year here.
Vincent Morales: Yes, and at the peak, the 95 million cars Michael mentioned doesn't include the fact that we have to replenish the dealer lots. We think that's up to 2 million to 3 million vehicles in 2022 alone if they can make them as well as the rental car fleets in the U.S. are fairly depleted and those needs replenished. And then in Europe, there's a lot of company-owned cars that have been not replenished over the past couple of years. So in addition to the normal demand, the normal consumption from consumers, there's other elements in the automotive market that we believe will allow us to remain an elevated production capability, willing elevated production for multiple years.
Vincent Morales: Yes, Edlain, this is Vince. We did this just a few questions ago, we'll answer that again. We're going to look at acquisitions, primarily still active pipeline, likely smaller transactions in the past 12 to 15 months. And we'll mop up dilution for sure, this year at a minimum. And we'll do some debt servicing, and then we'll continue to assess as we go through the year where to deploy any excess cash.
