Michael McGarry: Well David, I'd look at that in two ways. The first one is, we continue to see moderation on a year-over-year basis. But you have to be a little bit careful that on a sequential basis, things like copper and oil have started to move up. So I think that moderation – pace of moderation will vary in the third and fourth quarter. We're not exactly sure how the pandemic is going to continue to play out. But I would be looking at it on both a prior-year basis as well as a sequential basis.
Michael McGarry: Well, I don't think there was really any pull forwards. If you look at inventory on the shelves, I'd say that most of our big box customers would advocate that they would like to see more inventory on the shelf. So I don't see a pull forward from that standpoint. But I do think there is a limit on how many rooms that people will paint in their house. So I do think it will start to slow down over time. Now, obviously that's going to vary by how long there is a stay-at-home orders by various states, but we are not expecting the third quarter to be quite as strong as the second quarter.
Michael McGarry: No, I think that's a reasonable assumption. I think the question we have is, if you look at some of our big markets, so think about automotive, right. They have demand out there, but they are having people problems, getting their plants up and running, and making sure everybody is safe. So I think that's the challenge that we don't understand is to what extent will they be able to keep their plants operating at the level they want because they have the demand. It's just now, it's just a matter of whether they can keep it going.
Michael McGarry: Yes. So Bob, the way we are looking at it is in the second quarter, we had a number of our plants down for a substantial period of time. Some of them down four to six weeks, right. And we did a really, really good job, our team did a fantastic job with our customers coordinating what colors they wanted when they started up. And we tried to manage that such that they took the colors we had. The colors they wanted right before they shut down and so we were able to actually stay down longer than they were because of that coordination with the customers. So that, we can’t duplicate in the third quarter because basically all our plants are running again. But we have learned a lot of things through this pandemic. Our ability to drive productivity has improved. Our digital initiatives have continued. And so I think a lot of that is a testament to the resilience of the PPG team.
Michael McGarry: And Ghansham, I'd say that in the later quarters that will come, we're going to have better incremental margins. I mean I think that's a given. As that volume returns, we're more efficient and we can see that helping us out.
Michael McGarry: So John, se see continued improvement in China, but we're not seeing like a massive jump. I think the GDP for our customers are probably going to be in that 3% to 5% kind of range. We are seeing continued improvement in the automotive demand. People are staying away from mass transit. So there are more people driving. So that's positive. We do see virtually every province has some kind of automotive stimulus package to support their own little automotive guys in that province. So we do see that continuing. Our industrial business continues to win share in China, so we expect that to continue. So I'd say overall, we're still very positive on our China team as well as our China business.
Michael McGarry: And John, back to your last question, which is EV. We are getting orders on a various aspects of the EV battery. So we're getting some, obviously, painting the exterior. We just recently won a new award for – I would say the leading EV maker in China where we're providing protective coatings inside the battery. Obviously, that's to eliminate what they call thermal events, which you and I call fires. So we're very pleased with that and we continue to see more trials underway with all the leading battery guys in China. And we think that's a market that's going to grow the fastest for EVs.
Michael McGarry: Well, there's clearly improvement every month in our stores business. And so we're pleased to see that. The work that is really being done a lot of is the exterior work right now. And now we're starting to see consumers be a little bit more understanding and they're allowing inside work as well. So I think the pace of recovery will continue. The challenge, of course, in our architectural business in the U.S. is the commercial side and the maintenance side. So the buildings that were underway are going to get completed. And then that we think there's going to be a slow down in new construction. And then, of course, for resident or commercial maintenance, that's going to be the challenging part going forward.
Michael McGarry: So John, we have a number of books in-house and we're making progress on some of them. As always, it challenges the bid and the app gap now. The benefit is that with the June that we had in June that we expected some of these companies had that bid and the app should start to narrow. So we do expect to have some progress in this area this year. Obviously, I don't think we're going to close on any of them in 2020. But I do expect us to have progress. And I would say the pace of the inquiries has not changed. We had a strong order book, if you will, going into this, and we have good opportunities coming out of this. So I'm pleased with it.
Michael McGarry: Well, digital is clearly a significant one. So we are moving much more to a click and collect and click and deliver model, and that has provided nice tailwinds and we expect that to accelerate. And if you think about the traditional trade painter, that was not their method of doing business prior to the pandemic. So we anticipate that's going to continue. Obviously, we have some opinions on and you saw that in the second quarter results. Aerospace is going to take a little bit longer to recover. And so we took aggressive actions in our aerospace business. We're also getting more productive in our refinished business. So those two businesses are there. And, of course, I would say the last one is, the service model that we have in automotive and to a small extent and industrial. We've shifted much more to a pay model and so we will either get paid for our technical service people out in the field or we will have less of them. And right now, I'm pleased to report that our customers are really paying for them. This is a – if you notice for OEM, we were above market in all regions, and that's because they value the technical service that our people provide and allow them to start up. That's really important to them. And so they have been willing to pay for that.
Michael McGarry: Well, I don't know that I would use the word robust, but I think two things I would point to in refinish. One, this second quarter has completely washed all the inventory out of the chain. And so you're not going to have to worry about how much inventory is in the chain. Our body shops ran them down, our jobbers ran them down. Everybody washed them out of the system. So going forward, you're going to see hopefully demand matching up with what we're selling. And I would tell you, also, I was pleasantly surprised by the orders that we saw in June despite congestion being, I would say, mediocre at best, there's still a lot of opportunities out there. So body shops are running at 70% to 80% right now in the U.S. and Europe. And so that's actually a little bit better than I would have projected given how little congestion there is out there on the Street.
Michael McGarry: Well, actually it's ironic because we had the same 2023 for getting back to $17 million. But that's not the way. I'm thinking about our automotive business. I'm thinking about our automotive business will have a better volumes than that sooner because of the growth in EV. So I am thinking about this slightly differently. It's going to be builds and EV going forward, not just builds.
Michael McGarry: I think housing is actually going to be stronger than people anticipate. I think people are going to be willing to live outside the bigger cities. And so I anticipate housing to get better, faster and sooner. And with interest rates at these kinds of levels, there's really no reason why people can't qualify for mortgages. So the key will be how quickly can we get people back to work. Right now, you've got so many small businesses that I think are at permanent damage risk. That's the thing I worry most about is all these small business people that are out – will likely be out of business.
Michael McGarry: Yes. So Jeff, as you know, the builds for Airbus and Boeing have come down appreciably, and we anticipate them to stay down for a while. So last year they were building, let's call it 45, 737s a month. Now they're building, let's call it 20% of that, 30% of that. So appreciably different. Now MRO though is strictly dependent upon the number of times that plane goes up and comes down. And we peaked at about 64% of the flights or planes being parked. And now we're about only 40% of the planes are parked. And so MRO will start to get better because it's – again, it doesn't matter if there's one person on the flight or a 100. And so we anticipate that getting better. So we think a leading indicator, if you want to try to estimate MRO, a leading indicator is the growth in flights, not passengers. So don't pay attention to the passengers, but pay attention to the flights.
Michael McGarry: Yes. They're all four regions are different. So you have lower prices in Asia. You have higher prices in Latin America due to currency. You have slight moderation in Europe and very little moderation in the U.S.
Michael McGarry: Chris, I wouldn't want you to miss my comment in my opening remarks where we had a global architectural record performance.
Michael McGarry: So Kevin I'll start with France. As you know that's our largest market. And France, April, we had a lot of challenges in April because of the stores were shutdown because of government mandates. And starting in May, they started to loosen up and by June, all the stores were open and in July, we're doing quite well. So France was just a steady upward trend. The UK started really strong April, May kind of a little bit of a downturn in June as the re-spike in numbers came up. But in July, they're back to really, really good numbers. Poland is doing great. There's no doubt we're taking share in Poland and the rest of our Eastern European business is quite strong. The Benelux, we're definitely doing exceptionally well there. So I've been pleased with our European performance.
Michael McGarry: Well, I think Vince tried to cover this previously. And these kind of times it's always difficult to put your finger on exactly whether you're gaining share or losing share. But I do feel – there's no question that we're gaining share in Australia. I mean that's an easy one to measure. I would say the UK pretty easy to measure there. I would say those are the areas that we're most comfortable with. Clearly automotive is easy to measure. We know exactly what the builds were, and we know exactly what our sales are. So that is a given. I think the rest of them can be quite tricky to figure that one out.
Michael McGarry: Yes. So Stephen, just to get start talking about Moonwalk. We've had 250 installations put in, 150 of which got put in, in the second quarter and 30 of them were new body shop wins. So it is performing at a good level. Obviously, we've been a little bit challenged of getting that out into the field because we have to send tech service people into the field with the equipment to make sure people are trained on running it. So we anticipate that we'll continue to roll that out. We will be looking at moving that into the U.S. as well. Obviously, it's most important in the high labor markets and the high markets where labor is hard to come by. And so that would say that we're probably not going to roll that out in Asia, as a likely place. But we have been picking up share in refinish. We track that quite closely. It's a net win basis because you win some, you lose some, but overall we feel comfortable. The key with refinish though will be getting the miles driven back as well as congestion.
Michael McGarry: Well, there are certain costs that are related to restructuring Vincent, that we cannot based on GAAP accounting take until they're incurred. So there'll be some modest trickle outs in Q3, Q4 and even Q1. Again, based on the accounting guidelines, they're very modest.
Michael McGarry: Well, I think, Duffy, the one that is on a – what I think a temporary lag is aerospace. I’m fully convinced that whenever it's safe to get on a plane again, the planes will fill up. You know, when I look at the number of cruise ship bookings for next year, it's radically up, people want to travel, people don't want to be locked in their homes. So probably don't have to wait for the vaccine, but a vaccine would certainly be a huge benefit. But we are aggressively managing our cost structure in aerospace. So I think that's the one that will probably be a little bit longer. I think refinish, we had an incrementally every month was better April versus May versus June. So I'll be in a better position to answer that question by the end of the next quarter. But I would say that we'll probably be 90% of the way back at refinish in the back half of the year. And then it's a matter of what do we have to do to get that last bit back. But those are the only two that I think of – I mean I see cars as a long-term getting back over time. And for us, we will be growing faster than the market because of our EV exposure. And industrial, similar kind of thing. So I don't see any structural deficiencies except aerospace in the short-term.
Michael McGarry: Well, it's definitely regional. I would say we're understocked in Australia, UK and a little bit in the U.S. At this point, the paint season they never want to miss the paint sale, that's the key. And then they typically de-stock in the third and fourth quarters as they especially after Labor Day. So I would tell you that this year is a little bit different. How much inventory they are going to carry going into the fourth quarter is a total unknown at this point in time. And so if I had a crystal ball, I'd tell you that there is a potential for some continued strength beyond what you see in the market, but I think that would be probably a little too much speculation.
Michael McGarry: Yes. So the reason that 2% is a comp over year-over-year the timing of when these increases come vary. So we feel very comfortable on the performance coatings side that pricing is there and it's sticking and will be there. On the industrial side, obviously that's always a harder place. But right now, we're maintaining price. We're going to continue to maintain price from a PPG perspective. We'll be willing to walk away from business to make sure we get paid for the value we think we're going to deliver. Right now I see customers much more focused on us helping them get up and running, and price hasn't been a discussion, a significant discussion at this point in time. Obviously, that's going to change once they're up and running and fully operational and things like that. But by and large, you know, what I tell people on the industrial side is, we can get all the price that we needed in the last up cycle, and so we should not be giving away any price just immediately when this – you see raw material start to moderate. So I think there is a give and take here, and right now I feel comfortable that we should continue to maintain price through the balance of the year.
Michael McGarry: Yes. So we're down in the Southern part of Brazil. There's three states down there that we're very strong in. So we're not that strong in think about Rio and Sao Paulo, that's not where our strength is and where we are the pandemic is not as robust as it is up in the major cities, plus we have a new leadership team down there in Brazil and they've done a really outstanding job of growing with our, not just our big box customers down there, but also on our trade side. So it's been two factors.
Michael McGarry: And then Laurence on the digital question, there will be some lumpiness on the capital side, it will vary by business. So once we have a solution in place in architectural, we will replicate that around the world without a lot of significant capital expenditure. But as we roll out some of the solutions that we have for automotive and industrial, those things will need to be replicated and will be a little chunkier. So our capital spend this year is down, but not in digital and digital it's up.
Michael McGarry: Yes. So Mike, I would tell you that the number one thing, the auto guys want is to get their plants up and running and the paint shop is at the end of the line. So if you end up with a car that's made, but you can't get it paint, that's really expensive for them. So they wanted our people in the plant before they started up to make sure that they were ready to go and then they wanted actually helping the plants to ensure a smooth start up at which we've been able to do. So I would say the amount that we were above market varied anywhere from 2% to 10% depending upon the market. But that's not sustainable, it will be probably above market in the next couple of quarters, but then it will probably be ratably back to market performance. At the end of the day, the customers are very much interested in helping them grow their business. So productivity is another thing that we're focused on. So our tech service people are in the plants to help them drive productivity and the more that we can do that the more that they're willing to pay for those services.
Michael McGarry: So in refinish, actually in China, if you think about the big cities, they are already back I would say at about 90% plus of congestion, not during the day, but peak rush hour in the morning and in the evenings, look just like they did pre-pandemic. What we're seeing is that people are consolidating their trips and therefore, you don't see that those extra trips during the middle of the day. So the roads are a little bit more open. So that's the only negative in China. In Europe, they did a much better job of handling the pandemic as we've done in the U.S. And so congestion is coming back a little bit quicker in Europe than it is in the U.S. So we're actually quite pleased and they've done a better job of managing their inventory as well. There's not as many large, super large distributors in Europe like we have here in the U.S.
Michael McGarry: Thank you, Rocco. I'd like to thank everyone for your time and interest in PPG. If you have any further questions, please contact our Investor Relations department. This concludes our second quarter earnings call.
Vincent Morales: Hey Ghansham, this is Vince. No question, that's a fairly wide range. We just don't know the shape of the pandemic and some of the key regions, we're still seeing effects obviously in Latin America, South America, India, U.S., so the range that we put out and try to bracket the best case and worst case with respect to how that pandemic will affect the quarter.
Vincent Morales: Yes. Again – I'll go here again. I think one of the issues, if you look, we had a 40% decremental in Q1. The pandemic hit very quickly and abruptly, we weren't able to manage our costs accordingly. As Michael just mentioned, we were able to be very planful throughout the quarter in Q2, managing not only our operations, but our administrative group. The operations are all started back up. Some of those costs are binary, they're either in or out. So regardless of the volume, these kind of semi-variable costs, some of those were back in Q3. So we're not going to be at the 25% for 26% decremental, but we're certainly not going to be at the 40% incremental we had in Q1. So it will be somewhere in between. Hopefully closer to 25%.
Vincent Morales: And John, if I can add – I do think – just to piggyback on the last question. Though China, we haven't seen a full volume recovery we've seen a nice volume recovery. But as we alluded to our financial performance there is above prior year due to those – the effect of those incremental Michael was talking about.
Vincent Morales: Yes, John. Just as a reminder to everybody, we took a $30 million bad debt reserve in the first quarter, anticipating some effects from the pandemic. We were not anticipating to see a big customer problem in Q2. Most of our customers have enough liquidity, certainly last quarter or longer that that $30 million would be something that we would expect to – if it's used at all to come through sometime in the latter part of the year. Our collections in Q2 are actually very strong. We've had, in some regions, some of our best percent currents. We still have a $30 million reserve there. Again, we do expect that to be – we'll vet that as we go through the balance of the year, but we would expect some impact in the latter part of the year.
Vincent Morales: Yes, Mike. On a like-for-like basis, we're several hundred basis points better, be it Q1 2008 – Q1 2009, or Q2 2009. Again, that's a reflection of all the structural cost savings we've actioned in the past several years. So if you flash forward, hopefully, when the volumes come back, we would expect to hold that couple hundred margin basis point improvement versus the last cycle.
Vincent Morales: Hey, Chris. This is Vince. I think there's a lot of opaqueness out there, so it's really hard to determine market shares. We'll certainly go through this quarter, next quarter, look at all of our results, our competitors’ results. I think the biggest thing we see, obviously, there's a share shift right now from Do-It-For-Me to DIY. That helps our DIY business, it’s our trade business. Competitively that has different impacts. In the other business as you mentioned, there's really a lot of variables by region, for example, in packaging, a lot of the packager or a lot of the can guys in Asia had to shut down for COVID reasons. So it's really hard to discern what you're asking until we are on a more steady or run rate basis. We're comfortable with what we're doing. We're comfortable in some of the strategic initiatives we laid out like digital delivery. Those things are coming into favor. So the work we've put in the past couple of years around those are helping us. Some of our technical items, some of our technical things like Michael mentioned earlier with respect to – EVs are coming into favor. So a lot of the long lead items we put in place due to this pandemic are coming into favor, which is helpful for us.
Vincent Morales: Again, it's hard with not a lot of market information at this point. But our digital sales are up triple-digits off of a very small base. We definitely see – as Michael alluded to earlier, we definitely see our customer base more willing to move to a digital platform. We're certainly holding our own in DIY market, but the whole market has been elevated. We moved to this preferred authorized dealer network really to be more optimal in our full delivery. Our dealers are up consistent, mostly consistent with the DIY market. So again, we'd like to see more competitive information before we comment. But we feel we're holding our own in this market. We feel right performing in Mexico, depending on – in Europe, depending on the country. Again, the DIY market is just outperforming and we're well favored right now.
Vincent Morales: Just from a channel perspective, Kevin, same phenomenon we're seeing here. DIY is very strong both in the UK and on the continent. Trade is feeling the same effect of it this year.
Vincent Morales: Yes. I would just add. One, we were comfortable with is, in certain regions, our protective business due to our technologies, again, it's come into favor as customers are looking for functionality in these times. And I think also in some of our general industrial businesses where we're working with our customers to startup, we're typically one of the favorite coatings companies to help customers startup and have that secure launch process. But again, it is very difficult Kevin, until we see a bigger array of results and really over a couple of quarters.
Vincent Morales: Yes. Arun, as we mentioned earlier, we have a wide range for Q3. It's really based on the uncertainty around the pandemic in some of our key regions. So we're hopeful to be at the low-end of that range if you will, but we maybe on the high-end of 14%, 15% if the pandemic continues to worsen in certain parts of the world. So that's really what we're looking at. It's still very difficult to predict on a month by – certainly, week-by-week, but on a month-by-month basis. What our customers are going to do? What customers can actually run? We're seeing spots shutdowns from customers due to COVID, we're seeing spot shutdowns from customers due to parts issues. So that's why there's a wide range there and expect some volatility throughout the quarter.
Vincent Morales: Yes. Certainly for the near-term, we're carrying excess cash. Again, our side lines are limited in terms of how this is going to affect us. We're not health experts. We're hearing there may certainly be a flare-up in some of the key countries in the fall. So we're going to be conservative. As Michael alluded to, our acquisition pipeline is refilling. Those are bolt-on in nature. We maybe able to execute on some of those, whether we can close or not this year, I agree with Michael probably be difficult given we're months out before the end of the year. But we'll certainly manage our acquisitions and our cash around that. We do have the capability to pay down some debt. If the sky is clear here, we have our short-term facility that it's free to prepay, so all those are variables. We really just need more visibility on the economy before we start to make some key decisions. We don't want to grow cash. As you mentioned, we will look for earnings accretion opportunities, whether it be acquisitions or other, but we just need more visibility before we start to pull triggers on some of those.
Vincent Morales: Yes, Stephen. We said for multiple years, the shift between DIY and do-it-for-me is highly correlated to the unemployment rate. So certainly last five years, as the unemployment rate has come down and you've seen more do-it-for-me, you've seen obviously a spike in the unemployment rate during these times, you've seen abrupt shift back the other way. And again, I would just look at that unemployment rate on a go-forward basis to determine how these channels will react. It acted the same in 2008, 2009, and it's recurring now. So that's the key. We still think long-term do-it-for-me is going to continue to grow. But certainly for the foreseeable future with unemployment high, do-it-yourself market will remain robust.
Vincent Morales: So it's different by market – it's different by regions Duffy first of all, that we we'll stick to the U.S. market for clarity. Typically trades 55% to 60% on a gallons basis of the market. It's less – it’s 50/50 on a dollar basis. For PPG, we're close to that mix. We are seeing obviously double-digit growth in DIY. We've seen a decrement in our trade business. Part of that is due to the stores just being shutdown in certain parts of the country. Again because of double-digit growth in DIY in Q2, that's been beneficial for that part of the business. But trade business is higher fixed cost. We have stores, we have leases. So volume there when it comes back typically carries a nice incremental. We don't give out profitability by channel, so we're not going to go there. But again, as long as we're producing positive volumes in architectural business and as Michael alluded to, we had very strong financial performance in all regions, certainly in the U.S., it's beneficial to us and our shareholders.
Vincent Morales: And Duffy, if I could add to that. As we alluded to earlier, we do see this digitization especially in the architectural space, we see some paradigms being broken now that makes the entire supply chain more efficient. We see behavior – typically in a crisis, you see behavioral changes, which is where we're evidencing. People are just more willing to adopt to delivery, more willing to adopt digital. Again we've been talking about this for certainly more than six months, and we're seeing a structural modification of behavior in that channel, not only in the U.S., but we're seeing in Europe, we're seeing in Australia. So I do think that will be something we're going to measure and monitor and try to continue to promote.
Vincent Morales: Yes. Jim, if you just look at our volumes in the quarter. We came in, obviously, the quarter with seasonally high inventories. We worked through that more quickly in performance given the volume trends there versus industrial, where we were down 30%, 40% in some businesses. We're eating into that industrial inventory now. So – and then we're also – to Michael's earlier point, we're a seasonal business. So we're going to be very mindful of what inventory we build or what raw materials we buy as we get further in the year here. We want to obviously manage our inventories down seasonally toward the end of the year. Typically, where we're ratcheting down are coatings manufacturing production beginning of this month and carrying through the summer and trying to obviously work our inventory down in Q4. So very mindful of that, but I think your assumptions are accurate.
Vincent Morales: Laurence, this is Vince. I'll take the first one and Michael will take the second one here. So yes, we have $170 million of interim cost savings in the quarter. So we've actually gross higher, but we had lower manufacturing throughput that took away from some of that. That will come back in a more – as we alluded to earlier, I think that will come back in a more lumpy fashion in Q3, some of these costs are semi-variable as we start up plants. We do have to bring back certain cost pools in their entirety, so would not be linear with volume and we're obviously working aggressively to manage those costs, not only in Q3, but on a go-forward basis. So it would be – it wouldn't be completely ratable with volume and it will be lumpier around how we're bringing our operations back.
