Vince Morales: Yes Mike, this is Vince. Good morning. Hope you're doing well. We'll give some more information on these acquisitions as they close similar to what we do with Ennis-Flint. We got to get them through closing. We have to -- we will give you some annualized as well as specific 2021 numbers. All of them have a different seasonality profile. So again, it would be hard to give you a specific number as it relates to 2021. As I think it's well chronicled, most coatings acquisitions have kind of mid-single-digit synergies as a starting target. Some have more, some have less depending upon their overlap, geographic overlap, product overlap. So again, as we close them, be rest assured it will provide more detail individually per acquisition.
Vince Morales: Yes, Frank, this is Vince. It really relates to the weightings of the businesses that are in there. The two most impacted businesses, as Michael referenced in the opening comments that we're seeing from a volume perspective are aerospace and refinish. Those are typically our most stable businesses throughout the year quarter-to-quarter. Their demand trends don't significantly change by quarter. The other businesses and performance coatings such as architecture are very seasonal. So while we were down 30% in aerospace in Q3, and a similar amount in Q4, same with refinish, they're waiting in queue -- traditional Q4 is much higher. So, in 2019, it would have been much higher, 2018 would have been much higher as a percent of the total segment. So even though we had good architectural demand and sales in Q4, the fact that that weighting of aerospace and refinish is a heavier Q4 had a bigger impact on the Q4 margins.
Vince Morales: And P.J., for Europe, specifically, the professional painters, Michael alluded to, doesn't have as much commercial exposure as they do in the U.S. So they are working on residential and some repaint activities. We're seeing the same in the U.S., but there's a commercial downdraft that weakens the comparables, Europe versus the U.S.
Vince Morales: Yes. Thanks for asking the question P.J. I'll let Michael answer the growth question. But, again, let's frame Ennis-Flint. I think $600 million in annual sales is a good target. It is a very seasonal business, as you can imagine. It's predominantly U.S., Canada. So, we are -- we do serve parts of the U.S that have certainly a winter effect. So we typically see the majority of profitability in Q2 and Q3, given the seasonal nature -- the nature of the business. And Michael, maybe you can.
Vince Morales: Yes, David. This is Vince. Hope you are doing well. I think the typical seasonality due to the pandemic is very hard to match prior years. We had a strong push from -- activity from Q3 into Q4. As Mike alluded to architectural had a high -- higher seasonal sales in Q4 than we would traditionally see in Q1. We do see some concern about availability of customer production lines. So we do feel some of the activity will flip from Q1 into Q2. Just to give you a point of reference, David, you typically see about a million car drop off in global auto production from Q4 to Q1. We're expecting 2 million cars globally, excluding Japan, 2 million cars globally drop off from Q4 to Q1. And that same type of pattern exists in some industrial businesses. So I think it's difficult from a seasonality perspective to compare historically due to just shifting around associated with the pandemic.
Vince Morales: Yes, the first quarter last year didn't have had virtually no impact from aerospace, in terms of volume decline, and refinish was fairly strong until the tail end of March. And those two businesses, as Michael said, in the opening commentary, are heavily impacted in Q4, and we expect consistent patterns in Q1. So those two businesses are big businesses and that [technical difficulty].
Vince Morales: Yes, Jeff, this is Vince, again. We have the traditional targets established that we would in any given year for management compensation, and also salesperson compensation. Obviously, 2020 was very fluid. 2021, we think will be very fluid. Similar to every other company, our comp committee or Board will look at the fluidness and react accordingly based on their judgment. But we do certainly have internal targets established today for 2021.
Vince Morales: Yes, Jeff, I'll add that we are seeing this low single-digit inflation coming into the year. Some of our suppliers are dealing with some of the same issues that our customers are, which we feel some of that's transitory they're having workforce restraint due to the pandemic. So we think as the year progresses, some of these limiting items will fall by the wayside. We know there's good supply out there in most of these markets. And as Michael just alluded to the supply-demand characteristics of our supplier base, at some point will be the predominant factor of pricing.
Vince Morales: Yes, Chris, and if you go over to the Industrial segment, we know the car inventories in the U.S. are at very low levels relative to historic terms. Many of our industrial customers were running hand to mouth with backlogs to their customers. And if you look at our balance sheet as a microcosm, our inventory levels are very low and we do have certain stock outs just because we can't get product in certain places. Again, all pandemic-related. So we do expect there to be a restock across a variety of industries as we progress through 2021. That was another example. Most of our customers had a very strong year last year in 2020, as did we. But again, it depleted inventory that would traditionally be on the shelf.
Vince Morales: Yes. Total PPG -- for total PPG on a 2-year comp basis, sales volumes will be down low to mid-single digits still with the guide we gave. Now there is other positives such as acquisition, currency is favorable. As Michael alluded to, we had 15 straight quarters of pricing, but sales volumes on a 2-year stacked basis will be down low to mid-single digits.
Vince Morales: The one constant, Vincent, is there is demand out there. There is very strong demand in the U.S., a good demand in Europe. The China numbers I think came out today and car sales are up over 20% for January year-to-date. So we know there's good end market demand out there for automotive.
Vince Morales: And Vincent, if you could just expand out some of the other metrics we watch. We do see online inquiries for airline travel, online inquiries for airline travel are up significantly versus a very depressed level. In Q3 and Q4 they were up. They continue to trend upwards. We did see around the holiday periods, both in the U.S. and Europe, sizable step change in travel, whether that was wise or not is debatable. But we do know there is demand out there for folks who want to travel, and we are welcoming obviously the positive impact from a vaccination.
Vince Morales: Yes, Arun, let me just add. I think as you've heard us talk throughout all of 2020, due to our discretionary cost management and due to our structural cost improvements that we've made the past several years, we expected very strong leverage on any volume improvement. I think that you witnessed that in Q4 in the Industrial segment. Volumes were up mid-single digits and you saw the impact it had on the bottom line. So as this volume -- as the pandemic volume recovery occurs throughout, we hope the balance of 2021, you should expect very strong leverage in both segments.
Vince Morales: If you look and I think we’ve put something out a couple of years ago with regards to our acquisition record and the returns around that, I think we had a dozen or so recent examples. I think it was May of 2019 we put that or 2018. What you'll find is the return on capital for not only PPG, but the coatings industry. And the IRR for these transactions is typically well in excess of our cost of capital and certainly in excess of a share repurchase. And it's really driven by the fact that these are typically very highly synergistic transactions. A lot of those synergies come with no cash out the door on behalf of the buyer. So you get a very good return. And these are typically low risk because we're typically not acquiring a lot of assets. As you're well aware, Arun, the coatings industry is asset-light. So we're typically acquiring very few assets with a lot of synergy potential. And we at PPG have been very good at extracting those synergies very early. And we've done 50 or 60 acquisitions the past 10 years. And those acquisition timelines are typically less than 24 months. We are able to extract all of those synergies, again very, very -- with very few cash out the door. So those dynamics typically lend themselves to a higher return profile in our space, in the coating space, for acquisitions versus share repo.
Vince Morales: Yes, Kevin, I'll add one positive trend. In the U.S., the de-urbanization that's taking place moving from smaller square footage into a single-family home, typically favors repaint, residential paint, repaint and typically favors a more robust painting cycle with more velocity.
Vince Morales: Just one other I'll add as well, Kevin. If you look at some of our acquisitions in the past couple of years, we did the Hemmelrath acquisition, we've got Worwag acquisition pending. We've solidified many of these customer relationships on ancillary products as well. So that’s been our strategy to expand our technical breadth with customers. The value-add to those customers. And as Michael mentioned, that’s coming through in spades especially in times like this where they need velocity through their plants.
Vince Morales: Yes. Mike, that is a great question. It's something we know at some point could be a governor of what we do. But given the diversity of these acquisitions, we are not at all challenged at this point with bandwidth.
Vince Morales: Yes, Mike, I think this issue is well-known in the industry, not only in automotive, but several industrial markets. Anything that requires a chip, like refrigerators, washing machines and it's intermittent now. There is production lines that are up and down based on availability. It's too hard for us being passive to that supply base to understand the depths or when it may resolve itself. We know it's extremely tight. We do see customers taking down lines, one or two or three days just because they don't have availability. There is reportedly more supply coming or more ability to supply come, but we don't know how prolong this will be. It's not -- it's still in the single digits in terms of its impact on most of these markets, single-digit percentages that can grow or shrink. But at this point, it's a developing story.
Vince Morales: … as we talked over the years, the coatings models are variable cost model. So even though volumes are down, we are able to ratchet down a variety of cost factors, that's been proven once again in 2020, especially in Q2 and Q3. So we could ratchet down variable cost. And then we’ve maintained some of that, as Michael alluded to in the opening comments, carrying into 2021 that we hope to make permanent.
Vince Morales: Yes, I think our history has been well chronicled here as well, Dan. Look, we want to be a strong investment-grade company. There are times where we lever up to do a transaction or set of transactions. Our intention would be, as Michael said in the opening comments, to immediately ratchet that back down to poise ourselves for the next acquisition. Given the different sizes and natures of these deals, it's hard to pinpoint a specific number, but again, strong investment grade is where we like to live.
Michael McGarry: Well, I'm not going to go into the orange and brown, Michael, but what I will tell you is we -- sub segment, our business here in the U.S is into maintenance, commercial, residential, DIY, et cetera. And if you look at that momentum by each of those segments, every one of them was significantly more positive in 4Q than 3Q. And each one of them are anticipating being more positive in 1Q versus 4Q. So from that standpoint, we're excited, obviously, permitting for new homes. Construction is not going quite as fast as they wanted challenges on the multifamily side as well. So most of our large painters are feeling very comfortable coming into 2021. And then when we flip over into Europe, without a doubt, we're still having very strong. You saw we had double-digit growth in the fourth quarter through the first 21 days of January. It's a continuation of that trend as well. And then when you flip down into Mexico, we had an exceptionally strong quarter. The economy in Mexico, GDP is minus 7% and 8%, and yet we performed at plus 10%. And we see that same momentum carrying into January, the sell out from our concessionaires is strong. Their liquidity is very good and so I'm very positive about what we're seeing in our global architectural business.
Michael McGarry: Well, Ghansham, as you know, historically, there's always a 3 to 6-month lag in pricing and raw materials, because we can't raise price until our customers can see it. And it's, as you know, more challenging on the industrial side than the performance side. And so, raw materials were higher, especially when you think about China, that's a much more spot kind of purchasing environment over there, because that's their tradition. So we saw we have already announced price increases in Europe. We've started to announce price increases in other regions in the world. We are well ahead of 2017. If you remember 2017, some of our peers were distracted because of either acquisitions or fears. And so, we were -- we are well ahead of that. And so, I'm very comfortable that you're going to continue to see price -- positive price. We've had 15 quarters in a row of positive price, you're going to see the 16th quarter of positive price for the company in Q1. And so, I'm not worried about the low-single-digit inflation that we're anticipating.
Michael McGarry: Yes, the two biggest businesses, Ghansham, that are impacted right now are automotive and industrial. We finished with backlogs in those businesses by the end of the December. We're still running backlogs in those businesses. Demand is very strong, but it is very choppy. A number of our customers are having significant issues with labor because of the COVID pandemic. In fact, we got an emergency call a couple days ago from one of our large automotive customers that their whole paint shop was shutdown because of COVID and could we bring our people in to run it in the interim. So, we, of course, supported them on that. There's the semiconductor issue that's out there in the automotive space, they all want to run. So many of our customers ran over Christmas, which was quite unusual. So demand is there and inventories in many of these spaces are quite low. Whether you're thinking about appliances or coil or automotive, there's low inventories. So we feel very comfortable. But unfortunately, we can't predict with labor when people are going to be having full labor contingent to be able to run their plants. 
Michael McGarry: Well, Frank, I think you've heard me say this in the fourth quarter back in October, I'll say the same thing now, it’s January. I'll be exceptionally disappointed if we buy back any shares in 2021. Our acquisition pipeline remains robust and remains active and we continue to work in this area. And so I'm feeling confident that we will have further announcements in the back half of the year.
Michael McGarry: Yes. Well, I think it certainly make it easier. I don't know about quicker. The benefit we have right now in these industrial businesses is that customers are backlogged. They're asking for products. They're calling on a daily basis, wondering where their orders are in the queue. So that's one thing. The second thing is they are so desperate for technical help. The last thing they're going to be doing is asking for any price downs, and so they fully recognize that this is a different environment. And so, our salespeople are never happy when we are pushing them out there, tell them they got to go get bright. But in this case, they have a lot more ammunition to go get price. And I feel comfortable that the industry sees the same thing that we're seeing.
Michael McGarry: Well, Bob, I would first start with the fact that the car park continues to grow. It grows marginally in the U.S and Europe, but it grows in Eastern Europe, it grows in China. I mean, think about 25 million new cars every year in China and the slow scrappage rate right now in China. Same thing in Eastern -- excuse me, Southeast Asia and India. So the car park is continuing to grow. And as you know, any kind of autonomous, a lot of these safety features, they're mostly in the developed countries, those things are too expensive to put on cars, and a lot of these other countries. So we don't have to worry about that as much. The other thing I would tell you is that in the fourth quarter, we -- every time we saw, the economy loosen up and work-from-home restrictions loosen, we saw especially in Europe, congestion come up rather quickly, because as you know, the houses are much smaller in Europe than people, it's much more difficult to work-from-home there. So congestion rebounded very quickly. Our refinish in the fourth quarter was minus, let's call it minus 10-ish, but claims were down minus 20. So we've made some significant improvements in that business because of the pandemic. And so I think you should feel -- your clients should feel comfortable that we have this well in hand.
Michael McGarry: Well, there is certainly some significant DIY improvement in Europe. But there was also a significant return to our professional network as well. And we have a very strong position as you know in Europe. Number one in a lot of countries, and so we've benefited from that strength. And the improvement in DIY, I think, is sustainable. There's a whole lot of new DIY-ers that weren't there, 2 and 3 and 5 years ago. So I think this is a start of something that's good. And the comps do get tougher, but I would say the comps in Europe do not get tougher until the third and fourth quarter. So the second quarter, as you know, had very significant lockdowns in Europe. And so, Q1, Q2 will still have very positive numbers going into the back half of the year.
Michael McGarry: Yes. P.J, what I would tell you is, the two secular trends that we're paying close attention to is one, the -- some of the states are looking to make the stripes wider. So from foreign stripes, a 6-inch stripe. And the other thing they're doing is they're reducing the distance between the stripes. So that's one. Plus, the other thing that's interesting to this is that they have a number of pre-formed products. And I think, in thermoplastic products as well, and I think with our network, we're going to be able to help them get better distribution of that products. So we're excited about this. But I would anticipate this is not going to be a straight up kind of growth. It's going to be a continuation of a continuous growth [technical difficulty].
Michael McGarry: Well, it definitely will not be a material cost increases. You may have heard making traffic paying is not as sophisticated making our industrial paints. And as you know, in Mexico and Europe, we have a number of plants. So it will not be a cost issue. It will be a focus and distribution issue, making sure we get ourselves aligned with the winners in the contracting space that consistently win government bids and municipality bids and things like that. So that's where our focus will be. So Mexico will be a start because of our strong base with our PPG-Comex. Team. And then we'll look at it on a country-by-country basis in Europe, and do it in a very methodical and disciplined manner.
Michael McGarry: Yes, I'm happy to and John can chime in as well. So, if you think about the first one, Ennis-Flint, this is going to help the autonomous driving help the mobility. So as I mentioned in my opening remarks, PPG is far ahead of everybody in this space. So that would be the first one. The second one would be VersaFlex. I would tell you that with VersaFlex, the polyurea technology, if you think about flooring systems, food plants, what you want to do is ensure the cleanest environments that you can and reduce the potential for illnesses in those environments. And that's another ESG benefit. Worwag, I would say the number one thing with Worwag is they have some really nifty technology in the area of automotive parts water-based. And so as you know, we've been trying to push the industry to move much faster away from solvent to water. That's one plus. We anticipate with a full suite of products, we'll get more people switching to powder, which as you know, it has 100% transfer efficiency. And then I think our remarks on Tikkurila are quite clear. Not only will we bring our technology to that space to continue to drive more bio base, more sustainable raw materials, but also will be more water-based solutions, especially when I think about what they have in Russia and other Eastern European countries.
Michael McGarry: Yes. So, obviously, we don't buy propylene itself. We buy propylene derivatives, and the way the propylene derivatives work it's also driven by supply and demand of the underlying derivative plus the raw material input. So that would not hit us right away. So that would be the first comment. The second comment is, we have anticipated raw material inflation into 2021. So we were readjusting in a lot of our formula and buying strategies in 2020 to anticipate higher increases and try to position ourselves that minimize the impact of those kind of fluctuations.
Michael McGarry: Yes, Chris, this is Michael. I would tell you that the PPG weigh as we do better today than yesterday, every day. And that's how we are managing our -- that's historically been a continuous improvement mentality that we have for the company. And so that's why we said in the first quarter, we would still have cost initiatives, even though volumes continuing to go up. We are holding our teams accountable continue to drive productivity. We know that there is going to be continued cost savings from a, let's call it, travel. That will be one. How we manage internally. Technical services that we are providing to some of our customers, we are going to be providing that electronically. We have more digital initiatives. So I think there is -- when I think about long-term, I think it's going to be less expensive for us to make paint long-term than it is today. And we have more productivity initiatives underway.
Michael McGarry: Yes. The two biggest ones that we will have to restock; the first one is refinish. So they're all running with an exceptionally low inventories. They don't want to get caught with work-from-home and extended work-from-home period where they can't move product. So that's the first one. But more importantly, aerospace. We see our orders dropping. I mean, I won't get into the various sub-segments how much we break it down into sub-segments, but I had one in the fourth quarter that we only got 6% of our normal orders in the fourth quarter. Now clearly the industry is running much higher than that. So continue to destock at a significant rate. That's going to have to build up. So we're thinking about how do we ensure that we're ready for that restock that will be coming in aerospace and that will be significant. And I'm thinking that people are going to start doing that probably starting in the back half of Q2 and then it will start to accelerate. You probably saw the announcement from Airbus today that they’re increasing their build rate for the A320. That's the first sign. And there will be other signs I think you should anticipate because obviously we're talking to our customers, so we have information that they haven't made public, but that's the first one.
Michael McGarry: And maybe to put that in perspective, Chris, we ran our stain plant in December. I can never remember in my history of us running a stain plant in December.
Michael McGarry: Yes. I mean, we break down our procurement into about 10 different categories. And in 4Q, I would say that the vast majority of them were slightly negative or flat. When we look at 1Q, we are going to see probably half of them have marginally higher, so inflation. But we are not seeing some significant step up that we are not prepared for. So sequentially, isocyanates are up, epoxies are up, packaging is up, of course solvents are all up. But we are not nervous about this, I guess is what I'm trying to tell you because we anticipated this going into the year and we tried to have our procurement strategy in a manner that we would be able to take advantage of what we had in 2020 and try to carry that forward into 2021.
Michael McGarry: Vincent, this is Michael. I would say the biggest unknown in that is what have the auto guys decided to do with their own dealers. As you know, dealer inventory is very low. Dealers are happy right now because you come into an auto facility and you don't have a lot of choice and you have to buy what's on the lot. They're making money on new cars, which is historically something they don't do. So I think the great unknown is due to car companies starting back half of 2Q and 3Q, do they try to rebuild inventories back to the old levels on the dealer lots or do they keep doing what they're doing now. So I think that's a big unknown. So we are anticipating catching up. But there is still more latency there if they decide to go back to the old inventory levels they used to have.
Michael McGarry: Yes, Vincent, what I would tell you, the first thing to remember it's a two-stage recovery. So domestic flights are up 90%, but international flights are down 85%. So they're not flying outside of China. So -- and they're really limiting anybody flying in. So that's the biggest challenge right now. So I'd say the number one factor to look for in the recovery is the vaccine distribution and people opening up their borders. So I would pay real close attention to those. Right now their demand on domestic side, they are buying product and they are happy and their inventory levels are, I would call, normal.
Michael McGarry: I would say that my answer to that, as always, we have never caught up. We always have a higher expectation in that area. And so we have more work to do. The good news is, demand is strong and people can see raw materials are coming up. So we should be able to get ahead of the curve on this one. As far as performance, we -- as you know, we’ve already announced price increases in architectural, we’ve announced price increases in refinish and we have advantaged technologies in aerospace so that whenever demand comes back, it will be a positive for us. So I think we are feeling pretty good in this area.
Michael McGarry: Well, Kevin, I would say that DIY in the U.S. will continue to grow. What I'm most excited about is the fact that we have a new generation of DIY-ers that we didn't have. We always kind of bemoan that in the past because people our age seem to let their kids get by without painting every summer. So now they are out there painting their own homes as they work-from-home. So that's a positive. The housing stock will continue to grow. That will be a positive. So I think that's all-important trends that you should be paying attention to in Europe. I think we went through a long period of time where there wasn't as much repair and remodel inside homes that historically has happened in the U.S. that now that people were at home and looking at those same four walls all the time has manifested itself in some very significant numbers. So I think this is going to last longer than a lot of people think. Obviously, we will wait and see. But I know Q1, Q2 will all be positive comps. And let's wait and see how we trend into Q3, Q4, but I think long-term, these are positive trends for the DIY industry.
Michael McGarry: Well, the first one that we have is better technology. So we are winning -- so if you look at our new wins year-over-year, our net new wins, that has been a very positive number for us. The second one has been because of the pandemic, now the value of our tech service team is being paid out in space. I mean, people are just saying, wow, this is really important, I need you guys in here. And so we are getting that discretionary piece of business. And the third one is, we are very, very early stages, but we are starting to see the mobility wins start to pick up. And that’s long-term where I think we are going to divorce ourselves when the build rates is -- because we are going to continue to win in this space.
Michael McGarry: Mike, let me just tell you that about 2 or 3 years ago, we had six going at once, and it was not even a blip on the radar. We have done 50 acquisitions in the last 10 years. We have so many people in PPG that clamor to be the integration director. It's a highly prized job in the company. We have a well-worn playbook, dog-eared pages left and right, and this is something we do. And if you think about what we’ve going on right now with these acquisitions, PMC is a VersaFlex, you got Tikkurila will be in architectural, you have Worwag, which will be in automotive. I mean, so they're in different businesses. So I'm not worried about -- Ennis-Flint is a completely new business. So for us, this is not a challenge yet. So, I'm very comfortable in this space.
Michael McGarry: Mike, what I would add to that is, they're missing chips on Thursday, Friday and they get them on Saturday, they're running Saturday, Sunday. They're making up any day that they can. So they're running hand to mouth is basically what it is.
Michael McGarry: Well, let me first start with the -- I think you might have exceeded our two-question limit. The returns in acquisitions are really unique to that acquisition. And who you compete with is really unique in that space as well. So there is no right or wrong answer. You know the general theme is that for -- the higher the risk, the higher the return needs to be. And so -- and the more unknowns, the higher the returns need to be to cover that. So I would say it's just varies considerably and there is no right or wrong answer except we know that discipline is always the right answer. From a performance standpoint, I do think we have lower structural costs going forward. And I do think, like Vince mentioned earlier, the ability to this additional volume when it comes in really leverages itself to a nice return on the bottom line, and I think that's going to continue.
