Vince Morales: Thank you, Jenada, and good afternoon everybody. Again, this is Vince Morales, Vice President of Investor Relations for PPG industries. We appreciate your interest and welcome you to teleconference to review our third quarter 2014 financial results. Joining me on the call today from PPG is Chuck Bunch, PPG Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Michael McGarry, Chief Operating Officer and Frank Sklarsky, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our comments relate to the financial information released on Thursday, October 16, 2014. I will remind everyone that we posted commentary and accompanying presentation slides on our Investor Center at ppg.com. These slides are also available on the webcast site for this call and provide additional support to the opening remarks Chuck will make shortly. Following Chuck's perspective on the company's results for the quarter we will move directly to a Q&A session. Both the prepared commentary and discussion during this call may contain forward-looking statements reflecting the company's current view of future events and their potential effect on PPG's operating and financial performance. These statements involve uncertainties and risks which may cause actual results to differ. The company is under no obligation to provide subsequent updates to these forward-looking statements. This presentation also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The company has provided in the appendix of the presentation materials, which again are available on the website, reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. For additional information please refer to our filings with the SEC. Now let me introduce PPG Chairman and CEO, Chuck Bunch.
Vince Morales: Eugene, this is Vince. It will still be a slight negative, but the first quarter last year saw a significant increase in natural gas costs in the first quarter of ‘14. So if prices stay where they are today it would be a tailwind in the first quarter of 2015.
Vince Morales: I just want to again thank everybody for their time and participation today. If there are any further questions please contact me in the Investor Relations function. Thank you.
Chuck Bunch: I would say overall historically on our organic raw material purchases, when you see it at -- let's call it these wellhead prices you’re going to typically wait at least a quarter or two to see that begin to appear in some of the downstream products. So it would not be immediate benefit other than in -- we hope to see it a little more quickly in our transportation and distribution costs which have been one of the sources of this low single-digit inflation rate that we’ve been experiencing over the course of the last year or so.
Chuck Bunch: Well, I would say that we’re saying low single-digit inflation rates led by wages and benefits followed by distribution and transportation cost that I referred to. We've seen I would say also very modest raw material increases, but these were in some of our organic raw material chains on propylene and ethylene side balanced off by some of what I would say benign raw material environments for our other key inputs.
Chuck Bunch: For Architectural Coatings on commercial construction typically is between 20% and 25% of the Architectural Coatings mix here in North America, some of that new construction, some of that repaint. So I would say that is the market that has been very quiet over the last few years even coming out of the recession and that’s where we are seeing some improvement both on the Architectural Coatings side as well as what we mentioned as the flat glass business where we’re starting -- where we have more exposure directly to that end use market. On the marine new build which is about 25% historically of our protective and marine coatings business unit. I would say that the improvement is early stages low single-digit improvement, but as we've been talking over the last almost now couple of years, that had a very sharp retrenchment. So it's good to see the improvement going in the right direction even if it's somewhat modest at this point.
Chuck Bunch: No, at this point we are not envisioning any repricing of the acquisition and their performance as we've monitored it since the time of the acquisition has continued to be quite strong.
Chuck Bunch: No. So first, if we just look at business activity kind of across the end use markets with our customers and again it's been more of a regional mix or a regional story. So the North American businesses have remained quite strong as we have been talking aerospace, automotive OEM, we are seeing construction activity that has been I think consistently growing, initially residential, now we’re seeing it also more broadly on the construction side. So I would say, so the key end-use markets here in North America continue to be strong, especially here in the U.S. What we have seen in the rest of the world is some moderation of some of the strongest growth trends. We had seen some modest improvement in Europe over the first couple of quarters. Those trends I would say have continued but probably at a slightly more modest level, although the third quarter for us was still consistent with what we had seen earlier in the year. Asia has been, especially China, a good story for us especially in these consumer businesses that -- where we look at the end use market growth in an automotive OEM, automotive refinish packaging. These have been solid growth stories in the Chinese market. We see some improvement starting in India. South America or Latin America for us, outside of that automotive OEM and industrial space not growing as much in terms of construction activity. So we’re still going through both in Latin America and in Europe some moderation on the construction side and some slightly weaker currencies in both of those markets.
Chuck Bunch: I think the operating margins were good. Typically in the third quarter you don't see as strong of margin or sales growth because of August being a slower month in Europe and those three months versus the second quarter in the architectural business is generally not quite as strong. But I would say otherwise we felt that it was a good performance in that group of businesses.
Chuck Bunch: We saw some of the data that came out in the third quarter. First two months of the quarter were quite strong and from a production or build standpoint which is where our sales are tied, we continued to see good growth. We feel have the momentum with some of the strongest performers in China in terms of automotive demand and at this point we’re seeing solid growth at the 5% to 7.5% kind of growth rates which were what we anticipated as we went into the year.
Chuck Bunch: That’s probably a little early to say, but I think right now we’re seeing very consistent flat pricing in some of those inorganic materials.
Chuck Bunch: Well, I would say, Kevin, first on the volume side we did have a little bit stronger first quarter this year and I think we talked about it early in our calls that we had very favorable weather. We had, we think, some things that probably pulled some of that business forward for us. In the first quarter I would say the Architectural Coatings businesses in the third quarter probably a little weaker in terms of overall end use markets and we mentioned a couple of the Southern European markets including France were a little weaker. But we still are finishing up I would say the restructuring actions and the costs that we have continued to pull out of that business. It has been a very benign market in terms of inflationary cost more so than what you have seen generally out of Europe in terms of inflation. So we think that there are still some things that we can continue to affect in Europe to continue to be more efficient, more productive. And so, I would say that even in this very low volume environment we’re expecting to continue to drive more productivity and cost actions.
Chuck Bunch: We would anticipate, Kevin that we are going to be buying at a higher level here in the fourth quarter. During the second and third quarters we sat out a little bit of those periods from share buyback activities because we were waiting on to see if the transactions would develop or were out of the market. So I would say that we’re going to be continuing share buyback activities in the fourth quarter at a higher level. And we're obviously aware of the lower equity values for us and the market in general. So that could provide an additional opportunity to be a little more aggressive on share buybacks.
Chuck Bunch: I would say, as I think I described our third quarter activity as September was consistent with normal seasonal trends coming off a slightly weaker August but a slightly stronger July here in the early part of October. I would consider the trends to be normal in our European operations.
Chuck Bunch: Well, I would say the new build activity which was again about 25% of our protective and marine business unit which let's call it rounding a $1 billion business. And we were down over 30% in that market and as I mentioned this is just the beginning of what we think will be a modest but longer term recovery. So, we are up in the third quarter low single-digits in terms of recovery. But it is a positive sign, we feel, that the market has hit bottom and is coming back.
Chuck Bunch: I think if you look at the longer term trends and you are talking over the next -- this has been probably a trend that's -- the decline has been probably over three years. So if you look at a longer three to four year period I think we can get back to those kinds of production levels but over that kind of timeframe.
Chuck Bunch: Yes. Well I would say is I commented earlier, although almost all of the acquisition, the modest acquisition activity that we have had this year, almost all of that has been here in North America and that is similar again to the target market for Comex. We see good discussions going on around the world probably now more balanced in the emerging region. So again discussions both in Asia, Latin America and Europe where maybe the levels of confidence over the last few years not quite as strong and this could provide us some opportunities going forward to make some key acquisitions over the next year or so.
Chuck Bunch: I think if you look at production levels now both at Airbus and Boeing and the backlogs that we see, I think you’re going to see a maintenance of this continued trend that we have seen in commercial aviation, some improvement we hope in on the defense or military side of this. Airline profitability had to also been improving, so we were expecting and are hoping to see more improvement on what I would call that commercial aviation aftermarket. So in general I think the trends are positive and growing, although commercial aviation build rates I think are at a very good level now and will probably get slightly better from here, but I don't see a major step change now with the build rates that they have.
Chuck Bunch: I would say it's both market driven and positioning of our business. So we’re very committed to the packaging coatings market, it’s been one of our best markets. We are going to be aggressive in this business to make sure that the new technologies that are coming in with the BPA free coatings, that we have we think an excellent opportunity to grow our position in the market. And so, we are taking the view that our participation and growth in packaging coatings albeit a mature market overall other than in the emerging regions is going to improve and increase as we go forward.
Chuck Bunch: We still feel that we have very good momentum in the business both -- at all layers and in all regions, but especially where we have seen a lot of new automotive assembly operations. We are still very optimistic on the Chinese automotive market. We think we are still in the middle stages of very good growth in that market and we’re seeing our water-based technologies, our compact processes that eliminate one of the primer coating layers, our electro-deposition primers that are world class and new over the last two years in terms of corrosion protection and efficiency for the automotive manufacturers. We see these trends continuing, so we feel good about our position and the opportunities to continue to grow nicely in our business on the backs of these technological innovations.
Chuck Bunch: Well, you know I think that commercial construction has been probably lagging for now I would say 5 or 6 years here in North America. And if you look at the architectural billing indexes, many of the commercial construction indicators are beginning to turn around, we have discussed kind of the order book and backlog for our flat glass business which is one of the best indicators out there and our improving activity levels in Architectural Coatings. So at this point here in the U.S. market I think the trends are there. Can things occur that derail it? Possibly. Interest rates are at this point still quite benign here in this market. Employment levels, another important indicator, they are up here in the U.S. So I think the commercial construction market here looks solid. And in some of the other regions we haven't seen as much of a lag and we’re not expecting as much of a push now in markets like Europe or China from commercial construction, although we think the markets are -- have at this point normal activity levels, but we’re seeing the opportunity for improvement here in the U.S. market. 
Chuck Bunch: Well we haven't really put a timetable on it. As we have stated in the past on many of our non-coatings businesses, we would be open to discussions or transactions that create value for our shareholders but we do not have any discussions going at this point on those businesses.
Chuck Bunch: Well, we have a fairly broad industry representation. We serve almost all of the global OEMs. We have done quite well in China which is one market where you see a lot of domestic manufacturers, we have done well there and we have seen in some of the markets where we have been well-positioned in markets like North America where you see the truck and SUV markets have been probably the strongest segments. So that has helped us. We also have good participation with the Japanese OEMs outside of Japan and especially here in North America and Europe. And as you see the migration of those Japanese auto builds from a domestic production in Japan exported to the rest of the world, they have put more of their production capacity outside of Japan and that has given us a good opportunity to increase our participation in those Japanese OEMs as they globalize their manufacturing footprint.
Chuck Bunch: I would say the industry competitive climate has always been -- I would say has always been there. It's been what I would call a high competitive intensity, fewer players but high competitive intensity. We see that continuing and if I look at growth rates and participation in markets in Asia, as an example, I see a continuation of those trends. Although here again we have been able to do well in these markets despite what I would call large global competitors and I expect that activity to continue, Jeff.
Chuck Bunch: Well, if you look at a couple of the macro events in the region and so for us our European business includes Eastern Europe and Russia, it includes the Middle East and Africa. And we think that there has been some moderation obviously of growth in -- our Eastern European business has continued to be good relative to the overall market. Russia has obviously weakened some. The Middle East is a difficult market right now. And in Africa, although it's a smaller part of that overall region for us both with port congestion, Ebola and other things, there are some macro or geopolitical trends right now in Europe that are going to moderate those growth rates. So we’re going to focus more on cost reduction productivity as we have and if we see things beginning to weaken, we will become more active on cost reduction. I think as we said, Europe for us in September and here in early October has been a -- what we would call normal or consistent trends. Certainly we weren't in a high growth rate in any of those markets with the exception of what we experienced I think in the first quarter of this year when we got a little bit of favorable weather that helped the architectural business. So we’re going to hunker down if we need to and work on costs here in Europe to keep this very good earnings trend going even if the growth rates continue to be as modest as they have been this year.
Chuck Bunch: We have a very good position with the multi-shop operators. Service King in particular now -- there is ownership changes I think in that market and with that customer with private equity. But overall PPG's position in North America with multi-shop operators is very strong. There has been consolidation but we have continued to benefit from the trends and it is a growing trend. We think over the next few years to see more consolidation as you move across the value or supply chain in refinish, but right now we feel we are well-positioned in this market to take advantage of any acceleration of the existing trends.
Chuck Bunch: Well, I would again mention that this is packaging coatings business, important market for us. It's one of our smallest business units, however and traditionally we have been less present on the inside of the can. And if you look overall at the market we’re -- this is probably around on the order of magnitude of less than $5 billion overall market and we think that if you look at the opportunity for us we can probably grow our position by double-digits over the next few years, especially with the introduction of new technologies with BPA free.
Chuck Bunch: Typically, there has been a lag in our industry both on the upside or the downside. But I would tell you oil at the wellhead price is not a direct raw material input for us. So I would tell you that it depends on what's happening downstream in the petrochemical change so that you can get a lower oil price, but it may take a while and then it depends on what is happening in some of our monomer or polymer costs to see when those oil wellhead prices really translate to either lower gasoline or lower propylene cost.
Chuck Bunch: Well active I would describe as; one there is probably more auction activity today. So if you look at kind of the larger space and I'm talking globally now, there is probably now several more auctions or properties that are actively being marketed for sale and they are also good. We always try to have a consistent dialogue with any coatings companies that may potentially now or in the future want to sell and I would say those discussions have been more active. But we’re also seeing auction activities that would demonstrate that the pipeline for us or the activity level in the coatings space is there.
Chuck Bunch: I would say you have seen some transactions announced over the last year. We have done a number of them, probably five or six here almost all in the U.S., smaller transactions. I would say that if the pace of activity continues you are going to see over the course of the next year or two probably similar levels of activity and some larger transactions. And I would say that if you described ours as bolt-ons, I would say that you are going to see some slightly bigger transactions even if they are not kind of megadeals. So I would be surprised if we didn't see more announced transactions both on the part of PPG or potentially others in the market over the next 12 to 18.
Chuck Bunch: I think that there are still some more levers to pull as we try to improve the overall performance of the assets and I think we indicated in the third quarter, although we had improving let's call it operating performance in the flat glass business. We still struggled on the fiberglass side with our operation, so there is certainly an opportunity there to improve the performance of that business which is about half of the overall glass business. And I think we have some opportunities more broadly to improve the performance and the asset base of those businesses over the next couple of years.
Michael McGarry: John, those legacy Akzo stores were minus low single-digits. We have started to put the PPG products into those stores so the momentum has turned around and we saw increased sales out of those stores each month in the quarter.
Michael McGarry: So the dealer network was down very slightly and that has historically been a contracting segment for us and so it is consistent with our expectations.
Michael McGarry: It's consistent with where we saw it in the second quarter, so it's low double-digits right now which is a significant improvement from this marginally negative number they had when we bought it.
Michael McGarry: In China in the third quarter we grew low double-digits. So it was a nice performing quarter for us there. Australia we grew mid upper-single-digits. So we had new product launches in Australia, did very well there. So both of those market segments not only grew and also had improving bottom line as well.
Michael McGarry: That is on the architectural side specifically. As far as Australia for our other businesses, they also had a very good quarter. It is growing and I would put it more in the low single-digits rates for those businesses and for our Chinese business, as you know, for our other ones it predominantly serves a local market. So it is a growing market. We had success in all our businesses.
Michael McGarry: We are starting that as well as the rebranding in the company owned stores. And we said in an earlier question that the independent dealer market was very modestly lower. So I think a minus 1 kind of number to think about. So it has helped, but we haven't rolled it out completely but it is in progress.
Michael McGarry: So the way that works is once a week they publish an agenda, so they will publish an agenda Friday, tomorrow for next week. All the questions have been asked and answered. We're obviously waiting on them to put it formally on the agenda. They have not asked any questions in the past 7 to 10 days. So we’re in a wait mode right now. We feel confident that given the fact that we have negligible presence in Mexico that they will look favorably upon this transaction.
Michael McGarry: We expect to see continued modest growth in our business in the fourth quarter. But remember, it's a seasonally weaker quarter to begin with as the paint season typically winds down.
