Michael McGarry: Ghansham, I think 2018 will be somewhat of a repeat of 2017, volumes modest up in the majority of the markets. So if you start with automotive, the biggest wild card there is China, but I think China is going to grow 2% to 3%, that'll take up the global market in that 1%, 2%. I think the U.S. will be the one market that will be under pressure. Industrial production should be relatively decent. Obviously, you're going to have heavy duty equipment improving at a faster rate. So that's always good for us. And then we're going to continue to have good adoption of our packaging business. So I think that's a real positive. I think from the refinish of steady eddy, you're going to have aerospace slightly up again the Boeing and Airbus have great backlogs, I just wished I would figure out how to make a few more planes each month. And then I would say architectural. We've been pleased with the pace in architectural. We see that growing 2% or 3% next year. So that's kind of a walk around the various businesses.
Michael McGarry: Well, I do think there is some structural piece of that, especially in China. If you've noticed in the last couple of months in China, they have been exceptionally focused on enforcing environmental rules, which is really positive, not just for the environment but also positive for us. With our water based technologies, that's a great place for us to be. And the fact that they're cracking down on dangerous goods warehouses, they're cracking down on plants that are in non-industrial parks, are not in chemical zones we think that's a positive for us. So there will be more upward raw material inflation in China. We've had a lot of force majeures in Europe. Europe has historically been a place that operates very well. So I don't think, I think that's a more of a transitory impact. I don't view that long-term. And obviously, the hurricanes in the U.S., this is the first major hurricane that hits the U.S. in 10 years. So I'm not a weather forecast, I'm not going to predict anything. But historically, I view that also as transitory. So the only real place I see structural is China.
Michael McGarry: Well, I would describe it this way Duffy. We would always expect and we currently have margins in Asia consistent with our margins in the rest of the world. And so, if we have additional raw material inflation in China, we would have to have additional raw material recovery in China. So, I would not expect the material impact. We would -- obviously, as you know, we lag getting price, but I would not expect that to be a long-term issue. So for us, I would focus more on the fact that if they continue to enforce the rules, there will be more water based products and that technology is with the limited subset of suppliers that will be good for us.
Michael McGarry: So the main drivers in refinish first and foremost is miles driven. So year-to-date miles driven are about up 1.5%. The next is collision or think about it as accidents. And higher employment leads to more miles driven leads to more congestion, more congestion leads to more accidents. And of course the real phenomena we see now is distracted driving. So this is a market that historically with flattish but we are doing well in this area. I would just say that given our strong technology base and our strong customer base, we’re probably nibbling and getting a little bit of share from everybody. But overall, I would say, it’s more driven by technology. Our water is the best in class.
Michael McGarry: No, I doubt. I would tell you, it’s still a highly fragmented market. I mean, if you grew out this MSO consolidation over 20-year period, you might could extract something. But there is so, I would say, it’s not material in any near-term pattern. So it’s not something we’re worried about. We have positive price in refinish this year, and we would expect that positive price in the business next year as well.
Michael McGarry: Yes, I would say the first one that was most unexpected was the emotions. So if you think about them has been a problem. Outside of the U.S., ethylene is down in the U.S. but everywhere else in the world, it’s up. I would say that was probably not on my radar screen, given the significant ethylene expansions in the U.S. Obviously, there is more coming-on. So hopefully, there will be some relief there. I would tell you, TiO2 is up more than we expected. I’ve cautioned some of the TiO2 suppliers, don’t forget 2011, where they -- there was demand destruction. So that has been my focus on that. The other thing that I would say is a little bit of surprise is packaging. So if you think about tin plate and steel, I think those things were probably a little bit higher than I would have expected. So we had low-single-digits in our plan and we’re in the solid mid-single-digits now. So those would be ones that I would focus on.
Michael McGarry: I’d say the big driver in the U. S. is two factors. One is unemployment, so you have low employment and so people would rather pay somebody to get it done. And the second one is baby boomers are getting older and the millennials aren’t paying as much as their parents. They are not a DIY group as much as anybody else. So I would say that’s the U. S. I think that’s going to continue. We see real strength. I mean even our October order book in architectural has been -- has started out real well. So I think that’s going to continue. I don’t see a change in the unemployment situation. So we’re all good there. I think the difference between Europe and the U. S. now is the U. S. is a very much a branded market and Europe has way too much private label. I think the European big boxes have really aired in the way they’ve gone to market. If you look at the average price of the paint in Europe versus the average price of the paint in the big boxes in U. S., it’s clear that the U. S. big boxes have a different strategy. They are executing it very well. In Europe, there’s not been a trend to branded. And that brings in significantly more competition. It also brings in, on a regional basis, a lot more folks. So I think that’s the big disconnect. I do think there are people out there still chasing volume. We’re not going to chase it at this point of cycle. We see people trying to trade down. We’ll let them trade down. We’re trying to recover margins and that’s been our focus. If you look back 2007, 2011, the last two raw material inflation cycles, we were first to get margins back. We think we’re going to be in that top quartile again. And we can’t control what other people -- how they make their own independent decisions on how to price.
Michael McGarry: Well, I think the broad comment is we have very sophisticated customers in automotive, as well in the large industrial segment. These guys not only are sophisticated, but they have set up what I would call choice in their distribution or paint networks. And that allows them to move people in and out in some small segments to allow them and put pressure on their suppliers. And what you need to do is have faith that your technology makes it difficult for them to do that. And I would say it takes us longer to get price in those segments. But we do recover it. We already have pricing in those segments today. It will start to pick up a little momentum in late in the fourth quarter, early in the first quarter. And I would tell you in the packaging area, probably the bigger driver on the pace of getting the packaging is that there was consolidation in the major packaging players. And so they were focused on trying to get their synergies. And so you have that trend going on at the same time as new technologies. So we were pushing the new technologies and there might have been some other folks that didn't have the new technology that we're trying to hang on to buy in using price, and that's probably the biggest differentiator in the packaging that's different than normal where historically in fact everybody was pushing the same technology. Now, you have some certain players that are very strong in the BPA nine and 10 and some of the others that maybe don't bring that same new technology to the table.
Michael McGarry: I hate to throw our friends under the bus, so I won't do that. I think everybody makes their own independent decisions. And in this regard, we are very much focused on delivering margin recovery, and it's margin first, volume second. We have some very good markets. We're growing share in the UK. We're hanging in there in the Benelux. French retail has been a very challenging environment. We're doing well in Scandinavia, growing share up there. I would say Eastern Europe is more of a free for all and we have been actively pushing price aggressively in our African stores and our African countries. And so it provides that mix-bag, if you will. But right now, bottom line is we yield a little bit of share in order to drive profitability. I regard these as transitory. If I look back in history, we've done this in the past and once this transitory period is over, we will not have lost any share in that regard. And good strong performing products always win in the marketplace long term, and we feel good with our product portfolio.
Michael McGarry: I think, Frank, if I look at history, we're probably first quarter second quarter next year. I'd like to say it's first quarter. But I don't want to set unrealistic expectations. The fact of the matter is this is top of mind. We have a very experienced coatings leadership team, deep experienced in this area. Many of our leaders have been around through multiple cycles. And I think that's what really allows me sleep well at night is the strong leadership of the Company. And I think that would be the focus area.
Michael McGarry: Well, it's certainly as you know the dealers, anytime they want to sale, they don't have a succession plan in place. So we were always the first choice and we're happy to do that. And we stay close to the big dealers. So we'll continue to look at that. We're not adverse spending in that area. We are adding stores in the U.S. as well. That's top of mind but we're also looking at not just in the U.S. I mean if you look in Canada, we're adding stores at a faster rate than anybody else in Canada. Of course, in Mexico, we added 53 stores alone in the third quarter in Mexico. We add stores in Europe as well. So it's not just the U.S. play for us. As far as the acquisition pipeline, the question you didn't ask that you wanted asked. Pipeline remains solid. We do continue to look at a lot of stuff. We continue to remain disciplined. So when we have something, we'll let you know. But we are actively engaged with a number of parties talking to them about what the next steps might be.
Michael McGarry: Well, everybody makes their own independent decisions. And I would tell you that we already have gained price increases in some parts of our industrial segment, and we expect to get further increases in Q1. And so from my standpoint, we have a lot of areas that are growing above the market, and we’re quite pleased with the pace of that. And I think that the price will come in that area. So I’m not worried about it. So I guess we’ll just continue to push the team to get the price up, and that’s what they’re working on.
Michael McGarry: No, we really target the whole thing I mean even things like anti-bacterial things. Our team was briefing us on, if you think about all the various things that go into paint, it’s very aspect of it has a material cost impact. Now, TiO2 is certainly at the top of the list, resins are at top of the list, some of the other pigments that are in there are all key. We are driving simplification in some of our raw materials, which allows us to bundle a larger spin and that helps us as well. So I would say we’re focused on several different levels, not just TiO2.
Michael McGarry: Well, first of all, I don’t think there will be any drag in the first quarter ’18, Kevin. So I think we can put that behind us. I would not anticipate it much in the fourth quarter this year, but the damage in Mexico and Puerto Rico, I mean, we went two weeks about a single store being opened in Puerto Rico. And even now we only have 50% of them open. So I think when you look at having to rebuild stores completely in Mexico, that’s going to have an impact, but not into the first quarter. So I would say as far as looking at 2018, as I said in my very first question from Duffy, I think automotive is -- we’re going to be down a little bit in the U. S., up a little bit in Europe and up a little bit in Asia, primarily driven by China. So overall, I would say the market is going to be up 1% to 2%. Industrial production, I see moderate improvement in that area. And I think housing around the world is going to be solid, but not any barn burn. And the biggest barn burn has historically been the U. S. So, housing prices are up a lot in the U. S. The amount of new permits are, I would say should be higher could be higher, but it hasn’t shown that. So we’re projecting 2% to 3% growth in the total architectural market in the U.S., higher in the do-it-for-me market than do-it-yourself market.
Michael McGarry: I would say two plus. So I don't see the one to two, because I take some of the things that we've seen this year won't repeat. So I think that would be on the area on the two plus side. And we are always driving productivity, so we're not going to walk away from productivity initiatives. I think that's at the top of the list, and we're going to continue to deploy our capital and then we're going to continue to look for ways to improve efficiencies in the plants as well. So I think we've had a historical preference to grow EPS 10%, and I don't think we're walking away from that.
Michael McGarry: Well, I think the answer to the first question is we have announced two price increases. We are getting two price increases -- typically I always say that we get 50% to 75% of any increase we announced. The last one -- depending upon product, you can't just draw a line around it. It’s anywhere from 3% to 6% depending upon the product in the market. And the big box is, the answer is yes we do get it, it never as faster or as easy as we like. But they do recognize raw material inflation, they do understand that we have to be profitable and we also are very sensitive of the fact that they have a business they also need to run. So we collaborate very well in that regard.
Michael McGarry: We're certainly not at the prior peak. As far as what it takes to get there, as you know, the least peak if you remember there was what 2 million housing starts. So we're a long way away from that. But we do have a lot more modeling going on. There is a lot of value in the houses. So there is still more upward potential in that regard. But you don't see the feeding trends on loans that you saw the last time. So I think we're in a more sustainable place now. So I think that's a positive.
Michael McGarry: So the PPG timeless thing is a premium stain, and it has started out very well. And I think the Home Depot associates are pleased with that. The PPG timeless paint has also in at a premium point, which is we're excited about it's the first time we've had, what I would call the premium product in the Home Depot stores. It is also started out well. I think it can certainly supported -- I think we have very sophisticated customers who make good decisions. And I think in this regard, we'll have to wait and see how it pans out, but we're pleased with it. We're going to put advertising money support behind the brand at Home Deposit, as well as externally. And so, we're obviously happy with that.
Michael McGarry: TiO2 prices went up in the quarter in China, and they did have some of the suppliers get shutdown for a mission and some were shutdown, because they were too close to where the party is doing certain activities. Like today in Beijing starting actually about a week and half ago, they shutdown all the body shops in Beijing, and they're told to be shutdown all the way through the end of October. So it's not just the hydrocarbons, but that is a much bigger portion of it. But I would say anybody who is making dangerous goods is under pressure that they're not in a chemical zone first and foremost, or if you have a bad historical record performance. Those are the two places that they're going to first to enact regulatory enforcement.
Michael McGarry: John, it’s definitely more the latter. We typically bring in these small acquisitions at margins below ours within -- we’re able to extract synergies and get them at or closer to our margins. And the Crown acquisition first quarter will be in this quarter or fourth quarter. So again, it’s coming in at a lower level and we’ll started working on synergies. And we already have started working on synergy capture.
Michael McGarry: So Dmitry, I think it’s actually been seven quarters, if I remember right. And that’s memory I can have John follow-up and give you the exact number. But the first answer is with the decline in marine, your protective business gets larger and the protective business is not as volatile as the marine side. So that’s the first thing. So the mix is now set that protective is really significant. Second, marine is at a bottom. If you look the first time in two years, there has been a net increase in ship orders that were placed in the third quarter. So that’s a positive. And I think that we’re going to start to see continued growth in ship orders. Don’t forget we paint typically 18 months after the orders are placed. So I think we’re at the bottom and it’s always hard to tell calling the bottom. So I won’t be 100% sure on this. But when I look at the order book, I see that -- I also see the China has picked up share. So Korea and Japan have both lost share in this enterprise downturn. And for us that’s good for us from a mix standpoint because we obviously are not winning as much in Japan as we win in China. So that’s a positive trend for us as well. So overall we’re projecting slight improvement quarter-over-quarter in the fourth quarter as well. So I would say that for the short-term we’re in our own business seeing an upturn, and I think the market will also start to mirror that shortly.
Michael McGarry: Well, there's always consolidation opportunities both ways, first the customer if they want to consolidate shelf space, they know where we live. So that's the easy one. We're always going in and doing aggressive product line reviews. But probably more realistic opportunity is the fact that some of these private owned paint companies are not getting recovery on the raw materials. And even though these are good cash flow positive businesses, even in this environment, it may be an appropriate time for them to look at whether or not this is time to monetize, or whether they family situations that maybe appropriate for them to look at selling. So we try to stay close to all the large families in Europe, so that they know if they're in a position that they are ready to sell that first person to call is PPG. So we stay close to that.
Michael McGarry: Well, if you start with the TiO2 question, there was an original push by France to label that product as a probable carcinogen, if I get my facts right. And that's been downgraded to possible. We're in complete disagreement with the science. They're looking at one old report. We have billion of man hours of safely handling TiO2 in our plants. Of course the TiO2 suppliers have the same thing. But given the fact that it's embedded in a liquid metrics, there is no concern in the paint product. We've been done testing standing cars and things like that. So there is no push to impact paint. If there were -- if we were to eventually quote unquote lose this argument with the authorities in Europe, it would lead to us, having to put more safeguarding and dispensing the TiO2 into the paint. That is not -- we already protect our employees, our employees feel very comfortable handling TiO2. But we'll do whatever is necessary to continue that. So we don't feel like that's in any way a threat to the business. But the fact of the matter is we think the science flawed. So when you try to stick a TiO2 powder into a rat, I'm not sure that replicates what happens to a human, but so be it. In regards to technology though, we are strongly focused on R&D. We spend nearly $500 million a year on this. We're spending more than any other coatings company. We've led the -- if you look at the BPA non-intent and you look at a water borne for refinish the compact process for automotive, what we've done as far as some of the advantage products that pass the fire protection in our PMC business, we have a number of success stories in that regard. And we would expect to continue to drive innovation, which should allow us to grow faster than market, which has been our historical stance. So I don't see a lot of difference going forward. I'm excited about our R&D pipeline. I have a quarterly meeting with these guys, and they really good at what they do.
Michael McGarry: No, I would tell you that we are very comfortable in the adhesives and ceilings area. I think it was early last year when we did the acquisition of LJF in France on the sealant side. That’s been a huge win for us. We bought 60% of it. Our partner, Total, is very happy that we bought it. There are lot of more profitable at owning 40% than they were at 100%. So they have been pleased with what we brought them. So we’re very comfortable in that space. The adhesives are certainly in area. We have the specialty coatings and material business that would be another area that we would stick-in. And obviously -- coatings is our bread and butter. So those are the focus areas. Our aerospace business is a good business in a number of areas. So I think you’re going to expect us to stay in the businesses that we’re most focus on now in the near, what I call, the near adjacencies. So if it touches paint or touches the adhesive or touches the sealant that would be what the areas we’ll be focusing on.
Michael McGarry: Jim, I think we were very clear. We withdrew our offer June 1. We have moved on. Our shareholders expect us to continue to create value today, and we’re not paid to wait around. So we’re going to continue to do that. So we’re happy with our acquisition pipeline, and our goal is to improve our business every single day. And you saw that and these results we closed the gap on the margin deterioration. You’re going to expect this to close that gap again, the next quarter as well. And so I’m pleased. I guess, the last time and I would say is I want to thank all our employees. We had all these hurricanes and earthquakes and our employees did a phenomenal job of supporting each other and supporting the company. And I just want to thank them in that regard. So maybe that answers your question, Jim.
Vince Morales: Ghansham, as you know, we typically don't give guidance. I think for us we've worked to try to close the margin gap. I think you'll see additional margin recovery in Q4 on a year-over-year basis, similar to what we in Q3 versus Q2. And the key factors there again would be additional pricing, still stubbornly persistent raw materials that probably ticking down seasonally a little bit. And then again we'll see normal seasonal trends in most of our businesses.
Vince Morales: And David, if I could go back, if I can just add. We think this has historically been a very modest growth market in a developed region, that’s continued. We haven’t seen any changes in pattern with our customer base. And we haven’t seen any changes in pattern in terms of the industry itself.
Vince Morales: It’s a great question Jeff, because there are big differences in inflation by region. Michael touched on a little earlier for different reasons. The reasons have moved in different direction. Our highest inflation region is actually Europe, really predicated on all the force majeure activity that has taken place this year. And then we’re seeing inflation in Asia, primarily China. Again, because of supply curtailments that are being in force there. And then the U.S., Canada and then Mexico would be a third in terms of pace of inflation. And just to remind everybody what Michael said earlier. We’re expecting low-single-digit inflation coming into the year. We’re now solidly at mid-single-digit inflation, so inflation certainly been higher this year than our preliminary expectations.
Vince Morales: PJ, we’re a seasonal business. So I think you’re right. Our working capital versus the end of the year was up as is typically this time a year. If you look on a year-over-year basis, our working capital as a percent of sales is actually down about 50 basis points. We’ve been targeting 100 basis points of decline, which we think we’ll achieve by the end of the year. And we’ll work through as we get through this lower season, work through some of the inventory as we typically do to achieve that goal. So I would look at our working capital versus same quarter prior year.
Vince Morales: Kevin, same as I answered the last question with, it depends on our growth outlook. If we see more robust growth environment, we'll step up GAAP spending, if we don't we're going to toe the line. We hope to start the year a little more optimistic outlook and see what happens with as the year develops. But for us, we’re fortunate because we're a capitalized industry, so 2% to 2.5% sales is -- and relative to other industry is very favorable from a shareholder perspective. But again, we're not going to spend if we don't see the growth trajectory established.
Vince Morales: John, this is Vince. Again, I think just back to what we said earlier. For the company like PPG that has compliant coatings products, we think if this trend continues longer term, it's favorable for us. We know we have some local competition there that does not currently have compliant water based product. So the continual move toward more high technology coatings I think favors the multinationals.
Vince Morales: Well again, I think when you look across the industrial basket of the companies, 10% EPS growth in a low growth environment like we’re trying about is admirable. And it depends on a lot of factors. We do think there will be slight inflation heading into next year. We’re still going to be working on getting our pricing up. The one you didn’t mention is currency right now would be a slight tailwind. So that would be a benefit to us as well. But I do think all the levers that you talked about are ones we see as well.
Vince Morales: I think the answer is very simple. We get, as Michael mentioned, we got a very large amount of sophisticated customers, take us further in terms of time to price with those customers. We're still seeing very high inflation rates on raw materials. So that's the gap because we got to continue to push pricing in order to recover the margins. All the other things you mentioned, I think are certainly a piece of the puzzle. But the bigger piece for us to get price to offset raws.
Vince Morales: We're working all levers to recover the margins. We’ve got through self help activities, obviously, that Michael talked about in the opening comments. We're pushing price with all of our different segments of customers. Our target, as Michael said, is to get margins back to flat in the first half of next year, hopefully earlier in that first half as opposed to later. And I think we're on path now to do that. We're as Michael again mentioned earlier, six or maybe seven months behind where we would like to have been, if you look at past situations. But we're comfortable we'll work back to margin parody.
Vince Morales: No, I think with our pricing actions predominantly as well as some productivity, those will be sufficient to recover the raws inflation.
VinceMorales: Again, as you know acquisitions, are episodic both in number and in size. As Michael just mentioned, we do have a fairly active pipeline that we're vetting, along with potential sellers. We certainly would hope that that's our primary use of cash for the next 15 months and beyond that. But I would tell you, we don't have certainly as you never do around acquisitions. What we are committing to is $2.8 billion of deployment effectively from this month until the end of '18. And we don't know how that's going to follow acquisition of our share repurchase. But the $2.8 billion will be spent. And so if we have to deploy all that in share repos as opposed acquisition because the targets are not willing or not at the right price, we will do so. But I think as Michael mentioned, our preference would earnings accretive acquisitions.
VinceMorales: Well, I think Vincent, as you follow us over the years, I think you’ll find that we try to be aggressive on all fronts and try to make sure what we’re doing, whether it would growth related expenses or growth related cap spending matches what’s happening in the external environment. And as Michael started the call out, we see a low growth environment. So we are not pushing on some growth projects that could be delayed or deferred to a later time. And again I think it’s just our typically management stuff.
VinceMorales: If you look over a long period of time and you take out the peaks and value surrounding the last financial crisis, which was again in part driven by homes. This is 2% to 3% or 4% growth market, and that's the value of the market from an equity investment perspective is a stability. And so I think we've gone back to, what I would call more stable growth rate over a longer period of time.
VinceMorales: If you look at those two channels, independent dealer channel has a perennial modest share loss channel for multiple years the channel requires very little maintenance. It’s a very good channel for PPG and the other parties involved. It’s a modestly shrinking channel and it will be here for quite some time, but it will continue to shrink. And that has not changed in terms of its trajectory. The big box channel, as Michael alluded to earlier, we think the DIY market is being primarily affected by low unemployment. We, PPG this year, we personally have not seen much inventory destocking or restocking. That does happen from year-to-year to different products. So it’s certainly plausible in the space. If you remember Dmitry, we have some destocking last year. So, it just depends what products are selling versus which products are not. But the fact of the matter is it’s down low to mid single-digit percentages. And that has not changed again from the beginning of the year.
