Michael McGarry: I think Q3 we're still going to have some margin compression. But we are working hard on the price increases. And I think Q4 you'll start to see a meaningful improvement in that regard.
Michael McGarry: I'm not concerned at all, David. I mean historically you know, because such a large percentage of our costs is raw materials, our coatings peers will need to be managing their margins. And I think that's important. You have one of our competitors who is obviously going through significant change with the - as they were being acquired by Sherwin. So maybe there is some lack of focus there. I don't know, we will wait and see. Then you have another one that has additional challenges, where they're focused highly on growth, organic growth and volume. I specifically listened to that. So I think there is some divergence out here. But that's not going to continue. I think the coatings industry has had a history of pricing. And our customers know that this is a significant issue for us. We work collaboratively with our customers and we would expect to do so in the third and fourth quarters as well.
Michael McGarry: Well, I do expect volume to grow. We have had a lot of traction in a number of our businesses. I will point to one area that's been a significant drag and that's marine. We've had 18 quarters in a row of volume declines in Korea. We had a nice uptick in our order book in the second quarter. Now, don't forget we paint ships 12 to 18 months after. But we saw deliveries getting I would say at the bottom. And we expect deliveries of ships in the fourth quarter to be up, that would be the first one. So I think that's a nice one. And I also - when I think about our packaging business we reported basically zero in packaging for the second quarter. But they were comping versus a plus 9%. So I think we still have more upward project ability in that business. Miles driven continues to be a positive for refinish. Aerospace deliveries were weak and if you look what their goals for the big aerospace companies are, their second half of the year have to be stronger if they're going to meet their targets. So I think I see a number of things that are positive, so I'm optimistic.
Michael McGarry: Well, I think you have several factors going on there. First of all, the biggest trend is that do it for me. So you have the aging baby boomers, cash in the pocket, they'd rather have somebody else go out and do it. They were the big users of DIY, so that one. You have a millennials, who have not yet moved into the housing formation market, because of call it college debt or a number of factors. So I think that's another one. And I think some of the home centers have complicated their category if you will, and made it more difficult for consumers when they come in, to initiate a paint purchase. And so we've been in a lot of discussion with our DIY customers for the need to simplify their category. So that people can come in and move the decision cycle from, say, 100 days down to 60 days. And I think that's a huge one. So I think there are a number of factors, but certainly, you saw the strength in our own company stores. It's outperforming the DIY segment. But we have a huge vested interest in our customers to be successful in DIY. And so, we're trying to talk to them about that.
Michael McGarry: So in regards to the first question, our paint customers typically make a decision and then they don't flip flop people back and forth. So any share that we lost in 2Q and some of our businesses will likely continue. But as our competitors feel the same raw material inflation that we have, should they make their own independent decisions, then they may be impacted by customers. Our customers could say, okay, well, we see it coming now. So we'll make adjustments differently. That's something we can't predict, but what I will tell you is the raw material inflation is not new to the coatings business. This is - when it happens everybody needs to react. And so we'll be continuing to work in this area. I would say the areas that were impacted the most or the areas that have - I would say more ability to switch than others. And so that means they're likely to switch back as well. I'm not sure, I want to get into the individual businesses, but if you think big global guys have less flexibility, the smaller guys have more flexibility, so that maybe one way to think about it.
Michael McGarry: Well, I think the positive news about Europe is if you look at, like, automotive, and you still have more latent demand in automotive. I think, Eastern Europe have had a nice recovery, and I think that's going to help. I think, maybe the order book order book in France will start to get healthier now with the change in administration, certainly UK, Ireland continues to be a strong market for us. So I think a number of things I see from that regard has positive momentum. So that's how I would think about that Frank.
Michael McGarry: We are still in the early innings, Frank. I think right now we have between 50 and 70 trials and conversions still ongoing around the world. So there's a number of activities, and part of that unfortunately is the fact that the new coatings, they're multiple coatings, so you don't use just one coating and have to roll it out everywhere we have multiple coatings and none of our packaging customers, they have different line configurations, different oven configurations, different airflow configurations. So I would say the conversions are not progressing quite as fast as anybody would like. The good news is, when we get it, they are very happy with it. And so we still have a lot more conversions to go, but good news is, when we get it right the customers are ecstatic.
Michael McGarry: And Vincent, this is Michael. The other thing I would say is that it, beginning of the year we thought we'd be selling fiber glass, but we didn't have a deal. Obviously, now we have a deal and we have a sight line on when that deal is going to close. So there's more certainty on the cash flow from that. So that's a positive. And as you see today, the announcement of the Crown Coating services, we're going to continue to put our money to work and acquisitions.
Michael McGarry: Yes, Christopher, I would tell you that we continue to work proactively with our retail partners. One of them launched Home Depot to be a specific launched, PPG Timeless Stain. It has been a little bit of a difficult stain year, given the amount of rain, and so it has impacted exterior paint as well as exterior stain. And so that's a positive, we also have pitched other new ideas to our customers, and they are proactively evaluating them. We won't know until they roll it out in the store, but those are all positive for us. DIAMOND has been a significant success. Assure at Lowe's has done very well, Paramount has done well, so I think we have a number of success stories, I think our customers are comfortable with the fact that we can play at the good better best range and that's been a positive for us. But it is an evolution, when we bought the Glidden business they had under invested in the brand, they had under invested in the resources. So we have brought all that up to speed, and now we're just now starting to see that. As you can tell, we have the same thing going on in the stores with this. Our PPG-owned stores have had significant improvement in sales on a quarter-over-quarter basis.
Michael McGarry: Yes. So we're a strong number one in OEM in Asia. And we're a strong number one in both the global OEMs as well as the domestics in China. And we're a very solid performer in India, which is also growing. So I would say, we've been happy, we significantly outpaced industry rate in Asia by multiple points in our OEM business. And specifically in China, we were well above what happened in the industry. And the industry was flat, and we were up high-single-digit. So our platform in Asia is really strong.
Michael McGarry: Yes. So, PJ, the dealer channel continues to be a very good channel for us. The beauty about that channel even though it's moderating, it's moderating in a very slow rate. It's highly predictable. We're able to manage our cost structure along with the moderation and demand, and so the profitability that segment remains quite good. So from our standpoint, we want to be in all three. We want to be in the company owned stores. We want to be with the dealers. And we want to be with DIY. So we want to play across them all. Probably the biggest thing that we probably haven't talked about is in the DIY segment, because Vince talked about the bigger projects being done, and if you look at some of the large retailers. They have a lot of big ticket growth. What we want to encourage them to do is make sure when somebody walks in and wants a $25 gallon of paint that we are not chasing them out, because we're trying to up sell everybody. So that's an area of focus is to make sure that we do that. But I would tell you all three segments are attractive to us, and we're going to continue to focus on all of them.
Michael McGarry: Well, first of all, I would tell you, I don't think we're - pricing any differently than we have historically. So that would be my first comment. Second, I would urge you to look at propylene and ethylene on a global basis, because if you look at some of those on a global basis, you'll find that like propylene in Asia is up year over year. You'll find that ethylene in Asia is similar, you European ethylene is up year-over-year. So it's not quite the same overall, and this period last year, you had oil at about $35 or so $40, and now you have it at $50. So we are seeing oil derivatives they typically are - again two or three steps down the value chain. So you don't get the immediate decrease that you see in oil. So solvents, yes, but for some of the other key commodities, it doesn't happen overnight. So I would just tell you, we still see raw material inflation, and TiO2 is certainly going to be still marginally up in 3Q.
Michael McGarry: Well, historically, it doesn't go up in the fourth quarter. As you know, we produce the vast majority of our paint through the first seven or eight months of the year, tapers off there. A number of them have historically come to us and tried to quietly move some volume to incentivize us to make some production ahead of the next year's paint schedule. Whether or not they will do that is too early to tell, this is only July. But that is not unusual behavior, so I would tell you we should just wait and see how they respond.
Michael McGarry: Well, part of the raw material challenge we're having, right now, is some of the force majeures on some of the larger items. So you did have the challenging environment in Europe where one of the TiO2 plants still down. You have the environmental issues in China, where they're trying to radically reduce the emission levels, so the TiO2 costs are going up there. And then, if you look at some of the things like epoxies, epoxies are up. Emulsions are up. So those are all having that kind of impact. So I think on balance, we're not happy. Obviously, we're paying more, but we don't think we pay anything different than our competitors. And we also think that after the fourth quarter it's going to be moderating, and on a year-over-year basis, the first quarter will probably be flat. But right now, it's maybe a little too early to tell that.
Michael McGarry: Don, on the specific businesses, I mean, we still are going to be launching a new commercial transport product in our refinish business in back half of this year. Refinish historically has been a very good business for us. We've consistently grown that business, we think that will be the next catalyst in that. If you look at our aerospace business, we just launch what we call Aerocron. It's e-coat for the aerospace business. We have commercial customers up now. This is an industry unfortunately that thinks in terms of decades, and not in terms of years. So some of our bigger customers will take several years are growing to that process. But they're all doing testing, and they're all excited about the way that that e-coat can reduce the weight of the parts in the plane, so that's another technology we're bringing to the market. If you think about in the marine protective side, we have a number of new products, vantage products that go into our pacifier protection, so that's a positive for us. And I would tell you from the general industrial, we have developed some new products for lightweighting in that area as well. So when you think about the major themes, sustainability and lightweighting and those areas that has all been a positive for us. But I would tell you a lot of our customers move at a little bit slower pace than we'd like them to.
Michael McGarry: And I guess, I'd add to that a little bit. The reason why we gained so much share in Asia was because of our compact process, where you put down multiple layers of paint at once. And that was easier to sell that benefit in Asia, when they were building new plants. Now that they see how well that is working, now they're going to, they're thinking about brownfield conversions. And you'll see that happen in Europe, before you'll see it in the U.S., because obviously energy costs are higher in Europe than they are in the U.S. But we're starting to see a number of our global customers thinking about this. And as this trend accelerates, obviously that's a good benefit for us, because we have the best technology in that regard.
Michael McGarry: Sure. So we started on this initiative probably five years ago, and we've made a significant improvement in that regard probably depend upon the formulation anywhere from 7% to 10% less TiO2. The next generation of that was either the substitute or the total conversion of fluoride to sulfate. And now I would say it's the optimization of the formulation that we're working on now. We're also working on whether or not there's more TiO2 sulfate guys in China that can reach that level of quality that we need, and so we're going with a broader set of suppliers in Asia to bring them up to the level, and we have a number of trials ongoing in that regard. So that is still to be played out. And then, of course, we have the formula optimization that we need to do as we get more cross-fertilization across the businesses, across the world. And I think that still has many more innings to play out in that respect. So this is an ongoing area of focus for the company, we spend $500 million on R&D. And this is a portion of our R&D effort is raw material formula optimization.
Michael McGarry: This is PPG, so productivity is a mandate. This isn't optional, no business, no matter how good they are get out of this. So they all have their productivity goals for the year, and I would say the vast majority of our businesses are delivering in that regard. Our manufacturing teams are doing a very good job of driving productivity. I think, we are ahead of the restructuring initiative that we said, I think we gave you a target of $40 million to $50 million for the year. And we've - we are well on our way to achieving that target. So I think we're on track in that regard. And I always have higher expectations for the team, and they know that. And I think, they're all focused to deliver more in the second half of the year.
Michael McGarry: No, Dmitry, I think it's the former. We've posted a couple of really good strong growth years there. We're confident against those, we're confident in the Comex business model and the business remains very successful.
Michael McGarry: Dmitry, this is Michael, I would tell you that in Mexico we opened 52 stores in the second quarter. And we also opened a number of stores in Central America. Last year in Central America, I think we grew 29%. So we had to overcome that. So I would tell you that the expectation for the team is to continue to perform at least two times GDP. We're not walking away from that target.
Michael McGarry: No, I think we should continue no marginally pick up share. We do though expect it to be in the low-single-digit range as opposed to prior years when it was growing high-single-digits.
Michael McGarry: No, again, there is still more data to come out for the quarter, Dmitry. So it's hard for us to speak. Can we give some projections about the industry, hard for us to speak holistically. But if you look at most of our national customers, we're seeing generally similar trends. There's always a little bit of difference in delta in that. But I'd say there's not a wide disparity in the dealer channel. As Michael talked about earlier, that's a channel that has a very small incremental erosion on a year-over-year basis that we can very well manage. That's typically a very sticky channel in terms of customer relationships. So I would say, we're not seeing anything unique by the customer or different customer sets.
Michael McGarry: Yeah, and I think the difference between the channels, trade versus DIY has been in this - we've been in this situation for well over a year. So it's not any different than prior quarters. It's not accelerating or decelerating.
Michael McGarry: Well, we've always said that there's no transaction that we wouldn't look at. But we're always going to remain disciplined in that regard. We're going to look at it whether it's accretive to our shareholders. And I would tell you that the vast majority of the ones we're looking at are tend to be bolt-on types. And we still have an active pipeline and we're still going to manage that appropriately.
Michael McGarry: No, it's a big segment. It's our second biggest segment after the U.S. and Canada. And we're bigger in trade in Europe than we are in the retail. And so, we're doing fairly well in most of our markets. But the retail segment over there is more challenging than it is in the U.S., because there's more private label in Europe than there is in the U.S. And they will tend to switch people out faster than they will here in the U.S. where you know you might lose a price point here, or a price point there. But there you can you see a lot more action in that regard. But overall, I would tell you, France is our biggest market. And when you look at the trade France, it's been flat to marginally down. And since that's our biggest market, it has more impact. But the good news is, in the U.K., Ireland, we've been significantly growing share and that's getting to be a bigger market. Benelux has been a very good market for us. And I would say the positive in Eastern Europe is we saw a nice little turnaround now. The key is whether it's sustainable, because we'll have to wait and see. But that's a good thing.
Michael McGarry: Yeah, I would agree with that. They don't have as much super premium paint in Europe as we do in the States, because it's more private label. And the U.S. market has done a really good job driving premium paints. So I think that is one key difference. The other thing is you don't have the full employment over there that you do have here. So the DIY segment and the do-it-for-me hasn't diverged as much as it has here.
Michael McGarry: Yes, so for Crown it has sales between $125 million and $150 million. We have essentially paid $1 per $1 of sales. It's a nice acquisition. The segmentation of it is I think in the sweet spot. It has a high majority of trucks, SUVs and a nice exposure to heavy-duty equipment. As you know, the heavy-duty equipment market is recovering in a nice rate. And then for the trucks and SUVs, that's by far the strongest part of the automotive market. So I think it segmented appropriately. And now that we have more density, the big, big OEM guys and the big heavy-duty equipment guys are going to be anxious to push more share I think our way long term, because we're able to supply them over a broader portfolio of products as well as a broader portfolio of locations.
Michael McGarry: Well, I could. But maybe our retail partners would not be happy, because we don't make the decisions in their aisles. But we have encouraged them to think about how they can simplify the number of price points, simplify the number of choices, make the color decision faster and easier, and provide - I would tell you, less competition in the aisle and more conversion in the aisle. I think that's the key. We don't want to make sure that everybody that goes in the store to buy paint buys somebody's paint. That's the real key, is to make sure they walk out the door with paint. And anything we can do to help them understand what's impacting their conversion is intelligence that we're sharing with them.
Michael McGarry: Well, we did not purchase shares during that period of time. Obviously, we felt like we had inside information so we were prohibited from buying shares. In regard to the management change, we will not comment on it. I think you should call them and find out. But we have put Akzo in the rearview mirror. And we're looking forward to growing our business.
Michael McGarry: Well, I certainly do. I think if you look at some of their own commentary, I think they've taken an approach that is appropriate. I think they recognize, the last time they chased away permanently TiO2 volume which was not in their best long term interest. As far as relationships with them, I would tell you that we always try to keep good relationships with our suppliers. It's important, because the good times will turn into bad times. And most of our product raw materials are cyclical. And so, it's important for us to work collaboratively with them the same way we work with our own customers in a collaborative manner.
Michael McGarry: Well, I would tell you that they were certainly rain that impacted. Exterior painted awfully difficult to do to begin with and then rain makes it impossible. We do have a good strong start to July for our stores. But it's also relatively consistent with what we saw in the first two quarters. As you know, we've had good company owned stores sales in Q1 and Q2. And we're pleased with the performance of the team and then we see similar patterns in July.
Vincent Morales: And, David, if you look at our history as an industry and certainly as a company, we've said for a longer time it typically takes six to nine months to offset these inflationary effects. And we're really in the three, four, five month category. So we do expect additional pricing from ourselves in the back half of the year consistent with past practice.
Vincent Morales: Thank you, Jim [ph]. What I would tell you is we don't give out our cadence on share repurchases. If you look at the economics, for us the acquisitions have typically been able to drive incremental value above a share repurchase just because of the synergy value of the acquisitions, [so got to get] [ph] good pricing. So if there's an opportunity to do a value creating acquisition that still remains a preference, assuming again the returns are [better than] [ph] share repo. And then if we're able to find those transactions and are able to close them, then we do share repurchases. But again historically, we've not given our cadence about what we're going to do by quarter with share repurchases.
Vincent Morales: Yes, Bob, the biggest impact on our corporate line was simply incentive-based compensation. As you can tell, we're running below or 10% EPS target. Our volume growth is below our target as well, so we're reflecting that. And our margins are compressed, so we're reflecting that. And our incentive-based comp, I would say that line item for the back-half of the year, we took two quarters' worth in this quarter. We took the first quarter and second quarter adjustments cumulatively in the second quarter. But for the back-half of the year, I would expect that corporate line to be slightly lower than last year, but not much so.
Vincent Morales: Yes, Kevin. So historically, we have been somewhere between 2.5% to 3% of sales on capital spending in both 2015 and 2016, we were slightly above that number, because we were doing some cost localization projects, primarily in emerging regions. You may have saw in the quarter, we opened a new plant in Russia as well. But now we are expecting for 2017 in aggregate to be right around that 3% of sales figure. And I would say in 2018 we are going to stick right around our depreciation level maybe slightly above.
Vincent Morales: Frank, we're not pleased with the volume growth, but I would tell you that one of our bigger businesses there, which is architectural was down modestly in Q2, but they had two less selling days. And their sales per selling day were actually up over 2%. So again, I think there's been some caveat there with respect to one of our bigger businesses in the Q2 period.
Vincent Morales: Well, if you look at our balance sheet, we have a very strong balance sheet. We are committed to growing the company, we're returning the money to shareholders. We do - I think our - as evidenced in the quarter, if there's an opportunity to create value for our shareholders, we will certainly try to take advantage of it. But it's really a reflection of two things, Vincent: one, our strong cash and our strong balance sheet, and our need to - Secondly our need to be creative and value creative for our shareholders with that asset.
Vincent Morales: Chris, the basis of that outperformance really goes back a couple of years, we've made some significant investments, we talked earlier about CapEx we've done in Asia. We've made some significant bets with customers. And so it's been plan-able [ph] and executable by our team over there.
Vincent Morales: We typically, Jeff, if you look at our kind of our cadence of capital spending, because our businesses are very busy in the beginning of the year, operationally, we typically do a greater amount of capital spending in the back half of the year. And if you look at our sales on a full-year basis, I don't know what your model has, but I would use your sales on a full-year basis times around 3% to get our capital spending figure.
Vincent Morales: Well, Michael mentioned this a little earlier about some of the factors that may be affecting the different channels in architectural. I'll add to what he said earlier, you talked earlier about baby boomers and millennials, and different preferences. But in addition to that we've typically seen the do-it-for-me category go up. And when you have a low unemployment, and unemployment in the U.S., as you know, 10 years low, and we also - I would tell you we've also seen it in the repair market, bigger repairs being done. And paint is a very cost effective and small dollar repair, but we're typically seeing bigger repairs being done such as kitchens and bath don't use much paint. So those will be other - two other contributing factors to what Michael mentioned earlier.
Vincent Morales: And, Don, relative to your second question, I think the evidence was certainly out there over the past 18 months, if you look retroactively there's been a significant amount of continued consolidation in the coating space. We said at the beginning of - not this year, but last year there are very active pipeline. We're sitting in the same place today, we think there's a very active pipeline of small to mid-size deals out there. We announced one today. And I think, we're proud to say we remain disciplined with respect to multiples, and we intend to do so going forward. But there is certainly an active - series of active discussions underway with us and other potential targets in this space.
Vincent Morales: Arun, this is Vince again. So again, I think we provide the heat map we try to be as transparent as possible. This does include by region and by end market our projections of what the market's doing. But I think we provide the most granular level detail of anybody of our expectations that we're performing for you guys. I would say, if you look at Q1 to Q2 - in Q1 versus Q2, we did see a higher level of build - auto build growth rate. Q2 build growth rate slightly negative globally and slightly positive in Q1 that is a bigger business for us. And that's probably, we talked about packaging the differences there, and we talked about architectural enough. Those are probably the three biggest differences if you look quarter-over-quarter. We do expect auto to reaccelerate, as we said in our prepared comments. We expect the business to grow globally in Q3. And as Michael said about architectural, we expect some improvement there especially in Europe.
Vincent Morales: We measure auto OEM on a global basis, because these are global customers and there are decisions you make that - to move around the world based on your competencies, and your technology. So we could pick on one region, but I would tell you that we're well above market in the Asian region, which is the biggest market in the world. As I said earlier that was orchestrated, and we're also well above market in Latin America, which predominantly is Mexico, which is the fastest growing region in the world, right now. So again, we've made very significant and plan-able decisions in the past that are allowing us to outperform globally, and we expect to continue to do so in the second half of the year.
Vincent Morales: It's a minimum at market. And it certainly can go above market depending on how many stores we open, et cetera.
Vincent Morales: Well, Michael said earlier, Mike, that we hope to minimize somewhat the margin compression we saw in Q2. So for that factor alone we would hope to see improved operating earnings. We do have - again, we're going to work on our cash deployment, and again, we're not going to give a cadence there. But I think you hit on all the key elements to look at for the second half of the year in terms of earnings leverage.
Vincent Morales: I'll let Michael give the size, Laurence. But I will remind you that MetoKote, which we bought last year, did anniversary July 1, so that would not be considered acquisition related on the go-forward basis. And I'll let Michael talk about the acquisition today.
Vincent Morales: And Laurence, with respect to trading off dollar for dollar in terms of impact on our - we haven't closed the transaction yet. So until we close the transaction, we won't see any effect of the acquisition.
Vincent Morales: So, Jim, if you look again, our U.S. architectural business in the stores network is up 5%, so our cost absorption is actually better.
Vincent Morales: I just want to once again thank everybody for their time on the call today. And we will be taking investor calls. Please look at the presentation materials for the call information, to schedule a call. And again, appreciate your time and interest in PPG. Thank you.
