Timothy Knavish: Yes, sure Ghansham. Thanks for the question. I'll tell you how I'm feeling about the full year guide here. We have a bold 10% EPS growth target off of a strong record year last year and on a very challenging plan. But we've got strong reasons to believe and we're confident in that. First of all, we've proven over the last several quarters what we can do on margins and cash. That gives us optionality. We believe that our strong volume momentum will continue. We went from minus 3%, minus 2%, minus 1%, now essentially flat, without the one-timers, we're expecting positive volume the rest of the year. I'm satisfied with where pricing is. We continue to get price and performance. We've got some indexing offsets in industrial, but I'm confident in that. We've got manufacturing momentum. We're starting to deliver on the productivity initiatives as well as some incremental volume leverage. Portfolio, we're starting from a position of strength in a number of our countries and businesses, aerospace, Mexico, China, India, PMC, automotive. We've got some share gains in the process of being launched across packaging, refinish, industrial coatings. We've got our enterprise growth strategy initiatives. And we do have some optionality, again, with capital deployment. So we feel good about the ramp between Q1 to Q2 and the second half of the year, Ghansham.
Timothy Knavish: Yes. John, thanks for the question. As far as progression from Q1 to Q2, Q1, we did say they were down high single digits, which was better than our forecast of mid-single digits. Q2, we believe, down the mid-single digits. And we're confident enough now to issue full year guide on raws being down in that low single digits to mid-single digits for full year 2024. So we've got better visibility now into what we believe that price of raws will look like for the rest of the year.
Timothy Knavish: Yes, Mike, first of all, it's based on a number of factors. One is the overall trend of the company particularly when you adjust for -- you got to take the Walmart load-in out. And when you adjust for that, we've been ramping. So that's one part of it. Second is we are -- we are seeing a number of the share gain wins across some of our businesses from last year, starting to launch in Q2 in industrial, in Refinish and in packaging primarily. And we've also -- we're only 16 or whatever days into the month here. And while that's just one-sixth of the quarter, we're comfortable with what we're seeing on orders and shipments thus far in the quarter. So, we're comfortable in saying that we'll be positive volume for Q2.
Timothy Knavish: The way that I'm thinking about the additional authorization that we got from our Board yesterday is really consistent with what we've done and said over the last number of years and quarters. We said that, obviously, we're going to pay our dividend. Obviously, we're going to do what we need to do with the CapEx to grow our businesses organically. We paid down all of our high-cost debt last year. And we've consistently said that in the absence of shareholder value-creating acquisitions, we're not going to let the cash sit on our balance sheet. And we did that in Q4. We did it in Q1. So we're really sticking with that mantra. The way to think about magnitude going forward will depend on all of those factors, what's our actual leverage sitting at versus what we see in our acquisition pipeline after we've done those kind of organic things of dividend and CapEx.
Timothy Knavish: Good morning, David, it's Tim. We had a very, very detailed and thoughtful communications plan ahead of making the announcement on February 26 that we executed very shortly after that press release went out and have continued to execute. And we've seen very minimal, if any, disruption. There's chatter, but we've got really good talk plans out there. We're engaging our key customers, we're engaging our key -- obviously, our employees, we're engaging our owners, as you know. So a very minimal disruption to the business. The second question, we expected strong interest because of the strength of the brands and the strength of the assets in our architectural U.S. Canada business, I'm pleased to say the interest is even higher than what we expected. So that's -- we feel good right now about where we are. As far as the -- which likely outcome, David, until numbers start coming across the desk and we can start looking at what's best for long-term shareholder value creation, it's a bit early. But we want to be definitive on our path forward in Q3. So we'll have a much better view of what this structure might look like in another quarter or so, David.
Timothy Knavish: Hi, Chris. Thanks for your very polite way of saying that I'm old at the beginning there. I feel more comfortable now than ever, that we are building a portfolio here at PPG that will have a higher growth profile and a higher margin profile. As you alluded to, we did what I would call just pruning last year of some smaller parts of our portfolio that we really did not see being consistent with our enterprise growth strategy and our performance targets. We did that last year. Obviously, Q1 this year, I announced two pretty sizable ones. Going forward, at least today, you shouldn't count on us coming out tomorrow or any time soon with another very sizable divestiture. So I'm comfortable with what's in the portfolio in -- at a high level. We will continue, however, to prove -- I'm sorry, to prune on a smaller scale and one of our mantras going forward is that every business has to earn the right to stay in the portfolio. That means, one, from a performance outlook standpoint, but two, consistent with our very focused enterprise growth strategy. I also want to add that when we talk about portfolio, Chris, it's not just about the pruning and divestitures. But we are also intending to be continued acquirers going forward just on a very focused basis for those things that meet both our performance outlook and our enterprise growth strategy.
Timothy Knavish: John, there's a lot of theories out there from a lot of different parties. As I mentioned, the interest level that we've seen coming in is very high, higher than we expected. And not all of those parties have the same view of what we should do and what this might look like at the end. So my only comment would be, everyone should be confident that we said we were casting a wide net intentionally. Everybody should be confident that we will look at every option that comes in and weigh them and do what's best for shareholder value period. It's a little early to go beyond that, again because nothing -- no numbers have hit our desk yet.
Timothy Knavish: Yes. Vincent, Tim here. Thanks for the question. Let me kill the second part of, first, the easy part. Price, you should expect us to continue to execute on price the way we always have in Refinish, because the value proposition of the pain inside the can plus all the tools and service outside the can continues to improve. And it's such an important part of the repair, but a fairly low-cost part of the repair. So we'll continue to execute on price. In volume, Q1 was lower than we expected and if you saw the claims data for March that just came out for the U.S., in particular, were quite a bit lower than really the industry expected. The whole refinish industry loves an ice storm down in the Southeast U.S. or Southwest U.S., where they're not quite ready to handle with an ice storm, and it was a pretty mild winter, particularly down south. And so the claims in March were down significantly. That affected Q1. And frankly, we'll also carry in effect Q2 which is why we're partly why we're saying mid -- mid-single digits on sales for Q2. The other factor in Q2 is we did have a very strong Q2 last year. That said, I've spoken and Jancy who runs that business for us, has spoken to our key end users here in the last weeks and they're all saying the same thing about Q1, but we are all expecting, I would say, a return to more normal growth in the second half of 2024. So we just got to get through Q2. To your question on industry versus 2019, set March aside from a claims standpoint because it's a bit unique. Other than March, we're down low single digits, mid-single digits versus pre-COVID as an industry, but we are seeing things like mouse-driven ticking up, we are seeing more and more return to downtown areas, if you want to call it that. So long and short of it, down a bit in Q1, down a bit in Q2 because of onetimers here from a weather standpoint and a claims standpoint, confident in the second half of the year and confident for the long-term health of this business. And that's if we don't gain share, but we are continuing to gain share through our digital tools, as I mentioned in my opening remarks.
Timothy Knavish: Thanks, Steve. So as far as what it's done over the last couple of years, it's been a little ups and downs, but it has been below company average, and we have been investing, particularly in the Home Depot model. But why has it been at the low level of profitability over the last several years? A number of things, the macros aren't great. You've got this post-COVID hangover across the whole industry. As I mentioned, we have been investing -- and through -- you mentioned our own stores, through our own stores, that's a high fixed cost model, and you need velocity through those stores and with all the factors in the macro and in the post-COVID that velocity has decreased. Now the Home Depot Pro initiative is certainly working and gaining momentum and is positively contributing. But at this point, it's not far enough in that ramp-up curve to offset those macros, particularly what's happening on the DIY side. So the reason we're doing this now is we do have momentum in this kind of omnichannel model with the combination of the Home Depot, our stores and our independent dealers. And -- but we need a partner to make that go faster to get this to company average profitability. And so that's why we're open to a number of different scenarios for this business.
Timothy Knavish: Okay. Jeff, thanks for the question. I'll take the kind of momentum question that you asked, and Vince can take the repo one. But -- so I mean full transparency, there were a couple of things that were weaker in Q1 than what we expected. We expected the Walmart -- lack of a Walmart load in, right? So that's the straight math. We expected some negative Easter timing impact. I would say that was higher than what we expected. And we are actually, again, it's only halfway through the first month, but we're seeing a bit of post-Easter snap back, okay? So that was worse in the first quarter, but that will be just shifting to the second quarter. Two other things. Europe was softer than we expected. And industrial production, combined with the launching of some of our share wins was weaker than we expected. So if you think about all of those and roll forward to Q2; obviously, the Walmart load-in comp isn't there. I mentioned we're getting Easter snapback on Europe, early days, but we're comfortable with what we're seeing in April. So I'm not saying it's going to have a snap back, but it's -- we don't see it getting worse. And on the industrial side, we are seeing -- we are launching a number of those share gains that we executed throughout the second half of last year, in Q2. And then finally, the Refinish factor that I just mentioned. Refinish, particularly in March, was a bit slower than we expected, but we're expecting a strong second half for Refinish.
Timothy Knavish: Yes. Thanks, Kevin. I'll take the last one first just to kick it off here. We have not seen any significant -- I can't, frankly, think of any of our customers that have rationalized their capacity to the point that it's affecting our numbers in Europe. In Europe, I'd say the two businesses that that probably affected us the most in Q1, one was consumer facing, and that was Deco. That was slower than we expected, mostly in France and in the Nordics. We did see green shoots in the East, where we're also quite strong, so that's given us a little optimism looking forward. The second business on the Industrial segment, Automotive. Automotive was weaker than we expected for the quarter. So that gives some insights there. But as we look forward, we do -- again, early days in April, we're seeing a better order book and better shipments, we do see -- we do believe that as we talk to our customers, that the Deco business is in those hard-hit countries is bouncing off the bottom. They're not expecting it to get worse. And we do see recoveries beginning to happen in the East. And again, each individually, maybe not the largest Deco markets, but when you add them together, they're important part of our portfolio. Places like Poland, places like Romania, where we have strong number 1 positions in growing, places like Hungary and Czech. So we do see some green shoots there. So we are not expecting Deco to get worse, but we're also not naive enough to say there's going to be a huge V-shape, but we are expecting incremental improvements. And if you think about all the cost actions that we've taken on that continent, a little bit of incremental volume delivers really good leverage. Automotive. We're taking a bit of a wait and see. Also, we're not expecting it to get worse. But marginally, it's a similar story, although a very different end customer base. We are expecting modest recovery, but we're watching it closely. And at the end of the day, with Europe, this has been a benign macro environment for a decade, maybe more. But -- and our teams have shown the ability to do what they need to do from a positive mix, a positive price and importantly, a structural cost standpoint to deliver earnings and cash even in that very benign environment. So, sum it all up, Q1 was worse than we expected in those couple of businesses. We are expecting sequentially incremental improvements, which will give us good leverage and -- but we are watching it closely, and if we don't see what we need to see, we will take further structural cost actions.
Timothy Knavish: Yes. So Ryan, the question on pricing, again, we'll continue to execute as we always have in Refinish as I described. But all across performance, we deliver a value proposition that's far beyond the tin of paint. And that's what enables us to continue to offset things like wage inflation, which are higher than we expected. Things that -- offset things like logistics expenses, which are higher than we expected. And that's because we typically supply very advanced technologies in our own products, but then additional services and tools to help the customer beyond what's inside the can of paint. So we expect to get price in Refinish, you'll see incremental price in Aerospace. We expect it in parts of PMC, where we have some really good sustainable solutions for our customers that they're very interested in. And so, we really expected to see almost across the whole portfolio of Performance Coatings.
Timothy Knavish: Hi, Laurent. Thanks. Sure, there was an impact -- some impact on COVID. But Automotive was a big driver. We expect that to continue. We're expecting double digit, high single-digit kind of growth again in Q2 from automotive. Industrial Coatings grew in China for us and we expect that to continue. Refinish, grew in China and we expect that to continue. So it's really -- we've been maybe more confident than others on China for the last several quarters and that is actually playing out as we expected. So I don't think you're going to see overnight going back to the growth rates of five to 10 years ago, but we remain confident in continuous growth in China.
Timothy Knavish: Yes. Thanks, Arun. It's Tim. You're reading the second half, I think, correctly. But Q2, one adjustment, you said price up, volume flat. We're actually expecting more price flat volume up. Some of that because of what Vince talked about earlier, we still have a little bit of carryover of price negativity from that European energy cost pricing from last year. So Q2 price flat volume up and the rest of the year, I think you described it well is that we'll see volume growth momentum moving through Q3 and Q4.
Timothy Knavish: Yes, Josh, actually, it's a little bit flip flop because Mexico, while it had another great quarter from a kind of sales and earnings standpoint as well as cash, the Easter impact in Mexico was more of an impact than it was up here. It's a really important holiday for our friends in Mexico. And we actually had decent performance in our architectural U.S. business versus last year and versus the kind of market. We're confident that we gained share in 2023 and we saw that momentum continuing into Q1. And all on the pro side, though, Josh, DIY remains soft, but we did see a good performance. The way we look at our Pro business now with what we're doing between our own network, our partner, Home Depot and our many good partners across the private dealer channel, we look at it in totality. And despite all the negative macros, all the negative news as recently as this week on housing, we were up low single digits for the architectural U.S. business. On the Pro -- I'm sorry, that's on the Pro side.
Timothy Knavish: Yes, Mike, I was just there. I just got back a couple of weeks ago and it was fascinating. I've been going to India for 25 years and there was always a lot of talk of improvements in infrastructure and public investment and growth. It's happening now. It is actually happening. It's very noticeable. If you go regularly, you will see a big difference there. A lot more cranes, a lot more highways being constructed, trains, airports. We've got a very good position there, mostly on Automotive, Industrial and Refinish and all of those businesses are growing. And we feel really good about the growth trajectory going forward. Now it is not in our top five countries today. But the reason that we've started to highlight it is, one, we do have a very good position there. And for the first time in a long time, we see real tangible industrial production and infrastructure growth on the ground.
Timothy Knavish: Sure. Thanks, Laurence. The volatility, the cyclicality, the seasonality are factors, of course. But I would say the number 1 and number 2 factors are, does it improve our overall organic growth profile on a on a long-term basis for the company? And does it improve our overall margin profile? So those are our first two factors. And then if we can do it without adding cyclicality and seasonality even better. To the first part of your question, clearly, architectural U.S. Canada is one of our more highly seasonal businesses. So if we do separate entirely from that business, you can visualize the outcome there. And I would say the silicas business does have some cyclicality to it, because part of that business is tied to auto OEM production in tires, but only a portion of that business, other parts of it are tied to automotive aftermarket and tires. Other parts are tied to battery separators, consumer electronics. So I would say it will have some impact, but not enough that it's going to, I think, affect your modeling of how you might model the company in its entirety from a cyclicality standpoint.
Vincent Morales: Hey, Ghansham, this is Vince. Just as we talked, strong balance sheet in our full year guide. We don't have any further cash deployment baked in at this point, as we alluded to in our press release, we did purchase about $150 million of shares in the first quarter. But our full year guide does not assume additional cash deployment at this point. In the remainder of the year we'll make those decisions on a real-time basis.
Vincent Morales: Yes. Let me just do the math. This is Vince, John. Let me do the math on the pricing. Again, we had in Q1 on a year-over-year basis, European energy surcharge is really reflecting the high cost of natural gas in Europe last year. That was about $15 million on a year-over-year basis. As you alluded to, John, that was completely offset an exact pass-through in our cost of goods sold. But if you're looking myopically at the price line, that's about $15 million and we have about half of that carryover in Q2. So $6 million, $7 million in Q2. We still have an energy surcharge impact. Excluding that, I would exclude that as what would be our structural pricing. And Tim is going to answer the raw's question.
Vincent Morales: Duffy, this is Vince. You stated it properly. We obviously purchased $150 million in the first quarter. That will obviously be impactful to the financials. We have nothing further assumed in our full year guide for the balance of the year.
Vincent Morales: Yes. Chris, this is Vince. If you think about the remaining portfolio, the businesses, we have the right to win in the businesses, whether it be on a regional basis or on a global basis. As you alluded to in your question, most of these businesses have strong technology associated with them. We've talked earlier in our comments about the margin profile, if absent these businesses that we're doing a strategic review on, which again would be higher on a pro forma basis. So again, the right to win, good margins, good customer pull, those are the things that we're focused on with respect to the portfolio.
Vincent Morales: Yes, Patrick, this is Vince. A couple of things. One, we did have some capital spending spillover from last year into this year, just things we didn't get to at the tail end of last year. So our Q1 capital a little higher. We're also looking at additional growth-related capital spending in Mexico and also in India. But if you look, and we said this on our Q1 call or our year-end call as well, we're going to be somewhere in that 2.5% to 3%. And -- over the midterm. We still have some additional capital last year, this year, and we're catching up from COVID. So again, we're a little bit higher. We recognize that in our January call. But again, over the midterm, you should expect us to return to our normal range.
Vincent Morales: No. These are -- these investments are things such as digital, as Tim alluded to, with respect to our consumer-facing businesses. Also with respect to Refinish, we're building out digital tools that increase our customer liaisons. We have other investments in COMEX where we're delivering -- we've had multiple quarters of record earnings. Our Protective business, we're adding some capacity, strong protective business. We still have some infrastructure spending that has not yet hit the books, but we're building in anticipation of that. And even in Aerospace, where we have a backlog that we -- that continues to grow, we're adding some capacity there to try to work at that backlog and get to it in a much more expedient manner. So those are examples. If you look at our overheads up, that's something where some of the growth spending is a result of that -- overhead a result of that growth spending.
Vincent Morales: Yes. And Vincent, this is Vince. Just a point of clarification. The claim data, Tim referred to, these are industry claims, which are down again low double digits. The current reading was down low double digits for the month of March. So these are industry collision claims that set the entire industry.
Vincent Morales: Jeff, this is Vince. In terms of share repo, obviously, your numbers are accurate, in terms of the last several years. Again, we've gone -- if you look over a longer time horizon, there's been times where we've done minimal share repurchases for consecutive number of years. Typically, when we're more active in M&A, there's been times where we've done a large portion of share repurchases over a couple of series of years when the M&A market is not as robust, and we have excess cash or excess balance sheet capacity. When you look -- we do calculate what we think is our intrinsic value of our stock price. We do feel that with the 10% growth rate we have going forward in our estimates, there are times where it's an imperative for us to look at share repo as an option. As Tim said, we have a prioritized list of cash deployment. And again, dividend, keeping the businesses healthy with CapEx. We look at M&A and then we look at the intrinsic value of the stock based on our assessment and that's how we effectuate the cash deployment.
Vincent Morales: Yes. And Kevin, this is Vince. I'll just add a point on architectural. As Tim mentioned, lower than our expectations in Q1, largely attributed to March. If you look at our performance through the first two months of the year, so Jan, Feb, that business was on our targets. We do feel there was a bigger Easter impact that we're seeing, again, a snapback at least early in April in that business.
Vincent Morales: Yes. I'll take the end of that, Michael, because our assumption is we're going to continue to work down. We have excess inventory relative to our history. We're going to continue to work that down, especially as we're in this peak production season that Tim alluded to earlier. We're probably carrying four to five days of excess inventory versus history. All of that's in raw materials. . And we've made progress. We were at 10 days at 1 point last year. So we're about halfway through our journey. We hope to take another bite out of that in Q2, a sizable bite in Q2. And then for the balance of the year, continue to be prudent in our purchases and that should generate a positive working capital on a year-over-year basis -- working capital impact on a year-over-year basis on free cash flow. In terms of our purchases, as I said, the opening -- or as Tim said in the opening remarks, most of our suppliers have excess supply, this is a market that is advantage for us, and we'll continue to push that. But again, our intention is to work down raw materials in concert with the peak season.
Vincent Morales: Yes. And just a couple of other data points. Our Aerospace business is doing well there. The Chinese New Year brought about record travel in the country. And again, industrial activity there for our set of products and our set of businesses, we expect to remain strong.
Vincent Morales: And Mike, what's fostering that is we are seeing a significant amount of reshoring in Asia to India. The economy there is growing as robustly as Mexico. And again, that's driving that industrial activity.
Vincent Morales: Yes, Laurence, Vince, just a reminder, as we said in February, this has a multiple hundred basis point impact on sales volume improvement. If you do a pro forma basis. But again, looking at that for a period of time, it's not significant in terms of cyclicality.
