John Bruno: Thank you, Jamie, and good afternoon, everyone. Once again, this is John Bruno, Director of Investor Relations. We appreciate your continued interest in PPG and welcome you to our second quarter 2018 financial results conference call. Joining me on the call from PPG are, Michael McGarry, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Vince Morales, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our comments relate to the financial information released on Thursday, July 19, 2018. I will remind everyone that we have posted detailed commentary and associated presentation slides on the Investors center of our website, ppg.com. The slides are also available on the webcast site for this call and provide additional support to the opening comments Michael will make shortly. Following Michael’s perspective on the company’s results for the quarter, we will move to a Q&A session. Both the prepared commentary and discussion during this call may contain forward-looking statements, reflecting the company’s current view of future events and their potential effect on PPG’s operating and financial performance. These statements involve uncertainties and risk, which may cause actual results to differ. The company is under no obligation to provide subsequent updates to these forward-looking statements. This presentation also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The company has provided in the appendix of the presentation materials, which are available on our website, reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. For additional information, please refer to PPG’s filings with the SEC. Now, let me introduce PPG Chairman and CEO, Michael McGarry.
John Bruno: Yes, Kevin this is John. So for the second half of the year we'd be looking at between 75 million and 90 million for both quarters. Yeah, I think as you go into next year, I think the run rate will come down from 2016. So I think a lot of people have been looking at 2016 run rate. And through a lot of efforts but different actions whether it's benefits and pensions or through workforce reductions we have a lower base now. So I expect our run rate going forward to be lower as well.
John Bruno: Kevin, John again. So let's talk about the 2016 program. We have most of those actions are done. So now we're realizing the benefits. And that's working out to be a $13 million to $15 million quarter benefit. Per quarter that should sustain itself into Q1 of next year. The new program has started. We're going as fast as we can with the program. Probably be at a full run rate early 2019, but really a significant contribution as we get into Q4 on that program as well.
John Bruno: Right, Patrick so this is John, so the 120 to 150 range represents the net impact so it would be the loss at Lowe's and the gains at Home Depot and it would be off of our expected revenue, total revenue for the company.
John Bruno: We typically don't provide our business unit details below the reporting segment. Again as Michael alluded to, we have very large customers in that segment, global customers. They're typically good at deferring price increases. We're starting to get traction as you see in the numbers now. We expect that to continue.
John Bruno: Vincent it was - this is John. It was mostly related to Mexico and the U.S. And so specific to those businesses and probably total revenue 50 basis points or less.
John Bruno: Thanks, Jamie. I'd like to thank everyone for your time and interest in PPG. If you have any further questions please contact Investor Relations. This concludes our second quarter earnings call.
Michael McGarry: Well let's start with the easy one first. We have price increases announced in the second quarter and we are evaluating and will be announcing further increases as we speak. So that's the easy one. The pressure on raw materials think about propylene as a significant driver of that. So you have emulsions up. That's a significant one. Of course you got the fact relates up then you have the pressure coming from the higher oil prices that's impacting solvents. And then we have packaging cost are also up. And then my favorite of course is epoxy. So those are all ones that we're feeling pressure. The good news is for a number of these things we're taking actions. So whether it's a TiO2 or we're trying to optimize the formulas and I mentioned earlier 1% lower consumption packaging where we're looking at how do we optimize our packages, that one as well. So I would say those are the primary pinch points Christopher.
Michael McGarry: First of all, I don't know that we are growing anything, but at the market rate. I think if you look in our presentation where we have the heat chart you will see that where we color coded ourselves at market for U.S. So that would be my first comment. I think this trend of strong performance in the stores. As you know, this has been a multiyear effort to close the gap in that area. And the team has worked really hard to close that gap and we're getting price. The market is strong. And of course, the shift from DIY to do it for me is what's really driving why the trade business is outperforming the DIY business.
Michael McGarry: I would say that is certainly one significant factor. You got to be epoxies that are in there as well, and so when you look at the raw material basket. And of course, the other factor is, it's much more difficult to get price with our global large OEM customers. And although, we are starting to get it, it lags the other businesses. So we’re -- you can see how we in Performance Coatings side that gap has closed much quicker than the gap on the Industrial Coatings segment.
Michael McGarry: John for us probably the more sensitive and direct one is what we call tinplate. So you can imagine a lot of tin goes into paint cans. And so that's the one that we're watching most closely with respect to the tariffs that are announced.
Michael McGarry: Well, I would tell you that the - our Asian customers are willing to send messages much more frequently than our U.S. and European customers. So even though they are switching costs, sometimes they'll want to punish you. As you know, we've had five quarters in a row of price increases. So one of the reasons why our volume was up this quarter is people have stopped punishing in us. But in Asia that – some of that behavior still exists.
Michael McGarry: Well, first, I think it's too early to call because we're going to continue to prioritize margin recovery. Second, I think, we're going to be a little bit hampered as we tried to explain in the prepared commentary that the impact of the customer assortment change at Lowe’s. But by and large, we do see more customers taking price. We see more of our – more of the market talking the same need, have margin recovery. So there should be less opportunity for people to shift volumes around to take advantage of, what I would call, salespeople who aren't paying attention.
Michael McGarry: Well, again, I would say that's a little bit choppy. So we've done exceptionally well. If you go back the last three, four, five years in the U.K., we had a little bit of a setback in the Benelux when the people that were not maintaining the – there's a large rental market in the Benelux and they've kind of prioritize cash recovery for a while. Now they're back painting. So we do see fairly decent growth there. The Eastern Europe, I would say, is slightly better. The big challenge is, France is our biggest market by far, Bob. And retail is soft. And the one thing I would tell you is, I was just over there a month or so ago and I saw more cranes over in Paris than I've seen in a long time. Consumer sentiment is up. I've been joking with my friends over there, the French one, the World Cup, hopefully that will take them to spend a little more money. But we do have to recognize that there is some portion of our business that people have a choice at where to spend their discretionary dollars. And right now they're much more focus on experiences than they are in home improvement, unlike in the U.S. where you're getting a pretty significant return on your investment when you put your money in your house. So I don't - I haven't given up. So if your question is, have I given up? The answer is absolutely not. And the good news is we're doing pretty well earnings wise. We just need to continue to capture our fair share.
Michael McGarry: Well I do think price is accelerating. And I think that's a reasonable assumption to make. And I do think that there's more to be asked for and gotten in this marketplace. When we think about the logistics now we stack logistics cost on top of raw material cost. So our sales teams are heavily focused on that capture.
Michael McGarry: Well I certainly would like to see that. I'm confident that team recognizes the importance of getting price first. So I would say your conclusions are probably accurate.
Michael McGarry: So there's no question that there's raw material pressure in architectural U.S. And the other one is logistics cost. And that's not just from our D.C. our customers but also for our plans starting D.C. So you've got two levels of logistics cost in there. So we are actively evaluating the appropriate timing for that. We're not in a position that we can talk about that. But that is under active evaluation. As far as the store expansions we are selective in that. So we've added in the markets that we're best in. So I think about the Texas market that's an area that we've continuing to invest in. But we're selective on where we're doing that. And we will do that on an as needed basis. Obviously we're more aggressive in Canada where we're the market leader. And we're less aggressive in certain segments where we're far away from the market leader. 
Michael McGarry: Well I think we've talked about TiO2 moderating. So I think that one we see supply increasing in TiO2. So I think that's -- we're pretty consistent on that. The propylene one though is a bit of a concern for us. If you look at propylene in the U.S. it's up 28% year-over-year in the U.S. and 30% year over year in Asia. So there are still more pricing pressure likely to come through in anything that touches propylene.
Michael McGarry: Yes. I think you answered your own question. So we're always trying to keep our powder dry so that we can do acquisitions. And we're always looking at the pipeline we would prefer to do acquisitions. That's number one in our target list. But if we can't do it we're not going to let the cash sit on the balance sheet. So we're going to put it to work. So I think that's how we're looking at it.
Michael McGarry: Well, it's certainly not the magnitude of the raw material increases, right? But it's an adder. So if you think about high jumping let's add another foot to the high jump bar and all our customers are impacted by that. Some of them can argue, well, we don't oil we don't buy this and you should offset the raw materials. Well, I can assure there's no customer that isn't impacted by logistics increases. So that makes some of the selling argument that we have out there easier to sell because they can't deny that.
Michael McGarry: So the first question is, it is permanent and it is how you formulate the paint. So unless you're a paint chemist, I'm not sure you fully understand the way we're doing it. But it is the spacing of the TiO2 within the formulation. So if you want more chemistry lesson I'll get you in here with our Chief Technology Officer. But the bottom line is, it is permanent and this is something that we're working on. We have a number of suppliers that supply us other raw material ingredients that are dedicated to helping us work on the TiO2 spacing, and you have the hiding as well. And so they are also working on the hiding. So these are all things that the team is working actively on.
Michael McGarry: So I guess, P.J., we have not seen that initiative. Any of these single raw material initiatives have not really been successful. What's more successful is if you tie a basket, where all the basket goes up, where all the basket goes down and then netting of that basket. And so we have a number of different pricing mechanisms with our customers. And they're all unique to the marketplace so that we try to work collaboratively with our customers to get the price. And some customers wanted in fashion A and some wanted in fashion B. and some wanted in C and D. So we try to be unique with our customers, but this single thing of like a single TiO2 doesn't typically work, whereas a freight surcharge might be something that would take some -- might be beneficial, but that's generally not the way we do it.
Michael McGarry: No. We've not seen it and it's all going to be the tariff related. Right now through the first to whatever it is, 18 days, the sales reports that I’ve seen for China. They're having July very similar to the second quarter. And so we're just on the lookout for that. 
Michael McGarry: And just to make sure you're clear on that. So the second quarter, you have the big box of building inventory and independent of paint season. And now they had their inventory, they're going to go work through the inventory to see how the year goes as they’re – so they’re ordering less as the quarter goes on. In regards to the formulations, every year one of our scientists that's working on our formulations are encouraged to look at the total cost of the formulation. And so whether that's optimizing the TiO2, the solvent blend, the resin or how do they get more solid in a coating versus the alternative. All those things, packaging, how can they deliver more active ingredients in a package versus less? So there's multiple different ways to look at it. And we don't mandate only TiO2 where – looking at the total cost of the formulation.
Michael McGarry: Well the first one is retail Europe will be the highest one. The next one would be Brexit. The next one would probably be, I would say the uncertainty around China. We're not seeing that yet. So it's probably a guesstimate at this point in time. But when I look at the other businesses I mean PMC is at a cyclical low. And so that's probably not going to get anything but better from this point on. Aerospace continue to perform well. Refinish continues to perform well. Surprisingly, the OEM automotive had a good first half of the year, slightly better than expectations. And we see no reason why the second half will continue. The only negative there of course is whether or not people were trying to buy ahead of the tariffs right, so we won't know that just yet. But we still see more transitions to our packaging of INNOVEL products, so there's still more gains we have there and our industrial business continues to perform well. I guess the main ones are China retail and Brexit.
Michael McGarry: No industry change. Clearly there's probably more people focused on cash right now. And because of that they're making certain decisions. For us, we're going to be in this business for a long, long time. And so we're prioritizing the margin recovery. I don't think there's been any change though.
Michael McGarry: Well, private equity is really not a factor in this space. They can't match synergies that the strategics can bring to the table. So we do get outdated at times and that's a fact of life. We're going to remain disciplined. But we do know what's in our pipeline and we are certainly actively engaged with a number of people. The biggest challenge is what I talked about on the first quarter were the bid and ask had widened because of raw material inflation. So they're not getting their margins back and they want to get paid on let's call it their best 12 months in the last 36 as opposed we want to pay on the current performance. So that's what the bid and ask differential is.
Michael McGarry: Yes there's two primary factor that drove that. One is we still having our numbers in Australia where there was still an operating plant a year ago. And then the other one is our share in Korea. As you know the Korean business is significantly impacted. And so that's it. If we drew our box around India and China we're doing very, very well and I have absolutely no concerns. So it's really those two factors that are driving that.
Michael McGarry: We have absolutely no idea what the SEC timing will be and we won't be able to share anything until it was finalized anyway. So we'll be totally transparent whenever we can be. But right now we have no insight into what they're thinking.
Vincent Morales: And about last one is packaging. Christopher, I'll tell you this is Vince. Packaging business for us as I know you know has been a increase good performer as we introduce our BPA-NI technologies further. We continue to outperform the market up mid-single digits this quarter, market that's low-single digits. We expect that to continue. We're in the middle innings of a BPA conversion process. So we still feel there's good runway left.
Vincent Morales: David this is Vince. Walking around numbers certainly more than half close to two-thirds would have been allocated to support what I would call our not only our customer assortment change, but look at geographically our U.S. business. And the remainder would be rest of world. We won't break it any finer than that. But we are battling, as you know David, raw material inflation everywhere. So rest of world we're trying to offset that with pricing and the lever obviously is with efficiency and cost. And then again, the portion for the U.S. would be split between our architecture business and other businesses.
Vincent Morales: That said, John I'll just reiterate what Michael said. We're out with customer increases -- or excuse me, selling price increases to our customers in Q3. Certainly, a portion of those are pointed at our Industrial segment and the businesses within that segment. And then we're comfortable, we'll get traction with some of those certainly increases.
Vincent Morales: Well, the miles driven is only up like 0.2%. And typically miles driven is more driven by the economy and employment. So this is a clear sign that people Ubering around and taking shared vehicles and public transportation and that as having a slightly, I would say, very modest impact on miles driven. Collision claims, I would say, is much more cyclical. So you should have less accidents during the summer than you will have during the winter. And, of course, we will start to see the impact to some of my favorite activity, which is hail, which doesn't hurt anybody but yet leads to a lot of opportunities for our refinish business. So that would be something that you'll have some offsetting that's a positive during the August/September timeframe.
Vincent Morales: And Frank I think our - as Michael said in our prepared remarks, we generally feel the economies around the world are pretty healthy. And we think there will be so in Q3, obviously depending upon global trade discussions. So right now, we're running at a fairly good clip in most of our end-use markets.
Vincent Morales: Yes, Jeff I think your numbers are fair. The biggest cash use we have is the first six months of the year, even though our working capital as a percentage of sales is even with last year, our sales are up, so we actually have more working capital in terms of dollars. And that's by far that's the biggest use of cash year-over-year but your numbers are accurate.
Vincent Morales: As I think you're aware, Jeff the last three years we've shaved roughly 100 basis points off of our working capital as a percent of sales. And some of those years we were growing sales. So that was – the big contributor was the 100 basis point reduction. That's still our target this year. And again I think that will be a – that will allow us to grow our operating cash flow higher than our earnings to your point.
Vincent Morales: Patrick this is Vince. As Michael said, we're prioritizing selling prices in the region over volume. There is a marginal volume that are going to folks who are not following the same philosophy as us and as you know, particular because you live in the region, that there are several much smaller players in the region than you'd find versus the U.S. market, so there are folks who are willing to take substandard profitability business.
Vincent Morales: Don I'm going to take this. For us we're looking at the reported segment margin which Michael has alluded to. That would include pricing actions but also the cost actions that John mentioned. So it will be accumulative of both of those to get us on a reported segment business on a flat year-over-year. 
Vincent Morales: It's too early to call 2019 Don. We're tracking the Q4 reported segment margins flat and that would include some benefit from items below gross margin.
Vincent Morales: And Steve we said all quarter the very active pipeline in the coatings space. There's certainly in our mind going to be deals done this year whether we're the one who tracks the deals are not or remains to be seen. We're going to be remain disciplined but it's an active pipeline right now.
Vincent Morales: Well, yes, again, a number we typically don't like to give out John. It certainly in the single-digits, call it mid-single digits as a percent of sales. We kind of give you some kind of guardrails. Right now, it's up a double-digit percent as most companies are seeing.
Vincent Morales: If the two net it out, I think we'd be having a different dialog right now John. We're still climbing the hill to get the raw materials back with price. As you pointed out, we made good progress, good traction, but we still got more work to do. And then as Michael mentioned, we're stacking down on top of that freight. Some of that freight goes into the growth profit line so that might be another element for you to consider, but we have more work to do.
Vincent Morales: So Laurence, I'll answer the first one and Mike will take the second one. The numbers we gave you with respect to the customer assortment change in seasonality, you should take the seasonality effect first and then take the map on the customer assortment change after that.
Vincent Morales: And Laurence, just to your question on overall innovation. I think it dovetails -- the -- we have formulators who do this. That's cannibalization of an existing product. We preferred to be in certainly a much more raw material environment and we can their resources to creating new-to-world-type products. So this is cannibalizing from our ability to spend as much R&D as we would on innovation. We also have process or process innovation teams who try to allow us to produce this in a more efficient manner. So from a manufacturing perspective they work on that as well.
