Charles E. Bunch: Okay, Kevin. What we expect in the second half of this year -- we have absorbed a higher raw material cost in the first and second quarters. In the second half, we expect this trend to now stabilize with some declines in raw material prices by region and by commodity that will offset some of the price increases that we received in raw materials in the first half. In regards to the TiO2 pricing, we continue to see more favorable supply-demand environment and depending on the region, some changes in pricing for TiO2. In Asia, as we've commented in earlier calls, we have actually seen price declines in Asia in TiO2 pricing. That's versus not only the first half but also, in 2011. In Europe, we're seeing now not only stability, but some declines in the second half that we're anticipating even though we may be paying more in the second half of this year than we paid in the second half of 2011. And in North America, we're seeing stability around price trends going forward into the second half, albeit we are paying more today than we were in the second half of 2011, and prices for the second half in North America are still under discussion with our suppliers.
Charles E. Bunch: We're still pursuing acquisitions in all regions and in all segments of the business, and we think that it is a more fertile opportunity for us in these changing economic conditions. But at this point, we do not have any imminent announcements for transactions. But we are continuing to pursue those across the board in our businesses.
Charles E. Bunch: If you look at Asia, but in particular, our biggest market there is China. The strongest growth rates that we have seen have been in the automotive OEM coatings. Auto refinish has also been strong, as has packaging coatings. We're still seeing growth in our Industrial Coatings segment, although there are some end-use markets in Industrial Coatings that are not as strong. And in particular, I think the weakness that we have seen in China, but we've also seen it elsewhere in Asia. The Construction markets have slowed down there, and so both in Architectural but also, Industrial or other segments -- subsegments that are tied to the construction businesses, we have seen a slowdown in volume in China and more broadly, in Asia.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, we think, in part, there was a strong restocking trend in the first quarter that we talked about that really boosted our results there, and I think what you're seeing now in the second quarter, and it could have a little longer duration, is a weakness in some of the consumer markets, especially in Europe, especially in markets in southern Europe. And I think some caution on the part of our customers in Optical business to carry inventories with their concern over economic conditions over the next few quarters.
Charles E. Bunch: John, I would say that we are working on the restructuring program that we identified or outlined in the first quarter. I would say that we're on pace there. But by and large, the benefits that we're seeing here in the second quarter in our European architectural businesses are, I think, coming from good operations, no volume growth but slightly improved pricing and good operating discipline. We are starting to see the impact of some of the cost reduction, and that will be a little larger in the second half and into next year. But I would say it's too early, certainly, in the second quarter to have that really be measurable.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, the North American volume gains for our automotive coatings business have been very strong, and I would say that you have 2 effects. You have the market recovery. So we're seeing and we have been seeing this year 15% to 20% volume improvements in North America in overall builds. Some of that being helped by a year-earlier comparisons. Remember, we had the effect of the Japanese earthquake and tsunami that really restricted some of the production in the second quarter of last year. But I would say that our strength in North America has been across the board. Yes, a recovery with the Japanese-based OEM manufacturers, but clearly we're seeing, I think, a general improvement in the overall automotive OEM market, the tsunami recovery. And actually something that we've talked about in a number of earlier calls where you're seeing more production moved here to North America, both on the part of the Japanese-based manufacturers, but the Koreans are now producing here. And we've seen solid growth in North American manufacturing for the European-based companies, such as the Germans, the BMWs, Mercedes, VW, they're all here now and ramping up production. So I think you have the effect -- all 3 of those effects. I would say our improvement is more tied to those improvements. We think we'll get share, certainly our share and probably more as we move through this cycle. But I think it is the overall improvement in the business that we're benefiting from in North America.
Charles E. Bunch: Our view is that, obviously, the first quarter had strong growth year-over-year. We talked about some of the seasonality, the better weather, the caution at the end of last year around inventories. So the first quarter was stronger in terms of overall volume growth. But we've seen volume growth here in North America in the second quarter, and I would say we haven't seen any pullback or correction over the last few weeks or the last month. I would say it's been pretty steady growth even if it's not at the same level that we saw in a year-over-year basis in the first quarter.
Charles E. Bunch: We said we identified for this year a 4% to 6% reduction in TiO2 consumption on a similar-volume basis. Over the first half, we were a little over 2% in terms of our more efficient use of TiO2 in our formulation, so we're on track. We're still focused on this area even if the supply-demand and pricing environment has stabilized, but we're still focused. And these projects are still delivering, so so we think that we'll be within that range in terms of overall improvement in productivity for our use of TiO2.
Charles E. Bunch: We're -- as I said in my earlier comments, we're in discussion right now on TiO2 pricing here in North America with our suppliers. And at this point, I don't have any further commentary on the outcomes. They're still undecided.
Charles E. Bunch: The other complicating factor in there, Jeff, is currency conversion, and cost of sales went down in part because the weakened currencies abroad, and we brought those back. And then that affected, basically, every line of the income statement. We did still see, on an inflationary perspective, somewhere in the 3% to 5% inflation range versus last year, which was fairly consistent with the first quarter for coatings raw material input costs.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, Don, as you said, in the second quarter of last year, we did have a pipeline fill for Olympic ONE. So I would say that it is difficult for us to determine exactly what the share position has been for us in the channels. We haven't seen all of the reports out. I would say that as we looked -- this year, we've had a very strong exterior stain year. We've seen volume recovery in every channel. So we're up mid-single digits in terms of volume in our channels -- all our channels, if you exclude this pipeline fill for Olympic ONE in -- at Lowe's or in the national account channel. So we feel we had good volume growth. We haven't seen everything out there yet in terms of our customers and some of our competitors. So I would say it's too early for us to comment, but we have seen a nice volume improvement. The business is, I think, showing some good momentum, and we're pleased with the pace of our performance here in the architectural business.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, we wouldn't comment on how volume is going between price points or we just feel that Olympic ONE has been well received by both our direct customers and the consumers. They're seeing the value in the product and the way it's been positioned and marketed. We think it's a great can of paint, and so I would say that, right now, it's clearly a strong positive for our business.
Charles E. Bunch: For us, again, share, on a short-term basis, is harder for us to track in this business. I would say that if you looked at regionally for packaging coatings, the strongest region, by far, is the Asian, so our Asian business, in particular China. Europe overall has not been as strong. We haven't seen volume growth there. But again, one of the big development opportunities is the BPA non-intend or BPA-free coatings in our food and beverage can businesses. And here, we think we're making excellent progress in terms of our products and their qualification, and I think this will be an opportunity for us to grow the packaging coatings space here in the near term and in the years to come because we're really providing a solution now for our customers because many of the consumers are more concerned about BPA in food and beverage coatings. And we are providing a real technological solution, which is one of the hallmarks for PPG and one of the things that we feel we do best.
Charles E. Bunch: For us, European OEM production was the weakest end-use market or region. It's both the weakest end-use market in Europe, but it was also the weakest region and really the biggest decline. So we were looking at mid- to high-single digit declines in automotive production in Europe. That wasn't in every country or among every producer, and clearly, the Germans had showed more strength than the non-German-based producers. We had some markets in addition to Germany that were stronger, Russia and the U.K. But we saw weakness in what we would call southern Europe, and the majority of the declines in the OEM build rates were among, let's call them, the mid-tier or the middle market producers in Europe. But certainly, it was a very weak market in the first and second quarter of this year.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, we saw, in many of our markets, including the auto OEM market that we just talked about, that the second quarter was as weak or actually slightly weaker than the first quarter. The third quarter is a little more problematic, especially at this time of the summer, to determine what are the actual trends. You got vacation season in July and August, can be difficult months to gauge volume trends. So right now, we feel it's too early to say. But we do not feel, with the information that we have, that these volume declines are accelerating from what we saw in a fairly weak second quarter. But we'll be in a better position to follow these trends in Europe as we get into September and October. But we have not seen any change for the worse in this early part of the third quarter.
Charles E. Bunch: Yes, we said that, with the exception of the pipeline fill we had last year with the new product introduction in the national accounts channel. But excluding that, volume trends were similar across the channels.
Charles E. Bunch: In terms of our channel strategy, if you look on a global basis, we have a strong store and dealer network in Europe. And there with volume trends -- we're committed to the channel. It's been as you've seen. Our results have been, we think, very good under what have been difficult economic circumstances, so good performance there. So we're still committed to the -- to that store channel and our relationships with the independent dealers here in North America. We are participating in all 3 channels. We think that there are customers that are best served in each one of these channels that we participate in and that we would -- we expect to continue our participation and growth in all 3 channels here in North America.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, we think that the weather in Europe has kind of been the reverse of what we've experienced here with all this hot, dry weather here. They have had a colder, rainier summer. We think it may have had some impact, although, arguably, we've probably seen more of an impact in Europe from just the challenging economic conditions. But weather may have been a factor in terms of some of the volume weakness that we have. But it's really difficult for us to determine that.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, in Argentina, for those of you who haven't followed it, they have changed a number of their economic policies. And in fact, if you're bringing in material into Argentina now, you need an import license. Previously, you had that southern cone of South America that was operating as a free-trade zone, so in our businesses, we had focused many of our production and manufacturing activities in Brazil. And we were, let's call it, a net importer into Argentina across many of our businesses. We have one manufacturing facility in Argentina, but by and large, in refinish in particular, we were a net importer. And with these new government policies, then you had to apply for an import license, so that had the effect in the second quarter of really slowing things down because you had to take the additional step then of asking for, in effect, permission to bring in goods from outside of Argentina, whether it was Brazil or outside of South America. And that delay in approvals, especially with the rapid change of the policy, I think a lot of manufacturers were caught offguard. And I think the government was initially not prepared to handle the volume of requests. So we saw, in the second quarter, our volumes declined, especially in those businesses like refinish, where we were bringing in most of the material from outside the country. What has happened subsequently here in July, over the last few weeks, I think the government is catching up now with a lot of the permitting requests. We are getting approvals now, and we see that balancing out over the coming quarters. So we think that it will not have the same negative impact that we certainly saw in the second quarter for our Argentinian business.
Charles E. Bunch: We have not seen -- again, we're a very small player through a joint venture in Italy. You're saying, that was China or...
Charles E. Bunch: In China, we are, again, a small player. We saw things stabilize for our business, but because we are relatively small, I'm not sure that you can take trends in our business to be an overall indicator. But what we see generally is that there's not any significant improvement in volumes in the construction industry in China. In fact, as we look at some of our other industrial businesses that touch on construction markets, those have been -- they continued weak in the second quarter, and we did not see any improvement as we went through that first half of the year.
Charles E. Bunch: The flat glass business did improve over the second quarter of last year. We saw, however, weakness in our fiberglass business now in 2 specific areas. Remember, this is more of a global business than our flat glass business, which is North American commercial construction-related. So we had some weakness in fiberglass in our European region. And also, we participate in a joint venture in Asia that is primarily a printed circuit board into the electronics market, and there, we did see weakness in the electronics or consumer electronics space that affected our fiberglass business, in addition to that European weakness.
Charles E. Bunch: We're still seeing growth globally. Again, we were up some 5% globally. We still see good strength here in North America, as we've been talking about. Japan is rebounding from the tsunami effects of the second quarter of last year. China, although it's not the double-digit growth that we've seen over the last few years, we're up 5% to 7%, and sales have been solid in China. Europe is the weakest link, and we've talked about mid- to higher-single digit declines in the European automotive production. And I would -- we haven't seen any deterioration from what's arguably a fairly weak level. And in South America, the volumes have weakened there as well. That's not the biggest market. And if you look at Mexico, they're up significantly because they're more tied to the North American production, and they're really participating in this plus-20% kind of growth that we've seen. So I would say, overall, we still feel good about the automotive OEM market, with the caveat that we've got a couple of weak regions.
Charles E. Bunch: I would say, in general, Industrial Coatings is a fairly broad-based reporting segment in terms of end-use markets. So automotive, we've -- automotive parts that are part of industrial, they will track what we've just talked about in OEM production. We see some recovery in kind of the industrial production indicators and some markets, though tied to construction outside of North America. So all the construction-related markets for -- including coil and extrusion for industrial in North America, are pretty solid, but outside, fairly weak. Consumer electronics has been weaker in Asia. That's primarily an Asian story. So it is a mix with, again, more of a regional flavor, with things in North America working pretty well to varying degrees across the different end-use markets. And outside of North America then, you get into just about everything, and Europe is weaker to some degree. Asia, it's mixed by end-use market, so it just depends. And industrial probably touches almost every end-use market that we participate in. And so I would say those trends are confirmed for that business, as well as overall for the company.
Charles E. Bunch: Yes, if we -- I would just clarify the question in the terms that we didn't see as much sales growth in that business unit. But from an overall profitability and margin performance, they had a very strong second quarter in Optical and Specialty Materials. In the Optical business, again, some weaker volume and currency trends were working against the business in markets like Europe or even in South America. We think that there is caution in the customer base, again, focused on Europe and some of the other markets where the volume trends probably are going to -- the growth, we think, will be lower as we try to get through some of these more challenging economic conditions in some of the regions. So I would say that we may continue to have, for a short period of time, maybe another quarter or so of reduced growth expectations. But we still feel good about the business and the other segments in specialty materials, including our precipitated silica business. The optical materials business and the Teslin inorganic printing material business had very solid quarters as well, so they were key contributors to the overall performance of that segment.
Charles E. Bunch: I think we should -- you should expect normal seasonality. I think you described it correctly. We're going to see more strength here in North America, probably a little less strength, just from a seasonal standpoint not from an overall market standpoint, in Europe because of the vacation shutdowns. But I don't think you're going to see a marked deviation in trend in the business.
Charles E. Bunch: I would think that my remarks are more tied to price increases that have -- that reflect the earlier raw material inflation that we experienced. And again, as we've commented, our prices today, here in the third quarter, our raw material prices, are higher on average than they were at the beginning of the year. So that there is still -- we see some stability there, and we are still trying to recapture, in some markets or regions, the raw material price increases that we experienced in 2011 or before and also, in the first half of this year.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, we've had a long-term joint venture with Asian Paints. It's called Asian PPG. That is primarily participates in the automotive OEM refinish and selected segments of the industrial business. The announcement with Asian Paints is now we're going to have 2 joint ventures: one a majority-owned or controlled venture of PPG, primarily with the automotive refinish and industrial segment; and another a majority-owned and controlled Asian Paints joint venture that'll be more in the distribution of protective and marine coatings and light industrial. But what you're going to see different is we will begin this quarter, the third quarter, in consolidating the sales from the newly formed or majority-owned PPG joint venture. It won't have a material effect on the earnings because we've been reporting 50% of the earnings from the joint ventures in previous years. But you'll see some growth in our sales line now as we consolidate those sales of the new joint venture.
Charles E. Bunch: Well, I'd hate to speculate on what the probability is. But obviously, in the case of Argex, we think they have a viable technology. We've been working with them to validate the technology, and it's used on our products. They have already access to the mining rights for these materials. I would say given a longer time frame, like 5 years, I would say that is -- I would give that a higher level of probability. In the case of potential Chinese TiO2 producers, I would say that these plants require a lot of investment, a lot of technology. But I would -- as we've seen over -- the growth in China across a broad array of industrial commodities and we participated in what we think is a tremendous growth story in China in industrial markets. But I would not discount the probability of -- what are now a number of TiO2 producers in China, albeit primarily in the sulfate grades. But I would not discount their ability to develop the chloride technology in the coming years and get into production within the kind of time frame that you're talking.
Charles E. Bunch: Yes, as I said earlier, P.J., our volume growth in the second quarter was comparable across all 3 channels. We've talked about mid-single digit kind of growth with the exception of the, let's call it, the pipeline fill last year in the second quarter in the national accounts channel. So I would say we saw a fairly consistent growth across the channels here in North America.
Charles E. Bunch: I would say as I -- again, we saw comparable volume growth across the channels. It's still -- I would say I haven't seen a significant deviation in the trends. Obviously, we go through -- we go to market in all the end-use markets and the channels, and so I would say it's been fairly consistent.
Charles E. Bunch: I'm not sure I understand exactly, Bill. But as you referenced, the repair and the remodeling part of the paint market in architectural is, by far, the biggest share of the overall volume, and I think you are seeing some improvements there. The indicators have been, by and large, positive, and they've stayed that way most of the year. I think initially, in the first quarter, we said, "Well, there is some weather impact," but most of the indicators have still stayed positive. The biggest indicator is sales of existing homes or existing home resales. Those have been positive, so I think that is a good indicator for the architectural market here. We've seen some year-over-year growth in new home construction, albeit on some very low levels, so that's a positive. Commercial construction, on the new OE -- let's call it new commercial construction, it's been a weaker market. We participate in that, both on the coatings side and also, in our flat glass business. So that has not really ramped up as much, but overall commercial construction, we think, is going to lag a little bit this improvement in residential. So I would agree with you, most of the signs are favorable. And it should be a good news for us, and that's the way we feel, although it's not -- this is not a straight line up for us. And I think we're going to see slow but steady improvement over the next few years in this business.
David B. Navikas: Jeff, this is Dave Navikas. So there are -- Jeff, because of the need that we have to maintain the tax-free status of the transaction and the distribution of at least 50.1% of the newly merged company stock to PPG shareholders, there are some complicated tax rules for dealing with equity transactions during the 2-year period leading up to the closing of this transaction. And given that we're starting at the 50.5% threshold, we've got a very small cushion for any of our shares to be taken out of this calculation. So on advice of counsel because of that close margin, we won't be engaging any share repurchase from now until we close the transaction, either late this year or in the first quarter of next.
David B. Navikas: There's only an issue, Jeff, between now and when the transaction closes. Once the transaction closes, we'll be able to continue to buy back stock at that time.
David B. Navikas: Let me try to answer that, Duffy. The businesses that have, right now, the heavier fixed costs load would be the architectural businesses. They have store network. That's a bigger fixed cost as opposed to some of our industrial businesses. Obviously, some of our best businesses, which, we have said historically, have been aerospace, auto refinish, they're higher margins. We continue to argue for a solid incremental margin on that additional sales dollar. So those would be the -- right now, those would be the businesses with the most opportunity for incremental sales.
David B. Navikas: If I could just append to that even though Europe was weak for auto OEM, globally, that was one of our strongest markets for the company because of the strong growth in the U.S. and strong growth that Chuck mentioned in Asia. So those 2 have more than offset the European weakness.
David B. Navikas: I think, Dmitry, that's -- we certainly call them selective pricing, and again, there -- I think, you described it right. There are markets where we feel there is opportunity to recapture some of this inflation.
David B. Navikas: Well, part of the headwind in the second quarter, Gregg, really reflects the strength of the euro and Latin American currencies last year, so the comparable period was extremely difficult. And then I think the euro -- our euro conversion rate in the second quarter of 2011 was 1.44. I think we ended this quarter like 1.28. The conversion in the third quarter came down last year, so the comparable period is not as difficult. That will lessen, if all things were equal, that will lessen the impact on a year-over-year basis. Sequentially, it's fairly comparable.
David B. Navikas: Saul, we had, in our last quarterly call, a schedule that broke that out for the second half of 2012 and also, for all of 2013. We didn't replicate that here, but it's available on our website.
David B. Navikas: So the most pronounced impact on earnings is just the volume movements among the quarters. So if we're not buying product, regardless of the price as it is, we're not getting the benefit. So I agree with the general theory that you outlined that we should see some more favorable economics in the second half versus the first half, but we still need volume to apply to those economics.
