Vince Morales: Thank you, Tawanda, and good afternoon, everyone. Once again, this is Vince Morales, Vice President of Investor Relations for PPG Industries. We appreciate your continued interest in PPG and welcome you to our first quarter 2015 financial results overview. Joining me on the call today from PPG is Chuck Bunch, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Michael McGarry, President and Chief Operating Officer and Frank Sklarsky, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our comments relate to the financial information we released today, Thursday, April 16, 2015. I will also remind everyone that we posted detailed commentary in the accompanying presentation slides on our investor center at ppg.com. These slides are also available on the webcast site for this call and provide additional support to the opening comments Chuck will make momentarily. Following Chuck's perspective on the company financial results for the quarter, we will move to the Q&A session. Both the prepared commentary, the presentation slides and discussion during the call may contain forward-looking statements reflecting the company's current view of future events and their potential effect on PPG's operating and financial performance. These statements involve uncertainties and risks which may cause actual results to differ. The company is under no obligation to provide subsequent updates to these forward-looking statements. The presentation also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures the company has provided in the appendix materials which are available again on our website reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. For additional information, please refer to PPG's filings with the SEC. And now let me introduce PPG's Chairman and CEO, Chuck Bunch.
Vince Morales: Hi Laurence, this is Vince. Pipeline adjustments for last year, so it is just not recur so we actually have pipeline fills or higher levels of activity in the first quarter of 2014 and that’s what created the difficult comp.
Vince Morales: Prices generally for the company in all regions were basically flat, the only favorable mix I’d say we had from an overall perspective was in our flat glass business where we moved up, as commercial construction glass is more a value added product versus residential glass. So, we are moving up the spectrum as we saw more commercial construction into the market based on demand.
Vince Morales: James this is Vince. So if you look we had good volume growth as Michael mentioned in the company owned stores and comparable growth in the independent distribution market and that was just offset with the – I will call it the negative year-over-year comps with respect to the pipeline fill. The store – the sales in DIY were positive and at the door and we feel good about that going forward. The other thing that was impactful for that business from a sales perspective was currency in Canada was negative, we have a big Canadian business. Volumes in Canada were positive, but currency was negative. So again we’re pleased with our performance to-date early in the seasons as Michael mentioned and we did our kind of a different weather pattern, weaker in February, stronger in March.
Vince Morales: Arun, Vince, again. We’re suddenly working closely with the concessionaires on what products they like, what products we’re actually selling in the market. We really need to go through a paint season to fully understand the acceptance of the products and its different obviously by geographic region in Mexico so we do want to give some sidelines for you guys. At some point it’s just too premature right now to do that.
Vince Morales: And then Nils, the 2% decline I think in sales revenue really was 7% negative currency, 5% positive OEMs for the segment so that 5% volume dragging along nice incremental margin as we’ve talked about in the past for the reason Chuck just mentioned. So I think that really hastened our improvement.
Vince Morales: And keep in mind too that any incremental volume should accretive to at a pretty nice margin closer to the PC margin than the EBIT margin because the fact that we’re still 15 to 20 percentage points below peak volumes so we don’t have to add much of anything in terms of fixed supply chain cost to get that volume and in fact we continue to find streamlining opportunities on the administrative side. So any volume we do get – when we get in the commercial spaces on should accrue good margin.
Vince Morales: The cash flow is still working as it did when we made that disclosure and that disclosure and guidance still does apply.
Vince Morales: Thank you. Once again I want to like to thank everybody for all of their interest in PPG and their time and attention. If there is any further questions on financials please call me in Investor Relations function. Thank you.
Michael McGarry: John, this is Michael. The Comex business has been performing on all levels, they have – the GDP down there is around little bit around 3% and we have been growing. We expect it, we told you in the last call we grow probably 1.5 to 2 times that, we have outperformed that, that's been both government sales as well as the cohesion with our other PPG products. So all in all, I would tell you they’re doing a very good job and they had a early Easter promotion as well at segment augmented sales.
Michael McGarry: Bob, this is Michael starting with the company owned stores, we merge that the network together so you can’t really pull out legacy Akzo versus the old PPG and as we said in our opening remarks, they were up mid single digits. So we were happy with that and when we look at the big boxes, we had some pipeline fill last year especially with the stain side we have nice stain position and that’s an early win there, we did not have that pipeline fill in this year. Overall we think, when we look at the sell out from the big boxes it is progressing at a normal rate obviously the slow start to the paint season given the weather but we saw acceleration starting in mid March.
Michael McGarry: No, I think it was all – I think the inventory is a one-time and we’re seeing no material differences and how it goes out in the marketplace. So we’re happy with what we’re seeing and the dealers and the contractors all performing what I would say as a reasonable marketplace.
Michael McGarry: Hey Jeff, this is Michael. The plant is in the startup mode. We expect to get commercial quality product in the second half of the second quarter and we will be looking at that.  So far what we have seen, we have been pleased with everything and we’re happy so far.
Michael McGarry: Jeff, I don’t know that we want to get into specific customers on this. Certainly Lowe’s made decision and we would expect the other folks to try their own business. So, we will wait and see how that works out.
Michael McGarry: Hi, Michael again. I think we have a strong market share down there. We have increased the number of concessionaires and when we bought the business from 3740, we are up at 3,900. We are adding a concessionaire every other day and that gives us additional penetration to the marketplace. We also have the strongest brand in Mexico and the government there some election spending or actually some elections later in the year and the local governments are spending some money to help beautify their local areas. So, that’s also positive. I think there are number of factors that are driving this.
Michael McGarry: Yes Jim, this is Michael. We’re starting to see that it's a little early, because as you know glass goes in the building it’s generally can be anywhere from 12 to 18 months before the paint goes in and upon the size of the building. So it's a little early, but we certainly expect that to flow through as well.
Frank Sklarsky: John this is Frank. So a little more than half of the actions are focused on some of the markets that have seen some subdued economic conditions so that will focus on Europe and some other areas of challenging economics. So some of that savings will be in area of administrative backoffice, increased shared services, parts of the supply chain in terms of manufacturing productivity, warehousing efficiencies things like that. But if you look across the spectrum of the 100 to 105 savings, it really does run across all regions, all businesses, and all functions. The other thing that we are focusing too as we stated in that release is that part of the restructuring is focused on the acquisition, synergies, achievement and that was we always plan to do that. So that's also part of it.
Frank Sklarsky: And Don, just one. This is Frank. Keep in mind that on the cost savings side, I think we do get in our cost structure – including those savings we anticipate to get now through 2017 due to restructuring program that’s real economic benefit and structural benefit to our structure whereas on the currency side only about 10% of that goes to the bottom line, because of the natural hedge we have by making our product generally where we sell it. And that’s a not really an economic exposure as much as it’s just a translation exposure from the foreign currency into U.S. dollars.  The transaction exposure, which would be the real economic impact is very limited and we do hedge a portion of that transaction exposure where we buy in one currency and sell in another currency. But that’s very, very limited. So we just want to clarify that.
Frank Sklarsky: If I can add just Chuck’s comments if you look at the technology in the marketplace everything is moving toward a water based technology. I think from our observations we’re the leader in that technology both in the U.S. and in Europe. So I think we’re well positioned from a technology perspective as well.
Frank Sklarsky: Yes, we were irrespective of FX, we're always looking at ways to improve working capital obviously Q1 is usually the weakest from a cash flow perspective as you build a little bit of working capital, perhaps some of the payables from fourth quarter and build up over the working capital and where receivable as things pull up for second quarter. But we do have initiatives underway and we've made a lot of progress in terms of reducing pass to receivables, we have aggressive targets and try to streamline our inventory levels as well as complexity in each of our businesses during the year we’ll see progress more progress in the latter half of the year. And then payables are in pretty good shape. Yes, you do see some impact on the translation, but actually I think we're going to have adequate initiatives to offset and make some progress on the working capital and move through the year.
Frank Sklarsky: And Arun, so we did refinance as we said on our press release and Chuck's comments in the fourth quarter we also did put in a $1.3 billion of debt in March. So we had no interest cost for that in January, February so there will be a step up in Q2 of $4 million to $5 million verse Q1 partially rated to that. So mid-20s – mid to low 20s would be a good number on a go forward basis.
Chuck Bunch: We saw very modest improvement in raw material pricing David, in fact if you look across all the corporation in both our fixed and variable cost, we had inflation that was just slightly negative less than 1% and so we still have not seen the full benefits of the raw material price reductions that we anticipate later this year. We think the second half of the year, we will be able to pull through some of these raw material price reductions in a more meaningful way. I think we’ve talked about first quarter working through higher cost, inventory levels as an example and getting those savings pull through from our suppliers, we don’t have index prices as a rule with either our suppliers or customers. So we focused on that and we think as we go through the year but certainly in the second half, we are going to see more raw material benefits from our raw materials.
Chuck Bunch: I think for PPG we’ve been well positioned with several of the more consumer oriented markets not as focused on exports or construction, we have exposure to those businesses. And I think our strongest of markets in China were automotive OEM which is a domestic market in China, those sales have continued to grow above - slightly above the what their overall GDP growth has been stated as so high single digits for automotive growth. And we’ve been well positioned there with some of our new technologies, compact processes, we have done well in that sector, packaging coating would be another example of a consumer oriented end used market that has grown faster than some of the export oriented or construction related business.
Chuck Bunch: Yes Ghansham it’s good to hear from you, I would say in Europe we have been probably waiting for recovery for several years and we remain cautious on how the markets are trending. But I have been encouraged and this is not just a personal view, it is our team and they have been pessimistic or as cautious as I’ve been but especially on the automotive side of the business, you had seen sales growth accelerate here in the first quarter especially in Southern Europe. So we’re talking now about kind of high single digit sales growth that we haven’t yet seen translated into production, production increases or production growth which is where we have our sales and earnings. And our team feels that if these sales levels continue that we’re going to see higher growth rates in automotive as we go through the year.  If you look at consumer confidence indicators they have also turned up in Europe and I think they’re combination of yes we’re facing some weaker currencies there but the combination of some of the central bank actions with some of the earlier cycle markets like automotive is starting to move I am a little more optimistic in the recovery here after the 2008, 2009 recession automotive was one of the early movers after it really went down quite drastically. And then it was the construction markets here in North America that took a little longer to recover and I would say that seems to be the case a little bit with us at least in France and Southern Europe we’re not seeing the construction markets bounce back yet. But automotive we’re all more optimistic and that I think bodes well not only for that end used market but for a number of other industrial production end used markets.  So I’m a little more optimistic even with the weaker currencies and in fact that is probably going to be one of the contributing factors as we go through this recovery in the overall economies there.
Chuck Bunch: Hi, Kevin. I would expect, it’s a little early, if you looked some of the winter activity last year we ended up having a pretty good year even though of the automotive refinish market started off quite slowly last year as well. And so, I think you were going to see some improvement in automotive refinish as we go through the year but the first quarter is a little too soon to get the benefit from what was pretty sharply cold winter here in the early months. We saw obviously some improvement in the second half of March when things finally got a little better but we won’t see that yet in refinish it’s probably as we go through the second quarter and into the second half of the year.
Chuck Bunch: Well, I would say that there has been improvement in our flat glass business in a number of let’s call it P&L areas, so fixed cost obviously we got helped by the lack of a big cold repair that we had last year in our Wichita Falls, Texas plant.  We also completed the sale of Mount Zion facility in Illinois in the third quarter, so the absence of those two elements helped, so those were fixed cost improvements. We also saw pricing and demand improvement too. So I would say that, the numbers that you’re looking at are sustainable of these are not one-offs and I think we have changed the direction of the business, we’re at little bit of an inflection point, as you know this is a commercial construction business and that market has improved. Glass supply and demand is much more imbalanced, we’ve gotten some pricing, we’ve done well in the marketplace, natural gas cost and others have been under control. So I think we have some elements here for a sustained performance at this level and I think for us as always with this business, we are – we will listen if there are opportunities to create value for the shareholders in any transactions and at this point I think we’re – we are just continuing to execute on opportunities in front of us in the marketplace for the business and we’re optimistic that this can continue.
Chuck Bunch: I’m not sure, I haven’t listened or seen any of the reports on any other industry or competitive activity. I would say as I indicated we do expect more help as we go through the year and in the second half, I would say my comments would be that sounds a little on the aggressive side. We’ve seen the oil prices move back up a little bit here and I would say that we expect some help but it not to the magnitude that you mentioned.
Chuck Bunch: I think for us, it is certainly a good sign and some of those volume gains were in BPA non-intent or BPA-free coating. So I think it should give you some confidence as an investor that, we’re performing and delivering on the technology challenges for the BPA-free material, we feel pretty confident that we’re well positioned and I think you’re going to continue to see conversions in the food and beverage industry overall on the this technology. So I think it bodes well for us although I would say, we see other competitors active in this basis, well but I think we feel positive with volume growth that you’ve seen and I think it’s an indication that our technology is going to be, is going to deliver growth in the market.
Chuck Bunch: And just as a reminder, as we said on the first in January, you know, with respect to our own center customers for calendar year 2015, we picked up a little bit more product.
Chuck Bunch: Let me just add to what Michael said. So we – our anticipation in Comex as we are going to have a total opening of concessionaires this year somewhere between 116 to 119 new locations. Again as Michael said, one every other day.
Chuck Bunch: Well, if you look we were down 7% in currency at least at the top line and we were down much less than that on raw material side. Although not all the currency impacts our bottom line. So, certainly I think they are offsetting to a certain extent and we think that unfortunately currency is going to be more of a headwind here in the second quarter if these currency trends continue and in the second half it’s a little early to say what we’re going to see on currency but we think we will get little more help on raw materials. So, we’ve got some, let’s call them countervailing trends here. They didn’t offset indirectly the same ways in the first quarter and it’s going to be how we see this thing play out both on currencies and very unpredictable. We think there is a broader trend in raw materials, but not in a relatively moderate way.
Chuck Bunch: P. J. automotive refinish in the developed markets is a relatively mature market. And we have I would say a very incomplete industry growth data in terms of the actual refinish market. But I would say that for us in terms of the market trends this has always been a competitive market there are few large global players we feel that as PPG, we’re holding our own in the developed market regions and we’re continuing to grow in the developing markets like China and India where these are the fastest growing car parks and automotive refinish markets. So yes it’s a competitive market, we got a few large global players, we don’t see that competitive intensity decreasing, but we feel as PPG we’re well positioned and certainly maintaining our leadership in the industry.
Chuck Bunch: P. J. I think it’s too early to speculate and I think Lowe’s would like to be the one comment on that.
Chuck Bunch: It's balanced between what you have in some markets where we did well such as Europe these are - I think - we’re seeing a ramp up of some of the customers that have been maybe most affected by this kind of long recession in Europe so that we’re customer based in Europe you don’t have as many new plants there. So these are your traditional customers that are now starting to do a little better as we see this pick up in sales, especially in some markets like Southern Europe where Fiat is starting to grow faster. And in Asia and in China and India for example that's a combination of new wins, but primarily these are new plants that are going in with global and domestic competitors both there and in India. So I’d say that’s more of a combination of new plants and existing market growth.
Chuck Bunch: Sure. The interest expense was down and of course the numbers we gave was on a net basis went from $35 million to about $18 million in the first quarter as we look out through the rest of the year interest expense will be down between the $20 million to $25 million per quarter. Our weighted average interest rate in our portfolio right now, we've got debt about $4.6 million weighted average interest rate about 2.5%.
Chuck Bunch: We have an active M&A pipeline, we don’t have any mega deals out there those don’t come along very often, but we have some good discussions going on. We announced the agreement although we have not closed yet on the French aerospace acquisition Le Joint Français or LJF from Total so that’s one that we are continuing to work and we hope to be able to close that in the second half of the year. And we have some other deals that we’re currently discussing and we hope that we’ll be able to announce some things as we go through the year, but it’s an active pipeline still we think good opportunities.
Chuck Bunch: This was productivity and we continued to perform well in the businesses that are in industrial coating so lot of cost down restructuring benefits from prior years and good growth of profitable business in our automotive OEM industrial coating segments.
Chuck Bunch: Well, I would say that remember we should still see earnings growth improvement in Europe primarily related to our industrial coating segment. So we have not yet seen strong improvement on the construction side of or the performance coating side of the business. But we think there will be some modest growth there and we’re obviously working on these restructuring actions that should help us late in the year.
Chuck Bunch: I think we’ve been – it’s a combination of both of those. I think technology and service our performance with existing customers has gone extremely well with the new technologies. We are the largest automotive OEM competitor in the space. We have a broad geographic or global footprint. So we’re able to I think deliver a value around the world whether you’re talking about North America or Europe or Asia or China any of those markets. So I think we’ve been very well positioned both from a technology service and we have a very broad based customer – customer array. And in China as an example we’ve seen both the global OEMs as well as the Chinese domestic players growing and we’ve been positioned on both sides of that so I think it’s a combination.
