John Bruno: Thank you, Jamie, and good afternoon, everyone. Once again, this is John Bruno, Director of Investor Relations. We appreciate your continued interest in PPG and welcome you to our second quarter 2019 financial results conference call. Joining me on the call from PPG are Michael McGarry, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Vince Morales, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our comments relate to the financial information released on Thursday, July 18, 2019. I will remind everyone that we have posted detailed commentary and accompanying presentation slides on the Investor Center of our website, ppg.com. The slides are also available on the webcast site for this call, and provide additional support to the opening comments Michael will make shortly. Following Michael’s perspective on the company’s results for the quarter, we will move to a Q&A session. Both the prepared commentary and discussion during this call may contain forward-looking statements, reflecting the company’s current view of future events and their potential effect on PPG’s operating and financial performance. These statements involve uncertainties and risks, which may cause actual results to differ. The company is under no obligation to provide subsequent updates to these forward-looking statements. This presentation also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. The company has provided in the Appendix of the presentation materials, which are available on the website, reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. For additional information, please refer to PPG’s filings with the SEC. Now, let me introduce PPG Chairman and CEO, Michael McGarry.
John Bruno: Hey, Jeff. This is John. I think there is two key drivers. One is last year we made some adjustments to our incentive compensation accruals in the second and third quarter. And last year, we had a little bit more favorable pension expense, but based on the different items like the discount rate and consensus data that we have. So, the former is the bigger driver but a couple of things there Jeff that are driving the upswing this year.
John Bruno: Steve, this is John. So we are not going to get to that specific level of detail. But these are opportunities we've identified both in continuing to improve our cost structure and inflection of the demand environment that we have today.
John Bruno: No, Mike. We have pretty much similar pricing across the regions. You can well imagine, we deal with global customers. And you're dealing with people that are very sophisticated in how they deal with you. So we are getting it across the regions, and across the platforms. And we are getting it with the local Chinese in case that was your next question as well.
Michael McGarry: David, you know there's been a lot of focus on raw materials in-house. But when you think about it, we have some of our commodities. Most of our commodities are near flat. Maybe one of them is still up, and we have a couple that are trending down. But overall, between that and overall inflation with salaries and everything else, we are still in a marginally inflationary environment. And we still not recovered all the margin from our pre-inflationary peak. So as you heard in my opening comments, we are still progressing with price increases, and we anticipate having further price moving forward. In regard to TiO2, what I would say is the same answer I gave at the very beginning of the year is that TiO2 is really a non-event this year. And we are going to continue to focus on using TiO2 very efficiently. And our program, as you know has been to optimize our formulation to minimize TiO2 usage. And this year, we are on track again to take an additional 1% out of our TiO2 consumption. So I don't see the trends really changing, you know, there's excess capacity on the sulfate side. And later in the back half of the year you have the chloride plant coming on. So that's why we remain confident that TiO2 will be a non-event.
Michael McGarry: Well, I think the way to think about that is that – the different numbers vary by region and by automakers. So, it's probably inappropriate for us to comment on not just the speculation but actually market share because we could overestimate or underestimate the various people shares. And I wouldn't want to put incorrect information out there, so I probably would prefer to pass it.
Michael McGarry: Well, if you go back and look at the space over 20 years, you'll always see some movement as the various retailers try different strategies. By and large I would say that market shares have stayed relatively constant by and large. There's been a little bit of shift here in there, but not that much. More of a rounding there what I would call it.
Michael McGarry: Sure Bob. So let's start with refinish. We had a very strong 2Q last year with refinish. There's a couple of very large what we call multiline or people who buy refinish from multiple suppliers. We had a pretty robust 2Q last year with those guys. Then they elected to not purchase in the third quarter. A lot of this is what I call trying to take advantage of the pricing cycle in refinish. So, from a demand standpoint though we're still picking up share. Our net gains on shops is a nice positive and pricing has been very good in that sector. Claims are down about 2% and totals are up 1% to 2%. So, that puts that negative overall at about minus 3%. So, our team has just rolled out new technology in Europe on precision metering of refinish products. It's got an excellent traction so far. So, we are looking forward to seeing how that -- since we're very early we just rolled out a month ago we are very, very early in that. But we anticipate that we'll continue to gain share in refinish given our strong water-based technology and the fact that we've converted more shops at water than anybody else -- everybody else in the industry combined. As for the packaging side, we still have very good technology and we are trialing some additional new technology for the packaging space. That goes -- pack tests are going on right now. Once those pack tests are completed we anticipate that the customers will be shifting some additional business our way, which will be a net positive for us. So that's what we are looking at. Obviously we have to wait till the conclusion of pack tests, but we’re feeling pretty good so far.
Michael McGarry: Yeah, John we see that market is growing. This year we would have said 2% to 3%. Given in the challenging whether that we've had, they'll try to pick up as much of that as they can. So we might finish 1% to 2% for the year. But overall our customer still have very good backlogs and they feel very confident. They still are challenged to find enough labor to get all their projects done. But they've been able to successfully continue to win business that trend again from DIY to do it for me. That's going to continue. So overall we feel like we’re in a good position. Plus as you heard in my opening remarks, we have committed and we are on pace to out-earn in the third quarter what we are making pre-customer assortment loss. So business has been focused on that and they're going to be in a position to start delivering that in the third quarter.
Michael McGarry: Well, first of all we have -- we're going to have positive sales growth because of pricing. Right now through the first whatever you want to call it 17 days, volumes have been more consistent to the prior patterns. But as you know Europe takes August off. And so we’re always hesitant to predict the third quarter until we see how much vacation time all our big painters take and then how they come back. So I would be -- if I were sitting in front of your model right now, I would use the same prediction you've used for years past, but knowing that we are getting nice price gains in that business in Europe.
Michael McGarry: We have positive price in every business in every region of the world. And it's been a positive story now. We've had positive price for nine consecutive quarters. We're still not where we want to be. We've had 11 quarters in a row of inflation, so we still have some catch-up to do. But when I look at our Industrial Coatings segment and our industrial business within that, they're doing pretty well. And so, I'm not concerned. Obviously, the biggest gap is in the automotive piece and that's where we're working the hardest to get prices up. But we still have more traction in all our industrial businesses.
Michael McGarry: Yes. So Mike, I'd say, it's everything. With 2.3% price $20 million of costs down, better manufacturing, we pretty much have hit on all cylinders, everything within our control. The team has executed very well on. So we're going to continue to look at that. Volume in a lot of our businesses has been pretty good. Aerospace has had a very good volume quarter. PMC has had good volume quarter. So there are pockets of success. Unfortunately, when you look at OEM-type businesses, they've been a little struggling.
Michael McGarry: Frank, I still see refinish as a flat long-term market. We are going to get positive price. We are going to work through our water. More people are going to convert to water, which uses less products than solvent. At some point in time China will start to put in regulations. We are the number one guy in China. So when you factor in the solvent to water conversions, you will see some negative volume over a longer period of time. But we don't see collisions changing materially in the near-term. Collision rates in Asia continue to happen. So – and of course, there's still a growing car park around the world. So this is a great business for us as you know, and we are one of the global leaders. And we are still very excited about this business.
Michael McGarry: Yeah. And Frank one other thing I might add back on the refinish question, I should have pointed out. We do have a light industrial piece of that business and a commercial transport. And both of those segments are growing. Of course, they're much smaller than the base refinish business, but those were help offsetting some of the trends we talked about earlier.
Michael McGarry: Well, I do believe it will be up in 2020. I think it's a little early to call that though. I don't think the trends that we're seeing right now are going to continue. But the single biggest factor in this is the trade war if that's what you want to call it. People have money in their pocket in China. People are employed. It's a lack of consumer confidence. These -- our Chinese employees themselves they're also looking at the same thing. I was just over there six weeks ago. And the fact of the matter is for major purchases, they are sitting on the sidelines to see how this turns out. So, the first thing that I'm looking for is a settlement where everybody can move on from the current positions that everybody has staked out. Consumer confidence will flow very quickly because it's not like they have to get people reemployed over there. They are already employed and they are saving money right now in this environment. And so they have a lot of firepower to put to work. So, I think whenever this dust settle, we will see a pop not too much different than we saw what quarter was it? It was third quarter last year when they changed the tariffs or the VAT. So, I think there'll be a pretty good movement in that.
Michael McGarry: P.J., I don't think it's appropriate for us to discuss specific customers. You should assume that any place there's somebody buying paint that we're actively talking to those customers. From a paint plant standpoint, we did shut down some plants in response to the customer assortment change, but we still have capacity in the marketplace. And as you know ramping up a paint plant sometimes is as simple as adding as another shift running over time. So we are definitely flexible enough to respond to the market.
Michael McGarry: Chris this is Michael. The levers are going to still be the same. We talked about having more than 2% price in Q3, so that's going to be a positive moderation, and the inflation that's going to be a positive. We're going to have additional cost savings. That's going to be positive. The teams are working really hard on the manufacturing side. So that's going to be a positive. So, I think, the trend lines that you've seen will continue in that regard. The big challenge we have is, obviously, we needed a lot more price in our automotive business and a little bit more price in our industrial business, to get back to where we need to be. And so, that's front and center.
Michael McGarry: Well, we expect to outperform industry for quite a number of years in this business. If you look at the segments that we're in, we're leading in coatings. So we're going to be slightly better than the market there. If you look at our transparencies, we've been -- our customer pull on new programs has been quite significant. And so, we have customers that are asking us to bring them new technology, which they're more than willing to pay for it and that's been a significant win. And then, of course, on the sealant side, our new technology on lighter weight sealants and cure on-demand is going to be trend lines that our customers all value highly and it drives tremendous productivity in their businesses. So they're going to stay on top of that. And then, for a lot of our customers, because we're so important to them, we provide chemical management services or unique packaging to help their productivity on their lines. And so, we have consistently -- so you look at in this past quarter, the industry grew about 5%. And we almost grew double digits. We grew double digits to prior quarter and we're going to go somewhere in that double-digit range in the third quarter. So even though this has historically been a lumpy capital-intensive business, this is a market that we're super excited about and we continue to outperform in all the major segments.
Michael McGarry: So we have sealants and adhesive business in our aerospace, our automotive, our architectural and a teeny tiny bit in our industrial business. We share technology across segments. So when we launched the most recent liquid nails product, it use some of the technology that we had in our aerospace business. And that was a win. We currently have also launched some new products for the U.S. military. And that technology can also be shared across the various platforms. So we routinely share technology across our various business segments.
Michael McGarry: Well, really what you have is a plateauing. Collision is driven by congestion which is driven by implement which is driven by miles driven. And right now unemployment has plateaued at let's call it 3.8, 3.7 whatever you want to call it and so that leads to less collisions when it plateaus. And there has been some impact from lane departure and smart cruise control. But you have the negative impact of distracted driving which I hope you're not doing Michael. But overall I would say you should assume a minus one is kind of what you should probably think about in the long-term.
Michael McGarry: Yes. And Duffy I would say think about the volume more at a two level not a four level because of the customer assortment changes.
Michael McGarry: And I would add innovation, our customers are always very willing to pay for innovation. And if you think about the cost of the paint versus the cost to their final product, if we can get one more car to the body shop or one more heavy duty equipment out, we can make the packaging line run a little quicker. Anything like that they are more than willing to pay for it. So that's why we’re so focused on innovation. And sometimes innovation leads to slightly lower volumes but at least a richer mix with higher pricing. So that's also something you should factor in.
Michael McGarry: Yeah, I tried to always get people up this question. For the U.S. it's not the key driver for our business. We’re focused on servicing our customer needs. We have an authorized dealer network. We have our own paint stores. We have our own DIY customers. So for us, we’re doing different things in different markets. So we add stores in place that are growing like Texas and Florida. And we might be subtracting stores from contracting markets. So for us our store count was relatively flat overall. And that's not a metric that we're a driver of in the U.S. If you want to look at Mexico where we have a 50% market more than a significant share down there, we are driving additional store growth down there. And we are continuing to take share.
Michael McGarry: Well, you do see a little bit of it, because the dealers are trying to get those vehicles off their mark -- off their lots in Shanghai so they don't have to move it to tier three type city. So you did have sales were up I think 6% in June. And sales in July appear to be trending positively as well. But I would tell you that it's hard to parse between how much of that is the change in emission standards versus the actual demand.
Michael McGarry: Well, what I would say is that any asset that comes up for sale in the coatings space always attracts interest. There are some natural buyers. There are people who are consolidators on a continuous basis. And you should assume that when any asset comes up for sale that unless there's an issue with it that's going to trade at a pretty reasonable multiple.
Michael McGarry: Dmitry, that's 100% accurate. We are expecting to get paid appropriately for the technology we deliver. If we haven't been able to get that, we've been willing to walk away from volume. We -- as you saw our volumes in 2018 in architectural Europe were down as we were the only ones out there leading price. Now that the other parties are up there leading price along with us, volume is flowing back our way. We've always said that, we might get short term penalized for raising the price. But ultimately most of our customers want to do business with PPG. And as soon as our other friendly competitors, if they decide to raise price independently, some of that volume cloud flow back to us and we do see that happening sometimes.
Michael McGarry: Thanks, Jamie. I'd like to thank everyone for their time and interest in PPG. If you have any further questions, please contact our mix relations department. This concludes our second quarter earnings call.
Vince Morales: Thanks, David for the question. In Q2, our share count was relatively neutral year-over-year. We did minimal if any buybacks in the first six months of the year except to offset some dilution we did with an acquisition. The – for the full year, our focus remained on not building our cash position. We have on a year-over-year basis we have an active acquisition pipeline, which Michael alluded to in the opening remarks. That remains an important part of our cash deployment strategy for properties at the right price, create value for our shareholders. Absent that, if we can't execute on those we would look to share repurchase.
Vince Morales: Ghansham, Vince here. Little early to call Q4, we got to make our way through Q3. But in the back half of -- really in the back half of 2018 we had several key issues that make the 2019 period, make it a little easier from a comparable basis. We did have refinished destocking, Michael alluded to earlier. We did have just started the customer assortment changes. We will anniversary very shortly the China automotive downturn. And just from a top line perspective, currency has been a negative in the first part of this year and it mutes out in the back half of the year. So we have several things specific to PPG that we think give us some comfort in our forecast.
Vince Morales: No just picking up what Michael said earlier, we -- there's growth in this market in the U.S. It's been tempered by the weather patterns. Anytime we see decent whether we see a good pickup in sales. So we think there's some pent-up demand there. And we do expect growth in Q3 and a seasonally lighter quarter in Q4, but continued growth. So there's definitely a backlog of demand here.
Vince Morales: And just to expand on that Frank, our customers pay for technology. We're part of the leadership in terms of technology in the industry. So as Michael refers to price, we really talk about price/mix. The whole mix of the industry is moving up reflective of the technology that everybody is bringing to the table. So even though the absolute volume might be down a little bit, the costs per unit or cost per liter is up, because of the mix component.
Vince Morales: Yeah. Frank, we talk obviously to a lot of shareholders. Those are conversations we have individually with them. The feedback we look at is what happens in the stock every day in the marketplace. That's what I would reference you to.
Vince Morales: Yeah, Arun if you noticed we did talk about the sales guidance being low single digits. I'd see a stretch to get to the bottom end of our prior range on sales. So that's really where we saw the down take. We didn't -- they're up, we didn't experience during Q2. We do have as we walk into every quarter three, four, five, six weeks of order book in hand for most of our OEM customers not just our auto customers. So we typically have at least early read on what each quarter is going to look like. We don't -- as Michael mentioned in the opening comments, we don't see a significant uptick in Q3 in Asia or China specifically. So again we lowered our sales guidance for the year. As you would expect from us we're compensating on the cost side to account for the lower sales.
Vince Morales: Yeah, couple of points therein. One, we're still seeing pockets of inflation. And, secondly, we have to recognize there's still two years of inflation we absorbed. So we still have a lot of catch-up to do on the pricing side and we're going to work through that. Furthermore, if we do see changes in our raw material basket, they have to flow through inventory. We’re getting to a period of the year where, obviously, sales seasonally are going to be lower. So we typically hold on to our inventory a little longer. 
Vince Morales: Yes. We said 80 -- 70 to 80 for the year, Kevin, for 2019. We're pacing slightly ahead of that right now and that's basis of the old programs we have. We'll pick up a few million dollars in the fourth quarter on our new program. But the new program won't really kick in earnest until early 2020 and there are some longer lead items in there. So by the end of 2021 we'll be at $125 million run rate. So I would assume a linear progression, as we go through 2020 into 2021.
Vince Morales: Yeah. These are mostly in our industrial segment, Kevin. We have some benefit in our auto business. We – it's really customer mix. We underperformed in the U.S. We over-performed in Latin America, really serving the same market. But given we give regional outlooks in addition to business outlooks we had to flip between those two regions.
Vince Morales: And if could just speak up one, because what we typically do see when demand is a little choppy like it is today, customers are looking for ways for cost savings. And it plays right into the innovation center that we have.
Vince Morales: Those are granularities we typically wouldn't give Dmitry. We did say that the segment volumes, I think, were down about 5%, general industrial. Auto is more than that. Excuse me, in our industrial segment auto is more than that. General industrial was less than that. I think, the proxy for currency in our architecture EMEA business would be just euro to the dollar, to get you pretty close.
Vincent Morales: Yes Jeff, those two questions I think your first questions are interlinked. Some of the numbers John mentioned are located in our SG&A cost pool, so there's variability in there. Currencies if you look at it on an absolute number basis currency is a big impact to just absolute numbers. So we did have a weaker foreign currency last year so that has an impact as well. We're -- our steady run rate we're adding Q2 of 2019. We expect to be comparable as a percent of sales in Q3. We do have lighter seasonality in Q3 versus Q2 as well so that's not--
Vincent Morales: I mean again as we said earlier Michael there's a value uplift in this business as it there been for many years as all the participants add new technology. And the technology is definitely desired by the body shops for productivity purposes.
Vincent Morales: Yes. Duffy we really look at industrial production not GDP. GDP includes services. So, industrial production is one -- has certainly not been strong in the first half of the year. But more like to the heart of your question we see most of our customers running lean on inventory, leaner than we've seen in the past. Michael again alluded to that in the opening comments. If there is any surge in demand, there might be a little bit of a two stack here not only in the demand surge, but also inventory replenishment. So, that certainly possible.
Vincent Morales: Well, that's a seasonal question. We obviously are building inventory at the beginning of the year. We run that down in the back half of the year so we need a little less cash on a daily basis. Somewhere between $400 million and $700 million depending on the season.
Vincent Morales: Well I'll start Michael can finish the question here. But we saw our suppliers push price for two and a half years. And we had an amiable demand environment when that occurred. Again we're just trying to catch up maintain the value chain. So, that's -- again we saw it on our -- coming into our front door for 2.5 years.
