John Bruno: Thank you, Andrea, and good afternoon, everyone. Once again, this is John Bruno, Director of Investor Relations. We appreciate your continued interest in PPG and welcome you to our Fourth Quarter 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. Joining me on the call from PPG are Michael McGarry, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Vince Morales, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Our comments relate to the financial information released on Thursday, January 17, 2019. I will remind everyone that we posted detailed commentary and accompanying presentation slides on the Investor Center of our website, ppg.com. The slides are also available on the webcast site for this call and provide additional support to the opening comments Michael will make shortly. Following Michael's perspective on the company's results for the quarter and the full year, and a brief update from Vince, we will move to a Q&A session.  Both the prepared commentary and discussion during this call may contain forward-looking statements reflecting the company's current view of future events and their potential effect on PPG's operating and financial performance. These statements involve uncertainties and risks, which may cause actual results to differ. The company is under no obligation to provide subsequent events -- subsequent updates to these forward-looking statements. The presentation materials may also contain certain non-GAAP financial measures. The company has provided in the appendix of the presentation materials, which are available on our website, reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. For additional information, please refer to PPG's filings with the SEC.  Now let me introduce PPG Chairman and CEO, Michael McGarry.
John Bruno: Hey, Kevin. This is John. So we averaged that over -- well over 10%. There was a little bit of a benefit in Q4. Some crude oil prices started impacting certain elements of that area. But we're still having lack of transportation availability and other issues that are keeping the prices higher. So we still expect inflation in that area as we go into 2019.
John Bruno: Yes, Jim. This is John. We met our target. We talked about in the fourth quarter was that we were going to include any deals we announced in that $2.4 billion. So including Whitford and Hemmelrath, we're, in fact, a little bit over that target.
John Bruno: Thank you, Andrea, and thanks, everybody, for your time and interest in PPG. If you have any further questions, please contact our Investor Relations department. This concludes our Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Earnings Call.
Michael McGarry: No. I think it was pretty consistent, Ghansham. I think that we tried to signal in the past that we were still down on volumes because we've been aggressive in raising price. We see our competitors now getting out there and raising price, and so some of that volume is flowing back. As you saw, we had a positive volume in architectural in Europe. We expect to have a positive volume in architectural in first quarter as well. So I think things were fairly consistent in that manner.
Michael McGarry: And Ghansham, the only thing I would add is, right now, we're expecting Whitford to close in Q1, and Hemmelrath to close in Q2.
Michael McGarry: Well, first of all, John, what I would say is that we always look at our portfolio. This has been, as you know, an ongoing thing since 1998. We're always looking for ways that we can improve our mix of businesses. We just wanted to be transparent that this work was underway. And I would tell you that there's always certain countries we look at, and we always say, "Is this a good use of shareholder money?" And we're not signaling one way or the other, but the intent is to take a complete look at everything that we have within PPG and make sure that we're aligned to the most shareholder value creation.
Michael McGarry: No. We don't have any idled tanks. There's maybe one guy that's been shut down for an extended period of time, but they own that paint. But one plant out of hundreds in China is not even rounding there. So these guys are just running at a slower rate. They've taken a little bit more downtime. So far, in Q1, we've seen continuation of about a minus 15% build rate across the industry, both ourselves as well as the entire industry. So we expect that to get better after Chinese -- after the Chinese New Year. And so there have been some indications that there's going to be some incentives. We don't know exactly what they are yet. Obviously, they lowered the reserve rate. That frees up some capital that the banks can use. But right now, we do anticipate a better back half of Q1 than the first, let's call it, 45 days that we have strong visibility into.
Michael McGarry: Well, I guess, it depends how you define it, Dave. In Q4 2018, we actually had price exceeding raws. But remember, we have to catch up all the raw material inflation from 2018. So the gap will grow bigger in Q1 2019 because inflation is still going up, moderating at a lower level. And of course, Q2, we are forecasting even less inflation but still inflation. And we are going to continue to get price. So I would say that our goal is to capture all the raw material inflation since they began late in the fourth quarter 2016. And obviously, we're trying to create shareholder value for everybody by returning to our pre-inflationary margins.
Michael McGarry: I think, Bob, in my opening comments, I tried to give some flavor to that. The amount of new conversions are slowing. We've converted, let's call it, 70% to 80% of the food guys. And then, we probably converted like 50% of the beverage guys. So there's still more out there, but the folks that are left are being, I would say, they're being cautious in the route that they're taking. They're also challenging everybody on their other alternative besides just the products that we're offering. And so we're going to say probably the low single digits is where we would be as opposed to the mid to high single digits where we've been previously.
Michael McGarry: Well, I would say, on aerospace, it's very high confidence level. Probably the one metric we don't talk a lot about is only 1% of the people in China have ever flown on a plane. And the amount of people -- and the amount of planes that are going to go into China, the number of new airports they're in the process of building is significant. The fuel economy of the planes are significantly better than what's flying. And so we anticipate this continuing to be strong. Of course, the military is getting stronger. So I think those are all positive signs. So with my current time horizon, I see this being a good market for quite extended period of time. TMC, we tried to convey previously that we thought 2018 was the bottom of the cycle. We do paint 18 to 24 months after we start to get orders. We took more orders through, I think it was July or August, than we took all of '17. And we're off to a pretty good start. So I think we're in the beginning of a slow recovery in the shipbuilding business. The shipyards in Korea are still hurting financially. So they're still getting support locally. But the Chinese shipyards are doing better. So I anticipate that this should be the beginning of a multiyear recovery.
Michael McGarry: Well, Duffy, I would tell you, there's multiple factors that will drive that 10% EPS growth. First, we have the volume growth, and Vince talked about that earlier, probably 1% to 2% range. You got price. Obviously, that's going to be a positive. You got raw materials that are moderating right now. You've got -- the share count is down. You got costs, are going to be lower. And then, you have the positive impact from acquisitions. And each one of those things are going to help us build to the 10% number that's in there.
Michael McGarry: Yes. So Jeff, we're using both inside and outside resources. And it's important for us to look also historically. So if you go back and look at the synergies that we've created, as we've done these acquisitions plus the sales growth that we've created, the best practices, so we're taking a look at all of that. We'll also be looking externally at, obviously, other examples outside of PPG. And we'll see how those performed. And obviously, we have a super experienced Board of Directors. They have their own experiences that they'll be feathering questions to us. So I think it'll be a pretty exhaustive review.
Michael McGarry: Yes. So I think, as we've talked about in the past, P.J., we do run a global architectural business. So we have probably, in the U.S., somewhere in that 10 to 25 store range. In Mexico, it will be over 200. In Europe, it'll be in the 10 to 15 range. So in Australia, we're still -- we don't have a firm number, but it's at least 3 to 5. So I think those are the kind of numbers you can be expecting.
Michael McGarry: Yes. Just one correction, Kevin. We didn't say turning favorable in the second half. Our current expectation right now is low single-digit inflation for the year. Again, more of that in the beginning of the year. Obviously, this is a dynamic situation with -- especially with the price of oil, et cetera. But again, our expectation is low single digit -- very low single-digit inflation averaged for the full year but front-loaded.
Michael McGarry: Well, we deliver in real-time. So it's a just-in-time delivery. And the Chinese market, they're probably up about 5 to 7 days of inventory. But if they were to put incentives out there, what we saw in 2016 when they did this, we saw pretty immediate improvement in operating rates and pretty immediate improvement in sales rate. So I would tell you, we'll just have to wait and see what the actual incentives are and when they're effective. But historically, that has translated very quickly into improvement in sales.
Michael McGarry: Yes. So we have 1.3 million builds in -- for the new one, we have about the same, 5 million and change for overall units turning over. So we don't have a big difference. Res repaint for us, I would say, we're undersized in that market. We're much more commercial and maintenance type painter in that area. So that probably will not have a significant impact on us. We're still anticipating that architectural will have a good year. There's a significant amount of backlog with our painters, and they feel very comfortable that their order book looks good.
Michael McGarry: Well, we don't allow our sales team to use weather as an excuse. So we're not going to use it here. Our customers are trying to paint every single day, and it's up to us to try to make sure they're equipped to be productive. All I would tell you is that we're anticipating to be back to that mid-single-digit kind of numbers in Q1. It's way too early to tell because January is a month that's seasonally exceptionally slow. And March is, by far, the most important number in that.
Michael McGarry: I would tell you that there wasn't that much of a meaningful difference. You have to -- for us, I would say, it'd be more guesswork than splitting hairs on trying to figure out that impact, because you got different days, you got different regions, you got different impact of weather. So I would just tell you that we're going to -- we're pretty confident go into next year that architectural buyings in our stores is going to continue. The do-it-for-me trend is a positive, and that trend is going to continue.
Michael McGarry: I'm not forecasting that, Frank, right now. We are forecasting a slowdown in Europe, but not a recession. The big unknown, of course, is Brexit. That could be a significant factor. But we do see significant differences by country, and that's the bigger thing. Even Germany slowed down in the fourth quarter. And that's not necessarily a good sign, but we'll wait and see how it continues.
Michael McGarry: Well, if you'd tell me what would happen with the tariffs, then I would have an answer for you. I think, right now, China wants to -- we see a lot of positives in certain of our businesses. Marine is a positive there. Refinish is a positive there. Aerospace is a positive there. So we see a number of good indicators, but clearly, consumer confidence is down. Appliance is down. Coil is down. OEM obviously is down. So I think it'll come back. I mean, it is too big of a market not to come back. And we know that they have plenty money over there. And so it's just a matter of getting that consumer confidence back. So we have a very positive long-term outlook on China.
Michael McGarry: Well, first of all, the pricing is catch-up, right? So we don't price just in the real-time environment of today. We have to look at how it's been the last 9 quarters. Now it's 10 quarters of inflation. So our customers understand that. They see it in their own numbers. They see it in their own freight and logistics numbers. So the question isn't a matter of if. It's a matter of how much.
Michael McGarry: We've always used EPS as one of our metrics. Has been for quite some period of time. And so we didn't make a change. What we wanted to do was reinforce that the executive incentives will be paid out on exceeding the upper end of the range at 10%.
Michael McGarry: Yes. Kevin, I think I've tried to make that point clear on my opening remarks. We had positive price in OEM in all regions, and that was the first. So now we have all 8 business segments reporting positive price. We even had positive price in China, which was, if you remember, our 2 biggest challenges were: A, automotive; and B, China. So we had both positive. So we're going to get price in automotive. We're going to get more price in Q1, and then we'll get more price in Q2. So these guys are large, sophisticated buyers, and it's not easy. But they do understand the challenges that we have. And obviously, they very much want to have access to our technology, and in exchange for that, they're willing to pay a fair price.
Michael McGarry: Well, we're always looking at optimizing our resin portfolio. And we don't typically change them on a quarterly basis, what's happening with propylene and ethylene. I think, from a long-term perspective, we're still bullish that the PDH expansions will drive more consistent pricing in propylene and that there'll be more capacity out there. They've struggled getting these plants to consistently run, but there are more of them coming on. So I think, right now, you probably should not assume that we're going to be shifting systems -- resin systems.
Michael McGarry: Well, like I said earlier, we do strategic reviews of all our businesses on a continuous basis. So there was really no kickoff, if you will. What we wanted to do was let people know that we take all the feedback we get from investors seriously and that we're going to evaluate. We don't always -- we don't always have the best ideas internally, that there could be external ideas that we need to consider. But we're not going to predict what the outcome is going to be. I think we want to take a very serious look at all our businesses and all our regions and then decide what's the best path forward.
Michael McGarry: So Ian, we have a very choppy environment right now, right? We have currency moving all over the place. You got China. You got automotive. You got tariffs. You got raw materials. So I think those were all things that we wanted to be a little bit more transparent on. And we knew that the first half of the year and the second half of the year were going to be different, and we wanted to provide that kind of clarity so that you could put that into your models.
Michael McGarry: No. We continue to capture more synergies. I mean, I'll take Comex as a perfect example, right? We closed on Comex 4 years ago. And protective sales in Mexico were up significantly. We built a new architectural business in Central America. We've grown our industrial. We've grown our architectural sales into the automotive plants down in Mexico. Our Mexican business is up significantly since the Comex acquisition, and that's just one illustration of the synergies between the industrial and automotive -- I mean, industrial and architectural businesses.
Michael McGarry: Sure. There'd be two major ones. Of course, raw materials is one. That's an easy one. The second one would be sales synergies. So SEM, of course, has a small sales force. They're pretty much a U.S. and a little bit of a Canadian business. Very, very little international business to speak of. Also, there'll be some reverse synergies. They have the capability of packaging aerosol. So that will be something that we'll be looking at, whether that makes sense for us to move that in-house versus us currently outsourcing it. So this should be a good acquisition for us. They're a very profitable company, and they're excited to be part of the PPG team.
Michael McGarry: Well, refinish is a global market. I mean, Europe was slightly positive. China was slightly positive. India was positive. Mexico was flat. I would say, overall, it was -- the quarter came in about where we're expecting it.
Michael McGarry: So we are not backing off on our price. We still have significant margin recovery that we need to capture because of 2017, and the start of it in the fourth quarter 2016. So the sales teams are focused on that. Automotive is the furthest behind, so that will continue to have significant amount of pressure. We've had good increases in our industrial businesses, and so we would expect that to continue. And then, from an architectural standpoint, we're pleased to see that all the players in the marketplace are finally serious about getting price globally, and that is helping getting more traction. So I don't anticipate any by letting a foot off the accelerator at this point, given the fact that we still have significant raw material inflation capture.
Michael McGarry: That's not the only variable, right? I mean, we have certain key markets that are performing very well. Our Romanian business had a record year. Our Czech, Slovak businesses were good. The Benelux was solid. Surprisingly, retail -- we were a little surprised, retail in France was better than we expected. So we'll wait and see if that's a short-term anomaly or what, but that was a positive. So our big challenge still is trade France. That is still the biggest business we'd like to see click back into a positive number. We are gaining share in the U.K. and Ireland, but it's really choppy with Brexit right now. So we're not going to be drawing any conclusions at this point in time.
Michael McGarry: Yes. So the trend line of do-it-for-me is going to continue over DIY. So that trend line is not going to change. The same-store sales is going to be a combination of volume and price. It's going to be both. So I would anticipate that, that will continue to be a good story for PPG in 2019.
Vincent Morales: Yes. I'll start, and Michael may chime in here as well. This is Vince. If you look at the sales guidance, again, we're expecting pricing somewhere in the same level as we received this year. We had 2% pricing in 2018. We're targeting something in that -- in a comparable range in order to recover our raw material inflation over the past couple of years. We do expect some volume growth that's tempered by what I just mentioned earlier, which is the assortment change. So net volume growth will be probably in the 1% to 1.5% range, depending on how certain end markets break. And then, we have some acquisition sales that are included in our financial metrics pages that we put in the presentation. From a perspective of restructuring savings, that's going to be pro rata throughout the year. So that's what I would assume.
Vincent Morales: Yes, David. We didn't give a target. If you look historically, we've given cash deployment target of the past couple of years. Part of the reason for us giving the target the past couple of years is we did lever down at the end of 2016. We tried to do an acquisition that didn't work, so we wanted to give confidence that we were going to deploy the excess cash on our balance sheet. As we sit here today, and we have a solid investment-grade balance sheet, we think that's at a premium in today's economic climate. We're going to have -- we're going to sit tight and analyze what's going on economically and we're not going to give a cash deployment target in the near term. Our preference remains acquisitions. We do have a very active pipeline I'm sure we'll talk through in the call today. That's evidenced by the 3 acquisitions we announced here in the last 90 days or so, and we still have acquisitions in the pipeline.
Vincent Morales: Yes, Alex. This is Vince. As I said in, I think, in the opening -- my opening remarks, we do have a variety of headwinds in the first half and in Q1 that we anniversary mid-year. Those include the assortment change. We do expect automotive globally to get better in the back half of the year, in the first half of the year. We have currency translation impacts and several other headwinds in the first half that we have talked about throughout all of '18. And again, most of those anniversary as we approach the middle of the year. Plus, we're continuing to get pricing in place, and we have growing benefit from restructuring. So those would be the big causation factors that give us confidence that the back half will be better than the first half.
Vincent Morales: No. Michael addressed it just a few questions ago. Again, we're evaluating what we put out in the press release. We've targeted a commitment to complete that evaluation by the second quarter. We always look at our portfolio business-by-business, product-by-product, region-by-region. But that evaluation strategically is the one we announced in the press release today.
Vincent Morales: And Duffy, if you look over a longer period of time for the company, and again, this is averaging so it doesn't match in any particular year, we're typically 2/3 organic, 1/3 inorganic in terms of our ability to grow. We've done acquisitions, as Michael mentioned, over 20 in the last couple of years. We've done over 50 in the last decade-plus. So that would be the inorganic piece. Organically, whether it's price, whether it's volume growth, depending on what's going on with raw materials, that would be the 2/3.
Vincent Morales: Okay. If you look in our presentation materials, Duffy, we put in there that the announced acquisitions would add somewhere between $225 million and $275 million to the calendar year. That's assuming they close, and we expect that's obviously our expectation and got to go through the required regulatory process, which we don't control. But that would give you the top line marker.
Vincent Morales: Yes, Jeff. This is Vince. Yes. We definitely have been targeting improvement in our working capital metrics. Unfortunately, in 2018, in the back half -- in the back part of the year, the metrics worsened a little bit. We attributed a little bit of that to we ended on a 3- or 4-day weekend. So our receivables are higher than we had hoped. We did continue our normal payment process. So we did make payments through our normal schedule. So our payables were lower on a comparative basis. But we definitely have stretched targets in 2019 for working capital, and that's definitely a focal point for both Michael and I and the senior team here as they get working capital back moving in the right direction.
Vincent Morales: P.J., this is Vince. We're not going to speculate on trading multiples. That's the job of the equity markets. We're going to analyze and evaluate what we said, again, in the press release. We're going to determine what the synergies or dissynergies are of that. Again, our commitment is to complete that. We're not going to do that evaluation over the phone today.
Vincent Morales: Well, again, we gave macro. We expect the margins to be up in 2019 for the full year. We're not going to provide it by quarter. There's too many moving pieces and parts in each quarter. But again, it'll be back-half loaded.
Vincent Morales: If I could, Emily, I just want to emphasize what Michael said. There isn't a significant inventory overhang in China. Inventories are up a few days, but inventory is relatively well in check. So it wouldn't take a long time for this to have a meaningful impact on production.
Vincent Morales: No. We haven't talked about cash deployment. And again, our focus right now is to maintain our balance sheet today in the economic times we're in. We do have an active pipeline, as I mentioned earlier. That would be a priority for us. The EPS range we put out there is our best guess of what we know today. We put a stake in the ground with respect to our incentive comp metrics on the top end of that range. So I'd say, certainly, that's a commitment from the management team. But again, it's based on our best guess of the economy today, and there's a bunch of moving pieces, as we talked throughout the call.
Vincent Morales: Yes. I'd say, the only place where we've seen what I would call dramatic shifts in orders is really in the automotive market, particularly in China, but a little bit in Europe. We've seen extended downtime. Again, that's not a PPG-specific issue. That's an industry issue. Everywhere else, things get a little choppy in the winter. Things get a little choppy around year-end as there's inventory management by our customers. So there's nothing uncommon other than in automotive.
Vincent Morales: Yes. This is Vince. That's the target for the full year based on when we expect the pending acquisitions to close. Again, we expect Whitford, as Michael mentioned, to close sometime between middle to late first quarter. We expect Hemmelrath to close in the second quarter. We don't have as much visibility on timing. Those two acquisitions, plus the Whitford acquisition, which we closed in the fourth quarter...
Vincent Morales: I'm sorry. SEM, I apologize, that we closed in the fourth quarter. So that will grow throughout the year based on when those acquisitions close.
Vincent Morales: No. If you look at SG&A costs, they were down on an absolute basis, but they were comparable to the prior quarters on a percentage of sales basis. Since we buy, make, sell local, we do have a lot of currency translation effects that run through all the P&L lines. But again, on a percentage of sales basis, we were pretty consistent throughout the year. We were down about 100 basis points in most quarters year-over-year on SG&A. And again, the anomalies by quarter are more driven by currency translation.
Vincent Morales: Again, our focus is what we put on in the press release. We're going to study the portfolio we have today. We're not going to another derivative.
