David Zaslav: Sure. Thanks Ben. Look, I think that the existing marketplace in the U.S. is going to stay as it is. I don’t think it’s going to grow the ecosystem in terms of the basic cable bundle, but it seems to be quite stable. What we are learning outside the U.S. we are – is that if we have super fan content, our Eurosport app that’s $8 a month, we are getting big spikes before the Australian Open with people signing up, where they can get eight courts. It’s not affecting our viewership on Eurosport at all. We got a big spike right before the Tour de France. So that owning sports rights, particularly for affinity groups, we don’t need to own the big soccer. And so we have been out acquiring a lot of specialty rights that we think can really bolster that business. And with 250,000 people and growing, we are talking to them. We are seeing what they like. And so I think if anything we have learned that the superfan group gives really valuable that people still love to watch TV traditionally, but when they are going out of their home and there is something that they really love and sports is probably the easiest one. The other area that we think we have a real chance to monetize is down in Latin America, where we have kids, which is another sports and kids being probably the two areas that most lend themselves to the superfan and the direct-to-consumer. But we are also offering an over-the-top service in Northern Europe, in Norway, Denmark, Sweden and Finland with Dplay and we are finding some success with that. Here in the U.S., we are hoping that TV Everywhere continues to grow. We were very effective in getting our deals done at the end of the year with big step-ups and double-digit increases. You see our increased distribution fees coming through. It was six last year. We expected though that they will grow outside of Comcast high single and drive to double-digit. So, we are getting real value for our content. TV Everywhere will help that and be additive. We did Hulu. We did Sony. The good news for us is we own all of our content. There is great superfans for Oprah. We have superfans for Science. Discovery is the number one network for men again. And so, we believe our content has a lot of value. We just have to figure out how to do it. The best way would be a broad deployment of TV Everywhere in the U.S. and maybe taking some of our superfan affinity groups and going after them, the way Oprah is now with offering courses for $60 or $70 to do deep dives. But I think that the ecosystem here in the U.S. is going to stay basically as it is for the next 3 years. And the question is 4, 5, 6 years from now, will there be a peel off of this direct-to-consumer business? I think mostly in the U.S., if TV Everywhere doesn’t develop the way that it should, which would be a positive for all of us, and if it doesn’t it would be – it will require all of us to go directly to consumer, because the cable guys aren’t getting it done.
David Zaslav: The area that we are seeing improvement is in volume. For our guidance, we have assumed that it will remain tepid for the year. So far, 5, 6weeks in, it’s better than what we have projected, but we really don’t have a lot of visibility to how it’s going to be for the next three quarters and so we have assumed that it’s going to be tepid.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Anthony. Look, I think that when we look at Discovery Channel in general, we feel great about it. First, it’s terrific to have a strong creative leader with Rich there. And he has brought on a few good people in areas where we thought that we could build on. And we also have a great team at Discovery. But when you look at Discovery last year, it was flat. Outside the U.S., we were up double-digit. So, we are up in 229 countries double-digit and in the U.S. we are flat. One thing to remember is we program our channels, Discovery, Animal Planet, Science, TLC, ID, we program these globally, Velocity, but it gives us tremendous leverage. So, the fact that in 229 countries we were up double-digit, and in the U.S., we were flat. That actually was a successful year for us. We are not satisfied, because the U.S. is a big market and we want to drive it. The good news is that Discovery has shown a tremendous amount of strength coming into this first – into the first 6 weeks of the year. We are up more than 20% from where we were in the third and fourth quarter. Discovery is now the number one non-sports network in America, every week of the last 6 weeks. On Friday nights, Discovery is the number one network in America, including the broadcasters for men. And to your point, one of Rich’s key initiatives is to bring more women back. If you look at Discovery outside the U.S., we have much more co-viewing in terms of a younger demographic and we have much more women watching. And we have taken a big step on Friday nights, where we have Gold Rush and Alaskan Bush. Not only we are the number one network feeding to broadcasters, but Alaskan Bush is the number one network – we are the number one network for women on Friday night from 10:00 to 11:00. And so this drive of bringing back women and bringing back a younger generation to co-view, which is something we saw here in the U.S., we got away from a little bit in the last 2 or 3 years. Rich is target focused on that, but Discovery is very strong. It’s strong here in the U.S., it’s strong around the world. And I think Rich is going to take it to the next level. On the issue of pushing our programming a little bit, we – right now, we have – we are going to get back to some of our traditional programming, a little bit more of our natural history, science and space. That stuff is working much better outside the U.S. and we want the big blue chip stuff. So, we will drive that. And we will also push on some scripted, but it’s going to be – it won’t be a lot, it will be just some, because we think it needs to be part of the overall recipe. And when we do it we will be doing it with content that works around the world. And we do make choices. If we wanted Discovery to be up 5% or 6% last year, we could have done it. We opted not to do certain programming that we thought would do well in the U.S., but wouldn’t play well outside the U.S. And so, our sharing ratio was up to 85, which makes us more efficient and the scripted programming that we’ll do and Rich has one scripted series that we think is going to be very strong around the world.
David Zaslav: And when we look at our international business, we have full conviction and we – we have full conviction because these things are cyclical. We are looking at growing our international business double-digit. We are looking at drive. We have our local teams in place. Our market share grew over 13% last year. We think we can do that again this year. A lot of others are not investing internationally. Our model of global brands and global content gives us tremendous efficiency. And we love our international business. I think over time, things can flip the other way, where it’s working for us, but we are continuing to drive our market share and we are being helped by the fact that others are walking away. We also have conviction in Russia. We have a big business there. We have great brands and there is some challenges, in terms of the politics. But having said that, by the end of the year we need to restructure where we own only 20% of the entity, but there has been a lot of interest in our brands, in our content, in getting us value for that and there has also been some green shoots around Putin looking again at pay-TV. So for us, we think Russia is a long-term growth market. There is certainly a lot of turbulence there, but our cost of content is very low. We have a huge amount of content in Russian language that’s already there and relationships. So while others are saying let’s invest less internationally and let’s walk away from Russia, we are staying in Russia and we are continuing to push very hard on international, where we see not only great growth, but a lot of what we have talked about in terms of what’s facing the U.S. market, the slowing behavioral changes in the way content is consumed. Latin America is 4 years, 5 years, 6 years behind. There are markets in Eastern Europe that may be more than that. So we see it as a big hedge and a big opportunity to take advantage of what we have built over the last 7 years or 8 years.
David Zaslav: Okay. Thanks Doug. Nancy is a good friend. I spent many years on the board of A&E. I think in history, she is doing a very nice job for them and she is a great programmer. I would say that I somewhat disagree. I think the risk taking has been too much. We are actually going in the other direction. If you look at what’s happened to nonfiction, you see the aggressiveness of picking really kind of wacky characters of – it’s almost become scripted in the way that it’s presented. And I think the audience here in America gets it. They get that this isn’t really nonfiction, that some of these fights aren’t real, that some of these characters aren’t real. And so what’s really been working for us is forget about what everyone else is doing, which is looking for more extreme characters, more extreme contention, to get back to basics. And we have actually made a strategic decision to do that and it's working for us. If you look at Treehouse Masters, no one is throwing mud at each other in Treehouse Masters. This past Tuesday night we did 19 and Counting. We are the number one network in America for women. And we got a 26 in the demo and what is it about, it’s about a family that home schools their kids and we followed it with another very wholesome family that’s struggling with the issues that everyone in America is struggling. And so for us, whether it’s Alaskan Bush, Gold Rush, Last Frontier, 19 Kids and Counting, Treehouse Masters, we think that a lot of the nonfiction challenge has been going into this extreme area. We are getting back to great characters, heroic characters that are doing jobs, that are facing challenges that all of us as we sit on the couch look at and admire. That’s why people love Gold Rush. That’s why they still, after 11 seasons, they love Deadliest Catch. Last Frontier and Bush are about families living off the grid. And so I think that nonfiction is working very well for us. And we have to remember what we do best, which is great authentic characters that are fighting the fight to live – to make the best of their lives and when we do that, we do very well.
David Zaslav: Okay. Look, I think we came off of a slowdown in the second half of last year where the volume just stopped. Volume is better now, but we are just not prepared to give guidance to say that volume is going to continue at this level and accelerate. So, I think your guess is as good as ours. On the upfront, that was really a decision that was driven by Joe Abroze and the team. We looked at who has been coming to the upfront over the last couple of years and then we looked at who comes to a number of the dinners that we do around that time. And we find that the more senior players are coming to the dinners and that we weren’t getting the buyers that are making a difference in the upfront. So, we are going to have a lot of the same material. We are going to have the same sell. But we are going to do it in small teams going directly to the buyers and the agencies and we think this year that that could be more effective. We will assess how it goes. It was really Joe feeling that going to the offices of the actual buyers will be stronger, getting directly to the buyers themselves.
David Zaslav: Well, look the fact – obviously, it plays both ways. So, to the extent that there are assets outside the U.S., they are more than 15% cheaper than they were a few months ago because of the currency. Having said that, we have a – we now have more than 10 channels in 220 countries and we have a business that we think we can grow significantly over the next several years. So, we don’t want to buy anything that’s going to – that would slow us down. And so we have the advantage of having probably more synergy than anyone else. We have boots on the ground to make the assessment, but we are going to be disciplined, because I think we have a very good hand. We are way out front internationally. We are growing. And most of our competitors are not investing and walking away. So, we are getting a lot of growth just by doing what we are doing. So, I think that’s what you will see. If we can get good synergy and we can buy and grow faster, we will do it. Otherwise, there is no reason to stretch.
David Zaslav: I will hit it generally. A piece of that – a piece of that was Russia and a piece of it was you can take a look at our market share growth. Our market share growth in the fourth quarter was a little bit better than 10% whereas the rest of the year it was more like 13% or 14%. And so that is sort of a measure that we follow like a laser how many people – are we getting more people spending more time with our channels? Are market shares doing a little better now? And part of it also has to do with the marketplace. Aside from just Russia, we saw strength across Eastern and Western Europe. We saw a lot of strength in Latin America. And for first time in the fourth quarter, Asia was not double-digit, where it’s been, but it’s been mostly made up for the fact that Brazil has just been exploding. One of the things that we are seeing in Latin America is how important Brazil is to us. Advertising revenue, up almost 50% last year in Brazil and in the first quarter, we are seeing, even though it’s lapping, similar. So, the fact that it’s gotten to 30% penetration in Brazil, that’s kind of triggered the advertising marketplace to start spending more time there. So, I think we are losing – we lost Russia. We have picked up a lot in Brazil. And the rest of the marketplace is pretty strong with the exception of Asia.
David Zaslav: Great. Let me handle the Nielsen piece. As you look around the world, it’s sad that you look at the U.S. as being on the lower end of antiquated measurement systems. It’s maybe the most robust advertising market in the world and the most efficient. And yet, the measurement is very weak. You go to markets like Norway and its cue tone based. So anybody that watches anything, whether you watch it in a bar, you watch it at your vacation house, whether you watch it on your iPad, it counts. And viewership in Norway is up 15%. Before they implemented last year this new system, it showed that viewership on television was down double-digit. And it was a huge swing. We are working with Nielsen, all the programmers are. The problem is it’s a monopoly here in the U.S. It is a real challenge. And there is no question that it’s under measuring, but it’s the system that we have. When you look at, for instance, how we do when you aggregate – one of the reasons we went to live plus three is our viewership is up dramatically. And there is just a lot of unmeasured here in the U.S. So, it is what it is. Outside the U.S., we do a little bit better. I think they will fix it over time, but it’s a problem.
David Zaslav: And it’s a playbook that we have been playing for a long time. It’s how we went from 5% of viewership with 14 channels here in the U.S. to almost 13% of viewership now when almost the majority of media companies have lost market share. We picked up hockey rights for not that expensive in Northern Europe. So, we know that we have this Eurosport channel that’s in 130 million homes, the only platform like it. We know we have an average of 10 traditional channels in every market, but we have two to three other sports channels that we are getting paid on that are in basic. And so when we buy the hockey rights, we now have a hockey – a regional hockey channel that we have launched in Sweden. And so – and it wasn’t very expensive. And we have seen the value of the regional sports networks here in the U.S., with the YES Network – with the YES Network being more valuable than the Yankees themselves. And so we see the playbook. The cost of a lot of this content when we could pick up Affinity sports is not that high. We already have the channels. We won’t have these, what we are calling regional sports networks in every country. But the ability to pick up rights and just flip a switch and have a pan-European Eurosport, our 10 channels and then, boom, we got a hockey channel. Now, we are going to distributors, we are going to advertisers, our incremental costs not that high. We think that could be a real accelerator for us.
Andy Warren: Yes, sure, Ben. So look for the first quarter, what we said was we expect U.S. ad sales to accelerate from the down three we experienced in the fourth quarter. So, we do see pricing that’s solid relative to the upfront. We are seeing cancellations and options that are kind of at or better than normal levels. Look, the biggest determiner for us will continue to be the variability of our delivery. So, we definitely see still a relatively tepid environment. It’s kind of the word we used and carefully chose that word, but we do think we will have a slightly better performance in the first quarter and that kind of continued slightly better performance than the fourth quarter throughout 2015.
Andy Warren: Your question Anthony about the segment reporting, a couple of comments. We wanted for investors to clarify and simplify kind of how we look at the business. Obviously, the studio business is very different from the networks business. So, as we have invested in IP as we have grown our presence in the studio business, we wanted to separate that and have it clarified so that the U.S. networks, international networks will truly stand alone. So, within this new segment called education and studios, we do expect for 2015 education have a slightly lower OIBDA than it had in 2014 as we invest in a longer cycle tech book. And also we expect studios to have a continued loss profile as again we build that asset and own more and more global IP. So think in terms of that segment, while I understand that OIBDA was meaningfully down in the fourth quarter, driven by again investment in assets, particularly long cycle tech book as well as studio IP. And we expect in ‘15 again that to be roughly breakeven to OIBDA for that segment.
Andy Warren: Yes. Kannan to add to that, we have said that a strategic and financial imperative for us is to grow our margin for our international business and you can see that we did that by 200 basis points in 2014. So to your point, we are definitely seeing and driving that leverage. So as we think about 2015, while investing in sports and that will create a lot of long-term leverage in value, we will depress margins. Outside Eurosport and outside foreign exchange, we still see margin accretion for international business. Even despite what I mentioned was that $50 million bad guy associated with the collapse of the Russian currency and the economy. So we still see that operating leverage. We are having a lot of success on cost productivity. We have done a really good job on driving cost synergies above SBS and Eurosport. So we are going to invest in content that drives value. We are going to continue to look at cost productivity to ensure base organic margins are up year over year over year.
Andy Warren: No, there is definitely a cash impact as well. While it is translation, there is – when the day is done, this is both a transactional and translation risk. So, our all-in reported free cash flow expectation of up low single-digits certainly includes the fact that FX is depressing our currency impact of cash flows as well.
Andy Warren: Just to add one other point, because we have the most profitable international business, obviously, the strengthening dollar impacts us significantly, but it’s important to realize that a lot of the things that we have done with regard to like issuing euro debt a year ago, the TF1 put that’s opened, all of those actually are helping us the other way. In dollar terms, that Euro debt is now less expensive. The put in dollar terms is now less expensive. And so a lot of those activities actually help to offset the dollar translation of our very profitable business.
Andy Warren: Yes. Doug, to answer your question, your math is very much in line with kind of our thinking. Our pre-FX adjusted EPS of up high single to low double translate to the kind of math and process you just laid out.
Andy Warren: Yes. Just to elaborate on that from a purely financial perspective, we still very much hold the – any deal criteria has to have a low-teen un-levered IRR. And when we compare any allocation of capital to M&A, we compare it to the IRR we get on repurchasing our shares, which has an extremely high IRR, not only given where our stock is today, but also given our free cash per share growth profile. So, while you are right, the assets are cheaper in dollar terms, there still is very much to the hurdle around IRRs in comparison to share repurchases.
Andy Warren: Yes. In 2014, the business performed very well. It was kind of at or better than our deal expectations for the full year, which we only consolidated 7 months, but for the full year, revenues were up nicely and profits were up nicely as well. Part of the commentary around ‘15 is well we are going to be consolidating the full year. We do expect the margins on Eurosport standalone to go from high-teen to high single-digits, but one thing David talked about was it’s less relevant, I think today more than ever to look at Eurosport by itself, because the overall leverage we are getting across the whole international portfolio. So, I think as we talk about Eurosport, it’s got to be on the holistic view versus just Eurosport itself, because so much of the benefits we are deriving are outside the four walls of just Eurosport performance.
Andy Warren: And just to add to that, Todd, part of this is just the law of large numbers, right. We had almost $1.2 billion of total ad sales in 2013 international. In 2014, it’s almost $1.5 billion. And so we are still expecting that as we said in the guidance for that to be still in that low double-digit range throughout 2015, so the proof point is still there. We still very much have a larger share of audience and share of economics and we still see that momentum continuing in most of our markets with Russia and the Russia ad ban being a significant issue and one reason why, to your point, the growth is slowing a little bit.
Andy Warren: Got it. Well, Todd, you are right. I mean, the commentary about high single, low doubles includes Eurosport, includes Family. And so there is a benefit of the consolidating more periods of time for those assets, but if you exclude those on a core basis, you really kind of at mid to high single on organic revenue. To your point, we said that advertising will be better than the fourth quarter results. So, call it in line, maybe a little lower than we had for the full year U.S. in 2014. We said we have seen acceleration of U.S. affiliate, because of the deals that we successfully have gotten done as well as the inclusion of Sony. And then for international, we said kind of high single affiliate and low double ad. So, all those together kind of gets you to that mid to high single organic, excluding Eurosport and Family.
Andy Warren: And then, on Eurosport, Alexia, look we will be and continue to be extremely cautious about which sports rights we go after. And again, it’s all about a combination of both strengthening our pan-European, but also probably even more importantly the hyper local aspects of Eurosport and how we can get the benefits. So, yes, we are going to have increased content spend in ‘15. We will continue to have increased content spend in ‘16 and ‘17. It will moderate relative to what we see the opportunity being this year. But, again, I want to make sure everyone understands that we are going to do it in a very thoughtful, cautious and careful way. But we do think it’s an asset if we invest in will drive at a tremendous amount of long-term value for the entire international portfolio.
