David Zaslav: Thanks Ben. Well, first, we have a terrific set of IP in Germany and we went after it with some purpose because it’s the largest market in Germany. It’s also a very competitive market with Vodafone, Deutsche Telekom, Liberty Global, The Zygo, Sky. There are a lot of platforms. It’s quite aggressive in terms of offering content on all platforms. And we own all of our IP in Europe on every platform. And so when we bought this IP, if it shows up on mobile, it isn’t because a league sold it. It’s because we sold it. So we did attack Germany specifically, as having, we think a lot of upside. The Olympics in general, is going much better than planned. We said when we bought the Olympics that it would – that we would make money and we think now we will make more money. We have done a number of deals, many deals. We just did Poland last week. We were able to get in our BBC deal. There were two markets where we didn’t have the Olympics in ‘18 and ‘20. We got back a lot of the Olympic IP and a lot of it digitally in the UK through our BBC deal. Every deal that we have done has been ahead of plan and we haven’t begun to attack some of the other platforms. And in every deal, we have retained all digital rights. So in some cases, we may have given some digital rights, but we still have – we will be the only place that you can get all of the Olympics on any one platform. And so we feel very good about that. And we have also – because of how well we have done, we feel confident in certain markets and take the Olympics ourselves. So for instance, in Germany, we will – we have our free-to-air Eurosport. We have two other free-to-air channels. We also have eight pay-TV channels. We are the leader in sports.com with Eurosport.com and we have our player. And so we are stepping up with the Olympics ourselves, which we are super excited about. We think we can do very well with it. We also think we are going to enhance all of those assets. We played this game before when I was at NBC. We now have the rings on Eurosport and those rings belong to us for almost the next decade. And it was a big helper to NBC to have those rings and in the Olympic Games. And we think we can build some asset value on top of making money. Finally, on LTi and Sky, we like the fact that the market is competitive. We have some very good Bundesliga games. With that, together with MotoGP, together with all the tennis majors and all the cycling and owning most of that, taking it back so that it’s exclusive, we think we can go at that market very aggressively. We already have a strong brand. And finally, that’s going to be a center point for us in terms of our player because our IP is so strong and so – and the Bundesliga is effectively the NFL or stronger in Germany. And two nights a week, if you want to see the Bundesliga, the only place to see it will be us.
David Zaslav: The only thing I would add, Ben and we said this publicly is that we did not make – we purposely did not have the Bundesliga and the Olympics be part of our Sky deal. And so we have that IP, which we are kidding to do with Sky, do together with Sky and all of us in the market do ourselves. We have full optionality and that will be now Bundesliga starts.
David Zaslav: Well, just in terms of the distribution, we are on Sony, we are on – we have five channels on DirecTV Now. We have – we got out in front of this idea of kind of really focusing our channels. Our deals provide that about 85% of the economics are against five of our channels and we have really focused on making them stronger. So, ID and TLC and OWN being female, ID being number two in America, OWN number one for African-Americans, TLC right now number one in Middle America and strengthening Discovery and Science and Animal Planet. At the same time, there is a lot of talk now of focusing on just the bigger networks. We, over the last 4 years, have – we have been way ahead of the curve on that. And our smaller networks, we have been really focused on making them super fan networks. So we have Velocity that it isn’t a large audience, but it’s very compelling audience. Discovery Español, number one for men in the Hispanic space. Discovery Familia, a family Hispanic service, really focused on the fact that if in the years ahead there is a move to skinnier bundles and I think the – that will happen over time, but over the next couple of years, the impact is going to be quite small. But if it does, we have been on every skinny bundle outside the U.S. And so as we did all of our deals, we structured them this way, because as we have taken 5 or 6 channels in Brazil, we had the same model. We got 85% of the money, but then we actually got more ad revenue, because people spent more time with our channels and our brands got stronger. In addition, we are talking to Hulu, we are talking to Google, we are talking to all the players. And I think we have 12% to 13% of viewership. We have top channels for men, for women in different ethnic groups. And we are – I am not proud of this, but we are 12% or 13% of the viewership and we are about 6% of the money. Most of the money is going to sports and re-trans. And so to carry our channels is quite inexpensive. And so on a practical level, it should happen.
David Zaslav: Great. Well, I will give you the general and Andy can give you more of the detail. More than 20 was Sweden and we have been working very hard on our Northern European SBS business. It’s about 20 million people, but we were running it as – it’s run as four different countries Norway, Denmark, Sweden and Finland and that’s the way all media business are run up there. And there has been some meaningful decline in that whole region and part of it has to do with the fact that culturally everybody speaks English. And unlike most of the other countries in Europe, there is a love for U.S. entertainment content. And so when Netflix went into that market and HBO went into that market, it’s a market that they have done very well in. And so there has been about 20% decline over the last 2.5 years in viewership, which hit us. It’s still a very strong free cash flow asset for us and pretty compelling, but it has had an impact on us in terms of subs and viewership. It’s leveling off to some extent, but I expect that it’s probably going to continue to decline on a secular basis. But what we have done is we have begun to attack it from a cost perspective aggressively. We got Mike Lang now running that business, who ran Miramax and a very strong operating guy. And we are now starting to run it as one unit. So instead of four independent countries, we think there is a more cost we can take out of that business and not affect what we are putting on the screen and be more effective. And we are starting to see that a little bit this quarter as fourth quarter was started to – our ad sales started to grow and they are accelerating in this first quarter for the first time. It’s too early to say that kind of we have hit bottom and now it’s going to get a lot better, but it’s certainly getting better in the first quarter. And finally, we were getting a lot of – a significant amount of nourishment, maybe 25% of the nourishment on those channels which is coming from U.S. entertainment stuff. So, we were out there buying scripted series, comedies and movies. And because that’s so available now on HBO and on Netflix in particular, the viewership of it was declining. And so we have now written off a lot of that stuff and we are finding that our ratings there is good or better with the stuff that we own and we are getting out of the business of that entertainment stuff, which we were getting quite leveraged on and we are paying a huge amount for. And so I am pretty happy and pretty bullish about the fact that we are off that gravy train of having to compete between – we are one of two or three of the big broadcasters there and we are fighting in each case with all the big U.S. entertainment companies over who is going to get the movies and the comedy series and the scripted, we are getting out of that and that’s what you saw.
David Zaslav: Okay. Thanks, Kannan. Well, first let me just disagree with the premise of that. And if it turns out that you are right, which we are betting that that’s directionally where it’s going to go, it’s a homerun for us. But viewership on Eurosport was up more than 20% in the fourth quarter, 23%. Viewership so far this year is up significantly. The brand is stronger. We have more live content. We don’t expect that we are going to spend a lot more year to year. We don’t need to spend more. We feel like the IP package that we have right now for Eurosport is about right and it’s actually paying off for us. It’s strong enough that we can package it together with Discovery, which is number one in the market in factual and our female networks and put it all together and get very significant increases, which we talked about, where it’s going to – you are going to be seeing 12, 13. And a year from now, you will see higher than that as we continue to grow our affiliate fees, which we have been – which we said we were going to do and we did it. We do own all these – all of this IP direct-to-consumer. And if in fact there is a transition direct-to-consumer, there is only one player in Europe which is more than twice the size of U.S. that’s playing that game. And that’s us. We have been out in the market now for 1.5 years. We have been talking to consumers. We did our deal with BAM six months ago. We are going to begin to roll that out in three months. It will be fully rolled out in six months. And we are the only pan-European player. We have the cycling. We have all the Olympic sports. We have the Olympics. We have the majors in tennis. And we even have a lot of the affinity sports, whether it’s snooker or we can characterize it – or squash. And so we are very strong in IP. And right now, we are making money on that IP. It’s not the same margin, but we have always said that we are going to make sure that Eurosport is profitable in itself. If in fact, your point that people are going to start watching more direct-to-consumer, which is our bet, that they are going to continue to watch on linear, but that they will also watch on their phone or their device, they are going to be doing it through the player. And if that happens, if we come back and of the 740 million people in Europe, we have 3 million or 4 million people for our Sports Netflix in 2 years, that’s going to be a massive asset appreciation for us. I mean our multiple is nine. And look at the multiple that you are giving to Netflix. And the difference between us and Netflix is Netflix is spending $6 billion a year on IP and we are spending zero, because our direct-to-consumer product IP is already making money on Eurosport and so when we now go direct-to-consumer, our cost of IP is zero. And so that would be one hell of a business. And that’s why we got Guyardo. That’s why we have a whole team working in London. That’s why we got Peter Hutton focused on this. And unlike Netflix, we have a platform with Eurosport and we have – we are the leader with 60 million people every month coming to Eurosport.com to be able to let people know that if you want to watch all of the Australian Open or Tour de France or if you want to see the Olympics, there is where you go. So we are head down on Eurosport that it’s going to continue to make money and we are not going to over index on the IP and tip that over. And then we are full out with a – over the next 24 months, to really drive this Sports Netflix strategy, which no one else has. It would take someone else a long time to build. We own the IP. Anybody else that can play this game can play in a country and mostly they just have football.
David Zaslav: Your discussion point about transition to direct-to-consumer, for the last 4 years, we have changed our view of not just how does our content work on linear, but how good is our IP for any device. And that’s why we focused Discovery to be more on brand, even if – we are not going for ratings. We are going for a core super fan audience, on OWN, on Velocity, on all of our channels. And we have invested significantly in Kids in Latin America, where we beat Disney, because we think owning the Kids IP is going to be over the longer term very important for growth and we are starting to see that now with our Everywhere product in Latin America.
David Zaslav: Sure. Well, for the – I feel pretty good about where we ought to start the year. We got Discovery at number one. And we have for the first time, TLC, ID and OWN all working. We have worked very hard on getting TLC turned around and we spent a lot of time talking to the audience. So I think we have four – those four networks are very strong. We have Science and Animal Planet, I would say, as our blockers. We have National Geographic out there and we have Science now with ratings that are exceeding Geographic and Animal Planet with ratings exceeding Geographic. And we think that’s important that we keep those brands strong, more niche, but also kind of as a blocker, as Discovery is that number one channel for men. And on the content costs, I would say, focusing more on the bigger networks, but we have been doing that already and the smaller networks, our cost of content is a lot lower. We are doing a lot more content on Velocity for a lot less dollars. Bob Scanlon is a great operator there. He worked at ESPN and Speed and he is doing a great job of building that affinity group. And the overall – I think non-content costs, we think we can take that down even a little bit. And over the next 2 years, I think you will see flat to slightly down. So I think the U.S. is a good story. We have gotten our affiliate deals done. It would be better if universe decline was less than 2 and having it be in the high-2s, but our deals are pretty good. We are very well protected in terms of how we are versus everybody else, certainly in terms of the limits of how we are packaged and offered. So I think if we can continue to reduce our non-content costs and continue to invest in our channels that are working and building those super fans that we can have a nice growth business – continue to have a nice sustainable growth business in the U.S.
David Zaslav: One point that I just wanted add that’s important for why we are different than everybody else is, when we invest in Discovery, Science, Animal Planet, ID, we are investing in channels that create IP that we take everywhere in the world. And so that investment – and we tend – we are investing more in channels that work globally. So when we see ID up 15% in most markets and we see Discovery growing around the world, we are – we have this unique model where we invest in one piece of content, convert it into 52 languages and take it around the world. And I think continuing in that discipline of investing more in the global content, which gives us a much stronger return than investing in content that works only in the U.S. And Velocity falls in that category of global as well.
David Zaslav: Good question. I mean, for us, the answer is no, because we are doing basically one scripted series a year and we are focused on making sure that it’s content that works globally. So, Harley and the Davidsons was very successful for us. It lifted the patina of the brand. It was kind of a special treat for our audience, but it’s expensive content. It worked out for us, because it worked so well. But I think, at least for us that’s not the core of what we do. It’s part of a tentpole. We have also accelerated our content that’s in the natural history in animal extinction, science, more traditional areas, space for Discovery and that content is relatively inexpensive and we don’t do that for ratings. In most cases, it underperforms, but it overperforms on the brand and it overperforms for kind of that super center of people that love Discovery because we satisfy curiosity. And so we have built the whole team, Rich built the whole team with a whole documentary unit that where we are putting more of that content on. So net-net, we don’t see cost being an issue and we are not moving more into scripted, which is more expensive.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Anthony. Well, I have a special affection for National Geographic, because I helped create it years ago and worked with Chase and the Murdoch family in partnership, because we owned it when I was at NBC together. And I think it’s a great brand. And it’s one of the reasons why we have invested in Science and Animal Planet and really are very focused on what they are doing. They are spending a lot of money. I think they have a lot of ambition for it. And I think they are really good. At this moment, we have some significant advantages. In 220 countries we are in, we are on basic. We are the most distributed and we are number one in virtually every market against them. And in almost every market, we are number one for factual. We did launch Science and Animal Planet in every market in the world really as a way of kind of creating a flanker against Geo and History, which is also a great channel that does great nonfiction content. And I think they woke us – both History at least woke us up a few years ago. History was beating Discovery at one point. And Discovery, 6 or 7 years ago, we were cheating a little bit on the brand. And we got – it forced us to get better. It forced us to get more focused on our audience, what do they love about Discovery, how do we create more content that satisfies curiosity? And I think it made us better. Discovery Now, for 2 years, has been the number one channel by a lot for men and number one around the world and it’s helped us with Science and Animal Planet. So, I think competitive competition is good, but they are both great services and we are going to have to continue to really bring our A game, because both of them have really good teams and they are – they got us in their sights.
David Zaslav: Sure. Thanks, Todd. Well, the opportunity that we have is we have a massive amount of IP. So when we are showing – if you are in Italy and you are looking at the Australian Open and we have three sports channels, we are showing three matches. But if you have the player we have 20 courts. And for showing the Australian Open for the whole weekend, then during that weekend is the World Speedskating Championships and we are not showing that or we are only showing two courts of tennis and one on speedskating. We are not showing the slalom. And so one is, we have a lot more IP. Two is there is a lot of IP we are not showing. We own all the snooker. We are not showing most of it. We own all the squash we are not showing most of it. We own all the speedskating. We are not showing all of it. And so the ability to go to super fan affinity groups and have them like they would go out and buy a magazine, if they love golf or tennis, they can get a seasons pass for their sport, we think is quite interesting. The other piece is there is a lot of people in Europe. It’s only about 50% penetrated on multi-channel television. And so 50% of Europe is – doesn’t have access to it, but there is a huge portion of that, that has broadband and so the ability to access them as well. And so we will nourish the existing audience with the quality content that we have and we see a sustainable opportunity here. In fact, I think we are just getting started. If you look at what happened in the U.S., it started with double-digit and teen increases for sports and then it just accelerated as they were able to aggregate that sports audience and it became so powerful that it really almost – it tilted the whole ecosystem here. None of that has happened there yet. And so we think owning this IP, having the ability to go to super fans and – Todd, the final thing is that we find when people are in their home they want to watch it on TV, but when they leave, they want to see Tour de France or they want to see the hockey game or they want to see the tennis wherever they are and so part of it is portability, which is a real utility to a lot of them and part of it is being able to see all the matches in a particular sport that they love. So we are quite optimistic about that. And in the same regard, we are optimistic about that same formula for kids or for crime or for animals with Animal Planet. We own all of this IP or for science. So we are going to start playing around with our IP direct-to-consumer until we get the right formula. We think we have it with sports and kids. And now as we look at the rest of our portfolio, we think we have an opportunity there as well and we will be informing you over the next 2 to 3 years how successful we are in getting people to either pay for our content or like the Discovery GO platform, to get them to look at it for free. But in that case, we have people watching in the length of view of an hour or length of view of our cable channels is 40 minutes. There, we get length of view of an hour and they watch all the commercials and we get a higher CPM. And by mid to end of year, we think we can get 2 additional points of growth in the U.S. out of that alone. And so that’s where we are driving with our IP and we are learning more and more from the audience about what they like and what they don’t.
Andy Warren: Yes. Hi Ben, there is no question that these mid-teen IRR solar investments obviously have a meaningful impact – positive impact on our tax rates. But if you exclude those, you are still looking at about 100 basis point reduction in our effective tax rate and given our deferred tax rate structures, a couple of hundred basis point reduction in our cash tax rate. So as we think about looking forward, very dependent upon what kind of solar investment opportunities we have and some of the regulatory environments there. But think in terms of how the sustainable 26% effective tax rate and a continuing decline in cash tax rate, as again we are really focused on maximizing our deferred tax rate structures.
Andy Warren: And from a pure financial perspective, Steven, it’s so important to highlight what Dave said about the 85% and growing share of our 5 tentpole networks. While, yes, there is an acceleration of the digi non-distributed, fully distributed networks, that’s declining more quickly, our economics are not embedded in those networks. The high single pricing CAGRs – contracted pricing CAGRs are all on the 5 nets. And again, that percent of total U.S. affiliate revenue will accrete even higher and that’s where you are seeing more stability on sub declines there.
Andy Warren: And just to provide a little bit more kind of financial perspective on that, we have in the last couple of years, Steven, averaged about $10 million to $15 million of content write-downs in some of our international content, purely in a notion of just being extremely clean on the balance sheet as we go into the next year. 2016 was about $20 million higher entirely driven by the one-time cleanup that David just discussed as we really do deemphasize some of the U.S. content and continue to drive more of our...
Andy Warren: Correct. And so it is a very much a one-time, I would think in terms of a more consistent run-rate of cleanup in the $10 million to $15 million range going forward.
Andy Warren: And I think it’s very important to highlight and walk through kind of the economic model that we developed here. And again as David said, just to really highlight that we have done what we said we were going to do. If you look at what we have highlighted a couple of years ago, step one was investing in exclusive content as David said, allowing ourselves to have more must-carry content and have a greater sense of affinity groups. Step two was taking that content and having it drive an accelerating contracted affiliate revenue growth curve. And clearly, you are seeing that not only in ‘16, but are highlighting the 12% to 15% growth and accelerating further in ‘17 and ‘18. So step one and step two are done. Step three then is, as we are now invested in the content that we need, we don’t see a further acceleration of sports content spend really in ‘18 and ‘19 and ‘20. So what you are going to see the step three being is a real acceleration of profits as margin, as you have the contracted affiliate growth, you then have a stable sports rights investment and then now you really get the margin accretion out of that model. So we clearly had this planned out for 3 years and it’s developing and progressing quite frankly exactly as how we had kind of modeled it and expected it.
Andy Warren: And Drew, the question about 2017 guidance, it’s clearly off of simply the reported adjusted EPS of $2.13. We provided that ex-Lionsgate, ex the gain on Group Nine, only to provide some clarity on what would say is more of an organic operating view. But our guidance is clearly off of the very simple reported adjusted EPS actual for 2016.
Andy Warren: Yes, I appreciate your comment about the next move. It’s – I am excited, but look it’s always one of those but we are leaving a company that you truly do love, one thing a lot of you have commented on and I will say which is unique here is a CFO-CEO relationship is so important. And Dave and I are genuinely – very genuinely, very good friends, very constructive. We’ll continue to be great friends and talk in the future. So look, it’s hard to leave a place you love, but I am excited about the future. So look to get into the U.S. content spend, without giving too much detail, call it roughly mid single, the good news is we definitely see U.S. SG&A being down just given the phenomenal work, we have a CFO there, Simon Robinson, who is doing a tremendous job of driving cost productivity, utilizing technology to really think about means of delivery. And so we have sustained cost controls in our U.S. business that we see for the next several years that gives us a lot of perspective on – even from these levels, continued margin growth out of our U.S. business.
