Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes, good morning, Jessica. This is Gunnar. Let me start with some more background on -- my thinking around free cash flow. David and I've been speaking about free cash flow and the ability of this new combined company to generate cash quite a bit. And I'm actually very proud of the tremendous progress that we've made with the $2.4 billion number for 2018 again only 10 months into the combination. And again keep in mind that includes about $400 million of restructuring cash out, and also we have made all the investments in our digital and direct-to-consumer portfolio this year that we -- that we felt necessary. So I think that's a great result and we're still very excited and encouraged by the further potential. And that's why for 2019, as I said earlier, we're guiding to a healthy growth. There's going to be significant improvement in the cash generated by the underlying operation of this business. And as we go through the year, we will make the decisions of how much and at what times we reinvest part of that cash and that's going to determine the reported free cash flow number. In terms of the building blocks that you asked for, clearly we're expecting further underlying AOIBDA growth. And as I said, I'm expecting further margin expansion this year on top of the margin expansion that we saw in 2018. Also again cash restructuring costs of course are going to come down. We're currently expecting about $150 million in cash out in 2019 after $400 million in 2018. We will continue to focus on working capital efficiency. I still see a lot of potential there. And that's going to be a focus area again in 2019 as it has been last year. And then clearly as we de-lever and pay down debt, cash and expenses is going to come down over time. Now on the offsetting side, clearly there will be higher taxes as we grow our net income before tax. We're also planning for a roughly $100 million step-up in CapEx. That's essentially for two parts. Number one is building out our global tech stack. And number two is some transformational investments that we're making related to consolidating our real estate footprint systems integration et cetera. And then of course the main factor this year is going to be the further P&L investments that we're planning to make. We've got a great portfolio, we've made some key decisions but other decisions are yet to come. And we want to maintain the flexibility and the number and the timing of those investments is ultimately going to determine how much we drop to reported free cash flow. That's why I didn't give a specific number but as you can see, we continue to be super excited and confident about the cash generation.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Okay. And then, Doug, on your buyback question, look I mean the way I look at this is I'm really proud of how the leverage number has come down. I mean again almost a full turn in only 10 months. The free cash flow number 2018 has been better than what we planned honestly and also what we guided to and this isn't going to stop. As I said, we're planning to get back into our target range of 3 to 3.5 times within the first half of this year. That's great flexibility, as David said, that's very important in this environment and we see a lot of potential of underlying additional growth in our cash generation. And all those investments that we're discussing about again those are investments that we can fund out of our free cash flow growth. I think that's a very unique situation. I don't think we need any sort of major transactions but you've seen some of the partnerships we've been able to strike over the past 12 months. Those are great divestments into our future growth and doesn't change our financial profile. We've got a very strong balance sheet. Regarding buybacks we're going to come back. Our first priority has always been to de-lever down to 3 to 3.5 times, when we get there, we'll come back and update you on what the capital allocation is going to look like. But again priorities are de-lever first, invest in the business, and then return capital through buybacks.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Thank you. So well I mean the step down in Q4 actually has two components. Number one, as JB laid out earlier, we've really taken a new strategic look at the programming grid literally across the entire global footprint. And we've made more use of the SNI content replacing acquisition content so that obviously has a pretty significant impact on our cost of revenues. In the fourth quarter, there was another U.S. component that was supported on a year-over-year basis because in the prior year fourth quarter Scripps had taken some significant write-downs on content. So that has been helping us on a year-over-year basis as well. So it's probably a little more pronounced but as we've said before this content synergy is one of the key elements of the merger thesis. We will continue to see improvements over the year. Keep in mind that the full first quarter is essentially excluding any synergy impact in 2018. So we'll see a step up in 2019 and we'll continue to be very, very focused on costs as I said. And as a consequence of that, we will see further margin expansion in 2019.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes. So the $50 million per quarter indeed has been the run rate at which we have been investing since we closed the transaction and so that would add up to $200 million a year, I guided to $200 million to $300 million because again keep in mind there is some -- there will be some flexibility. This is not one fixed number. This is not a business where we put together a plan in the fall for the next year and then this is exactly what we're executing. We're -- we've got a lot of very, very promising initiatives on the table. We've seen some first successes and we need to have the flexibility to double down on anything that's really getting traction. And on the other hand, we will not make certain investments. If we -- if the first feedback from the market doesn't look like we're on to something. That's why it's a bit of a broader range but the way to look at this is as previously that $50 million run rate now is a full-year range of $200 million to $300 million in incremental P&L investments.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: We're mostly done. As you can see, we are expecting to pay out some of the 2018 accruals in 2019. That's why we still have about $150 million cash out in the numbers that I just discussed. And we probably will see round about $50 million of additional P&L charges. But I would expect that that's it though.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: So indeed the guidance that we're giving for Q4 for affiliate revenues both for Q1 and for the full-year is very clean number if you wanted to call it that. As a matter of fact, Q1 is actually slightly tougher comp versus last year regarding some Ava components that were in there last year. But it's a very clean numbers driven by our pricing step-ups in new and existing deals and the additional carriage on virtual MVPDs and the expected growth on those platforms.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And on your distribution question, I don't want to break out individual contributions of individual deals but as we've said before that mid-single-digit guidance for the U.S. affiliate growth is a combination obviously of the inclusion Hulu and Sling and then price increases on our traditional deals. And I mean in terms of the mix in the market, we've always been a firm believer in the value of our content and I think our ability to hold those deals last year underpin that quality. And we've also been a firm believer in value of smaller bundles in the market. And I think we're seeing some confirmation there as well.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: All right. Well, so I mean let me start with your OIBDA question. And I'm not going to give a specific guidance but a couple of building blocks, you are 100% right that Q1 is obviously going to be an easy comp because we have that special impact of the Olympics which for the quarter had a negative -- profit impact last year. We also look at the last quarter before closing the transaction, so there's literally zero synergy impact in the Q1 2018 number. So we should be seeing a nice step-up. And for the full-year, let me reiterate what I said before. I do plan for an margin expansion on top of the margin expansion that we have seen in 2018. So that's number one. On an underlying basis clearly there is going to be significant AOIBDA growth but then, as I said before, we will continue to make P&L investments. And let me just clarify that based on what we have in the plan for 2019 that would add up with the investment that we've made last year to about $300 million maybe $400 million negative impact from those direct-to-consumer investments. Again keep in mind we're building out a portfolio for -- to drive our future growth. And as I said before after that -- after that investment I am targeting margin expansion for the full-year and clearly AOIBDA growth to some extent that's going to obviously depend on the timing of the magnitude of the investments we're making. On your sub number question. You're right; Q4 is obviously a very healthy step-up because for the first time we're looking at the additional subscribers from Hulu and Sling. Again, I mean, the -- I don't want to give any specific guidance what we have baked into the financial guidance of mid-single-digits for 2019 is assuming stable underlying trends as we see them today with no acceleration or deceleration.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Okay. Let me clarify the digital investments commentary. So as we've said previously, we have been investing on a run rate of about $50 million in the quarter since closing the transaction that is against our 2017 baseline. We're going to slightly accelerate that pace and I'm targeting $200 million to $300 million additional investments in 2019 and as obviously some of those investments started to pay off, the total dollar amount in absolute terms in our 2019 profits and cash flow will be between $300 million and $400 million total impact from investments on the digital side.
JB Perrette: Yes, hey Jessica. Thanks for the welcome; it's great to have you and so many of our investors over in Warsaw last fall. So on the two questions, first on Poland; we really see the Polish and the TVN asset as a big game changer for us. And really the focus is on three things. Number one; there is strong number one position in TV. We had -- we closed 2018 with record audience share of 27%, our fall season reached an even higher percentage of 29% share with great fall season launches starting in September. And so we couldn't be more excited about the momentum on the TV side. Second, we have the leading local OTT business in with all the content that TVN producers in that market and we continue to see strong double-digit growth across the board in our digital business in Poland. And third, it's given us a major hub to produce both on the backend side of our business as well as on the production side at very low cost great shows. And so we've done some great production so far at 30% to 40% discounts is what we could do either in the U.S. or internationally with things like House Hunters International and some other shows and then we're moving more of our back office activities in some areas to a very low cost and very competitive and high skilled environment. So those three areas have frankly outperformed even what we thought and so we couldn't be more excited about the momentum of the Polish business at the moment. On LATAM, it's frankly a little less; it's not so much a ratings issue. Ratings actually continue to perform well. We're getting as David alluded to in his comments earlier, great commitments from distributors to launch Food and HG, millions of new subs in that region. That's -- the momentum on the operating side both audience and distribution wise remains strong. The challenge really is frankly a lot about Mexico and volume challenges given the political instabilities in that market right now. And Brazil is doing well much better than we did, as David mentioned, we had double-digit growth in the fourth quarter and we continued to see strong improvements in the ad sales market in Brazil. So it seems like it's more of a cyclical issue for us in LATAM and we're hopeful that Mexico will over the course of the year begin to stabilize. And if Brazil continues on the progress it's made in fourth and first then we should have a better story as we get into the back half of the year.
JB Perrette: So on International, look obviously it's one word as you guys know that's very complicated to paint with one brush given the number of markets but I would say it's -- we really see a bit of a mix. We've seen some markets that are particularly strong. Frankly for us, we talked about Poland markets, some of the Nordic markets which have historically been more challenging, we're seeing great actually growth in markets like Sweden. So there are some markets where the volume and the markets continue to be strong and we have seen then in some other markets which are softer that David alluded to. Brexit specifically, frankly I wish I could tell you, I think we're all sort of waiting as to what the outcome will be. I -- it's hard to say whether that will be a, I don't think it's a short-term fix. But ultimately there is an extension granted in some capacity could the market improve in the back half of the year possibly, it’s just very hard to predict at this point. On the Scripps content, look I think again in a market -- in a marketplace where we saw stronger markets in some of the biggest markets we have, the audience performance is actually trending very positively. So the good news is audiences and ratings are strong as the year progresses and if we see some of these bigger markets stabilize, we've talked about the UK, we have talked about Mexico earlier that I think the monetization will come in towards the back half of the year and over time as we go into 2020.
JB Perrette: Yes, I think that's right. And on the Asia piece of it, the reality is the a) the Golf deal has put us in business in Asia in a major way. The two of the biggest markets in Asia for Golf are Japan and Korea. And so that has significantly changed the game. We announced obviously last quarter our expansion of our relationship with J:COM, our distributor there, who is now also our Golf partner, and in Korea we will be coming up next and then China as well. So we are in sports business through Golf which I think is a meaningful step for us. And then the other thing that in terms of more things in Asia and sports, a lot of it becomes much more localized which I think is a bit of a challenge. The rights that are big in terms of Australian Rules Football, Rugby in Australia versus what works in Malaysia versus what works in Japan is oftentimes very different and so it's hard to get the same scalable play. But as David said, we'll look at everything. But I think for now we're going to take the Golf product for a real ride here and we think that has great opportunity.
JB Perrette: And ultimately markets that have other ancillary as we talk about in terms of Poland, their market position and strength and ability to pivot to digital and ability to provide us other benefits in terms of lower cost of production and back office services as well. There are other benefits to it than purely the broadcast assets. So that asset actually is fairly unique. And we're seeing even in the Nordics, as you mentioned, as we're finally getting more traction and pushing more aggressively into the OTT space, a stronger growth on the OTT, so pivoting those businesses to be much more OTT and direct-to-consumer driven, leveraging the local content and IP as David said that they have in their portfolio is really the focus for us.
David Zaslav: On the Netflix Prime, Amazon Prime, HBO Showtime that let me answer it in two ways. One is Food, Travel, ID with Crime home, all those are growing. People are spending more time with us; they're watching more of our content it's growing. This is difficult stuff. And this is what we do for a living. We have a team that does only Food and we work with production companies that deal almost primarily with us. And we figured out how to create shows and build characters in that genre. In the Home genre the same, in the Crime, there's loads of people doing Crime, but Henry Schleiff and his team know how to do it and work with production companies in a collaborative way that I think give us a really unique advantage. So we're seeing growth in those areas and it's what we do. When people go to HBO and they go to Showtime and they go to Amazon Prime and Netflix they're really going for something else, they're paying $10 to $15 for scripted series and scripted movies. That's what the brand is. And look on a broader basis as we get -- as we get further and further into our mission of powering people's passions, people spend about 50% of their time on scripted series and scripted movies and they spent about 50% of their time on everything else. And we've picked out these passionate brands and categories that we think that have -- that are the most compelling in this everything else area. And the big opportunity here is that the right side this scripted series and scripted movies, people watch that stuff, that's all they do, is they watch it, they watch a great scripted series and they watch movies. On our side, we're focusing on this idea that they watch and they do. And that's a huge opportunity. They watch Golf but they also buy Golf equipment. They also -- they will go to Tiger for instruction. They want to see where to take a vacation with Golf. They watch cycling but they buy equipment with cycling and they want to find out where to go to get to get the best clothing and what's the most -- what's the best coaching. When it comes to Food, people watch our content but they also want recipes. They want to talk to experts about how to make, how to engage in, in that category long form and short form. And so we think between Home, Cycling, PGA, Natural History, Travel, Oprah, we're in these categories where people will watch and do and that's why we bought this cycling business. That's why we got into the PGA and even in categories like Natural History where we're the leader globally. People may watch a particular piece of content but then they can take a deep dive into our science or space categories. So we think we don't have -- we're in an environment where we're a real market leader. We're differentiated and we have this opportunity in this watch and do, that could create a real opportunity build businesses in these funnels.
David Zaslav: On the sports piece, we look at everything. We are -- we own with Liberty Formula E. We own the League in our partnership with Jay Monahan, the PGA. We have global rights everywhere in the world except for here. I deal with Tiger his rights that include the U.S. everywhere in the world. Cycling we just bought a business that's fully global and so we are opportunistic in terms of looking at sport as a passionate brand where we can super serve people's interest across the board. But we're also -- there's a lot of stuff that we look at that we don't think fits our metric of being able to provide long-term growth. In most of those cases, we bought sports assets that have very long tail with --in the case of the PGA, it's through the end of 2030; in the case of the Olympics, we did it for a decade; in the case of cycling, we own the business. And so most of our rights on Eurosport, we paid low-single-digit increases and we got -- we would try to get six year deals. We don't like doing business with these three-year type Soccer deals which we're getting out of. And so I think we're going to be opportunistic, we're in the sports business; we may even be the leader in sports around the world when you aggregate all of our IP. So we look at everything and we will look at everything but we'll look at it in terms of what kind of a sustainable asset it is and JB.
David Zaslav: And look, I think that we're building a platform that's unique. If we're successful with Golf and cycling, we're also doing MotorTrend and in addition to that, we have global rights to Natural History and these other brands. But if we're able to build, we're the only company that's doing business in over 48 languages and as we build this platform for which we've brought Peter over to build and we've brought over one of the most senior technology leaders from Amazon. If we build that and we're in multiple languages like we did the Olympics in 22 languages, we're going to do the PGA in over 40 languages. And so there's very few companies that can promote from the ground and convert into multiple languages and have a platform that's above the globe. And once that's done, we think the opportunity could be significant. There's a lot of sports with federations are going to want to try and reach above the globe but they're not going to have the scale to build the platform. Our platform is built. They're not going to have the scale to market in every country. We have multiple channels in every country and we have an online digital business in every country. And so we think once we build and we can prove out these ecosystems that we could be a platform that people come to where instead of paying for those rights that we can represent those rights and get a split.
David Zaslav: On the channels, we've said before that about 85% of our fees goes against our top six or eight channels. We have focused on the idea that if we grow our core eight that we really have an opportunity. We've been very successful now in getting our channels carried on the smaller bundles which exist everywhere in the world and not here. And we're hoping that this year as those grow, we think we'll benefit more than anybody else from those. We also have Chip and Joanna who we are hard at work and have been down to Waco. We think that is a very unique opportunity to enhance the channel and grow a channel. We --no other media company in the last couple of years has been able to go on offense and grow as many channels in fact most media companies haven't launched any new channels and we have ID that didn't exist. The number one cable channel for women in total day, we have the Oprah Winfrey Network number one for African/American women. We launched Velocity and we now have an opportunity with Chip and Jo to take a network that is doing okay and take it to the next level. But to your point, we also have a real vision for that in terms of going direct-to-consumer. And when you think about this idea of watch and do, there's probably no better example of watch and do than Chip and Jo. They created a great show called Fixer Upper and then they created a whole multibillion dollar business called Magnolia based on the quality of their ability to design and build product. And so there was an example where they built an entire ecosystem and we're reconnecting with them and excited about what we can do together. They're in Magnolia on their own. But we think there's a lot that we could do together to build our channel. So net-net, I think over time you'll see some fewer channels but we think we have at least one or two more that we could build strong here in the U.S. with big characters and big personalities that people love and want to spend time with. And that's what we're about. That's why we did the Tiger deal, that's why we did PGA. That's why we're in cycling, that's why we were with Oprah and Chip and Jo. In the end, we have great brands but we have great characters that people love. And that's what this business is about spending time with people that you love and finding out what their stories are and what their challenges are and the things that they love.
David Zaslav: Great. Let me just start with this whole idea of 5G is a part of the whole narrative of who's going to own the home. And the -- within the home, the place that people spend the most time is the kitchen. And as I've said, the question that everybody -- everybody in the world asks every day is what's for dinner, what's for breakfast? And the challenge of who's going to own the kitchen. I think we have a real opportunity. We have the greatest chefs, we're the leader in recipes, we're the leader in short form, we're the leader in brand and credibility, we're the leader in content. And so we're very active in aggressively pushing that ourselves and having discussions with everybody that's in the kitchen about how do we own the kitchen whether it's distributors with 5G or whether it's players that want to meet with voice activation in the kitchen or with screens in the kitchen. And so we're actively driving that in addition we think that do-it-yourself and home design is another area where we have a lot of experts, a lot of content, and a lot to offer. And so we're pushing that hard and that's not in our current plan but we do think there's a real opportunity there because we have something that is real functional and something that could provide real value to customers aside from just watching entertaining content.
David Zaslav: I would say directionally, we're much more focused on owning IP. We have a lot of free-to-air channels, we have cable channels. We're really focused on taking that IP to other platforms and maximizing the efficiency and free cash flow of our existing platforms. We look at everything but it wouldn't be the first place we go. And the overall idea of owning -- of owning broadcast assets really would make more sense in a market like Poland where it's protected because it's a unique language, they have a very strong portfolio and this strong GDP growth. But in general not at the top of the list of what Bruce Campbell, JB, and I are looking at right now.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Ben. We had a good upfront and we had a good calendar. We've said that we think this quarter will look a lot like four. And candidly, I'm on my way down to Florida now. I think that we probably left some points on the table for this quarter and we could do better. I'm not satisfied at all. We spent a lot of the last two weeks looking at our efficiency rate, looking at our sell-out rate how we sell and GO. The reason I say that is TLC was the number one network in America for women in January, number one. And we have ID very strong, we have Food strong, HD strong, and Discovery improved and GO was accelerating. And so I think that our creative team is doing a good job. And I think we have a very strong ad sales team but we've got to get more focused, the way that we drilled down and had real work streams on cost. We now have developed co-work streams on our revenue on sales and I -- I'm not satisfied at all. I think we should have had -- we should have a bigger number this quarter. We're going to continue to drive to it but if we do our job right, I think you're going to see better numbers in the quarters ahead.
