David Zaslav: Thanks, Steven. Well, first on the BBC deal, when you put together their library with ours, we really see it as the definitive collection of science and natural history. And as Iger went after the big brands when he did Marvel, if you think about the big brands, we have the overwhelming majority of nature and science and the big brands, whether it’s Planet Earth, Frozen Planet, Walking with Dinosaurs, Blue Planet and everything that’s produced by us and the BBC under those names for the next decade. And so we think that, that could be quite compelling. And what we’re looking at is, we own that globally outside of the UK and China, their library. Do we go globally with this family product, which we’ve been getting a lot of data on, which looks quite differentiated and very compelling? Or in some cases, do we put that together? When you think about what we have here in the U.S. where for a big portion of last year, we were number one in America for women, beating every one of the media companies. And the quality of our brands, do we put those together? And as we look at the marketplace, we see that a lot of these SVOD services, scripted series, scripted movies competing with each other, look a awful lot alike, a lot of the same movies on them, and people are going to be looking to figure out what could I have in addition to that, those that are not on traditional cable, that will provide a real package of content that they love and that they know how to curate. And curation is going to be a big issue with a lot of these SVOD platforms and is, one of Netflix big advantages is that algorithm, but people are still confused what should I watch next. And when you take a look at us, Discovery and BBC or Discovery and Planet Earth and those logos, and if you look at what Disney is doing and then you see Oprah and Chip and Jo and Food and HG and TLC and ID, most people would take a look at that, and they seem to be saying, oh, that’s all my favorite stuff. And they feel great about it. And so that’s what we’re looking at, and that’s what we’re looking at globally. Do we aggregate? Or do we do we go into the silos, the very powerful superfan silos, like golf and cycling? And we’ll be making that determination soon. But we think this combination of incredibly high-quality content for women that they love and know how to navigate, with great characters and brands, together with the definitive collection of science and nature, in my generation, whether it was World Book or Encyclopedia Britannica, no kid should go to college without watching the majority or a lot of that stuff. How compelling could that be? And what would the churn on a product like that be? And that’s what we’re looking at.
David Zaslav: On Magnolia, we’re going to launch the channel itself. Chip and Jo are doing great. We’ve been – we’ve greenlit a load of content. They’re producing all of it out of Waco. We have a huge team down there. And they’re producing a lot of content, which they’re involved in directly. And we’re going to just make the determination of when we do the direct-to-consumer and how we aggregate it, and we’ll do that soon. But right now, the content looks great. Chip and Jo’s popularity have never been higher, and they’re super excited. And we’re getting on terrifically well.
David Zaslav: You see on the scripted series, scripted movie side in that very competitive environment, huge checks being with big battles for extra nourishment. Think of the scale of what we have in terms of the ability to nourish subscribers domestically and internationally. Because that content is not only in English, it’s in every language.
David Zaslav: Well, first, we’re delivering, like 20% of the audience. And we’re not proud of this, but we’re getting less than 5% of the money. So and they’re selling in our channels. And our channels have great affinity and very good CPM opportunity for appetite for the cable guys. So we’re an extremely good value, which we’re trying to push on and advance, but we’re an extremely good value, number one. And number two, we’re probably the best actor in the industry. When you look around, we’re not selling some of our best IP. No one’s waking up and going, whoa, you sold your best IP to Netflix. You sold your best IP to Amazon. We don’t do that. And when we walk in and talk to our distributors, they’re like, what’s going on? Why are people doing that? Why are they taking great content off the bundle and getting trying to get short-term economics? We’re not doing that, which gives us a real equitable position. And we have great relationships with our distributors. So we start with them. I was talking to Rutledge last night. And we’re in discussions with all of our distributors. The GO platform is a great example. Hundreds of millions of dollars of young people that grew up watching our channels, Discovery, Food, HG, ID, that are consuming it on other devices, and we’re monetizing it. And so there’s a lot of win-wins here, where we can take great content and figure out how to get Charter, Comcast, Cox, AT&T, Charlie, how do they figure there’s ways that we can work together to create more value. But the key for us is, we have to reach everybody. We have this incredible content that people love. And we’ve assembled most of the great brands and great characters outside of scripted and movies. And it’s what people spend about 40% of their time on, and they’ve been doing that for the last 50 years. They love that content. And so we feel good about it. The cable guys aren’t going to wake up and find out what we’re doing. They’re going to be in rooms with us figuring out what we’re doing that creates more value for both of us. They have lots of broadband-only subs that they’re only selling Netflix to. And they don’t like it, and we don’t like it.
David Zaslav: Right now, we’re looking at we think that we’re the best global IP company. And we’re the only company that has it in every language with the depth that we have. And so right now, our strategy is to keep it all for ourselves. And if we do partner, it would be partnering more like what we did with ProSieben or what we did with Polsat, which we’re finding as effective. In the ecosystem of what do we think looks really scalable and exciting, I’m personally super excited about this local language, local sports and partnering with other local broadcasters across Europe and Latin America. There is no other company that could do that. There might be a bunch of companies that would like to do it. But we’re in every country, we have a significant library in every country. We have commercial teams in every single country. And you could just – that idea and the way that people are reacting to it, it’s just you have Netflix out there and Disney+ coming, two great, great products, but they’re always going to be 90-10, 80-20. And this idea of having local sports and local content feels quite good to us, and we’ll keep you up-to-date on that. Peter, do you want to talk about our...
David Zaslav: On the AVOD, I think it’s pretty fluid in terms of AVOD/SVOD. And the way that the world used to think about this was everything had to be subscription. But for instance, in the cycling and golf space, being able to aggregate millions and millions of people that love, that have an affinity for free for golf or for cycling and have that and aggregate that globally is quite attractive to advertisers. And you also have the ability to do shopping-type applications, so that you can view golf as having a subscription level, but also like a virtual global broadcast network for people that love golf. They might not be they might have to pay to watch Thursday through Sunday, but they can come and they can read about the golf course. They can see short form from Tiger. They can see get a little bit of instruction. They can figure out where to go on a golf vacation. And more and more, we’re seeing that advertisers are saying to us, we want to get access to those people, same on cycling, same with food. We’ve built a very big funnel under food for people that want recipes. And so that balance of, how much do you put behind the paywall, and how much you put below is something that we’re trying to figure out. But this idea of getting affinity groups globally, we think AVOD, aggregating a global virtual broadcast network of people that want recipes and love food. That could be quite monetizable. And so we think that, that’s a and remember, one of the big advantages for us is we’re owners. And so we’re really we don’t we really don’t want to get into the business of buying a product and then going out and trying to rent for a very high cost. And then two to three years later, you got to pay up to keep it. So we really like our model. And we think AVOD actually is compelling. And over time, we’ll take you through these big funnels of AVOD and how we’re monetizing them from advertisers or for transaction. And then the subscription side, which we still think is going to be a very compelling piece and is a piece that we’re driving around the world.
David Zaslav: The biggest challenge over the next decade, with people consuming more content than ever and everything being available is curation. What do I watch? Basic cable had real curation. It was that every one everybody watched six to eight channels. But everyone in the family had a different six to 8. In the Wild West world of every all the IP is out there. Even if you subscribe to a lot of these services, the big challenge is going to be when you get there, do you have anxiety? Are you confused? Do you know how to navigate it? What’s there that I love? And I think one of the big advantages that we’re finding in the testing that we’re doing is when people land on our products, AVOD or SVOD, the reaction is, oh, this is there are the brands that I love. I know exactly where to go. There are the characters that I love. I want to spend more time with them. And I think that is going to be over the long term, a huge value to us versus going out and telling everybody to watch a show.
David Zaslav: Sure. Well, I think we have a great portfolio of quality channels, and they go up and down. I think, for us, we’re laser focused. It’s what we do for a living. TLC right now is the number one channel in America for women by a lot. And it’s the youngest of all the channels, and the length of view has gone up dramatically. And TLC was like the number 18 channel in America, and a lot of our new content wasn’t working three years ago. So we focused on who is the audience, what are we doing right, how do we do more of it. We’ve been doing the same thing at Discovery. Last year, we really enhanced our blue-chip content, which has significantly elevated the brand. We went out and bought almost all of the quality IP together with the best producers to shore up the quality brand, which we think is a – in terms of sustainable growth is very critical. And we’ve been working on series, and Nancy Daniels and the team, you could see it, where really Discovery is really improving and we’re moving every quarter. ID, we’re looking – ID was growing and growing for the last nine years, for the last nine months, it’s been declining. And so you’re going to see a significant refresh. Henry Schleiff and Kathleen have been working hard on it. We’ll be launching that relatively soon. And so for us, I think, this is what we do for a living. This is the car that we drive, we get in, when we hear a noise we know what’s wrong with it. You can’t always, because of cycle, fix it as quickly as you’d like. But we’re quicker with our channels because we don’t have scripted. And so I think that you’ll see some improvement on that, and you’ll see that – you’ll see us quarter-to-quarter. It won’t be all channels, but we feel quite good about that. The bigger challenge that we have right now, that we’re getting much more excited about, is how we aggregate that IP. I think we’re on to something in Europe. And we’re looking to land it here in the U.S. with the right mix.
David Zaslav: Yes. On aggregating our content, the appeal of our content to people on other platforms, we’ve seen a lot have proved out in GO. And one of the things that I wanted to point out is, we are driving people to GO because we make twice the CPM on that platform as we do on the traditional platform. And the length of view is higher and the age is younger. And so one of the things, when you look at our ratings, is you don’t see that all day long, we’re telling people on Food and HG and ID and Discovery to go to GO and OWN. And every time somebody goes to GO, it’s caching for us. And they’re spending more time with us, they’re on the devices, and we’re getting double the money. And so for us, number one, when you look at our ratings, unlike anybody else, we are literally pushing people off-platform because from our model and it’s one of the reasons you can see like you did last quarter and the quarter before that, hey, it looks like your ratings were down, how did you do so well, because, we’re pushing people to a better monetization platform. We are talking to distributors. And we’ll come out when we’re ready. We want to come out with something that works for them, works for us. But there’s no question that we think, because of the monetization on the advertising side, that we can replicate the economics 100%, number one. Number two, is that the value of what we’re offering, when you look at our aggregate package and all the IP that we have, and someone’s paying $110 for cable, $80 for cable, and they grew up watching all of our stuff. And now they can – if we decide to aggregate that, they would have a chance to see all the stuff they love for a lot less, so we think on both ends of the ledger. And the answer may be that we do both in a way that’s quite clever with the – working with the distributors and then in the ecosystem for people that are paying, and which is what we’re doing now with GO and having some aggregation there, which would drive viewership and increase the value of the overall experience for consumers, and then have people that are not on the platform, that aren’t subscribing to cable or satellite have an opportunity for very for not too much money to be able to get the best of what’s on in cable with a bigger library than Netflix. And there may be some people that want to do, a lot of people that want to do both. They want the optionality. So that’s what we’re trying to figure out. We’re talking to the distributors. And we think we have – because we own everything, we can move very quickly. And because we have the platform already in place, we can move very quickly. And I think you’ll hear from us in the near-term.
JB Perrette: Steve, one other thing, just to add to David’s comments on the BBC content, is we are as he said, we’re looking at experimenting. And when we pull it together, either for the U.S. and other markets, we are already beginning to experiment with it internationally, where we’re launching the BBC content on Dplay and seeing how that’s going to drive the bigger package. And so we are already making use of that content in Europe as of now.
JB Perrette: No, I think what you said is right. We will continue to work very closely with the IOC and follow their lead. And we’re prepared and we’re ready to go, and we’re excited about going. And obviously, should things change, we’ll continue to keep you updated. But we feel like it should be a positive for us. And if that doesn’t happen, as Gunnar said, we’ll come back to you and update you, but it won’t be an adverse impact on our financials.
JB Perrette: I think the only other thing I’d add, Ben, is to what David said is, as we found in the linear world over the last three decades, having these brands and these superfan groups, where you own the category from a pricing and an advertising perspective is hugely valuable. And so what we’re seeing and what Peter is building, whether it be around cycling, whether it be around food, whether it be around Magnolia, we don’t have to actually have an algorithm to define the customer base and the user base. We own the category. And so the endemic value of that is way more powerful from a pricing perspective than the algorithmic value. And so I think that’s something that also, we think, is going to be a big, big tailwind as we get further into this.
JB Perrette: On the Alexia, on the question of the addressable universe for Dplay, look, we think we’re in the first inning here. Even though we’re seeing great scale, the reality is, if you just look at our European footprint, we address almost 700 million people across the European footprint. We are aggressively going after, obviously, Northern Europe, which is a smaller subset, but a wealthy and a high-paying subset, a very attractive demographic in the Nordics. We’re going after Germany with Joyn, almost 80 million people there. We’re going after Poland, our biggest current market in international and also a sizable market. But we also have presences now in Italy, in the UK, in Spain. And so we’re in early days, but we think the addressable market in Europe for the leading local content player in those markets is significant.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Okay. On the breakeven point, Steve, clearly, we’re not in a position yet. We have our models, but I’m certainly not going to talk about breakeven nor margin profiles at this point. We’re in the middle of a full-on transformation. But if you look at what we have said, we’re seeing traction on the revenue side. We are expecting our investments to peak at the end of this year. So that gives you a bit of a sense for what the model might look like. And keep in mind, we have very, very strong economics with our content. In general, it works very well across platforms. And as you think about our rollout of the direct-to-consumer products, content is one of the big cost line items that’s going to scale very well because it’s cost component, and in many cases, we can leverage off of existing linear content. Number two is personnel cost. Peter has been starting to put together a great team. We do expect additional ramp-up of personnel expenses this year. And from that point on, it’s probably going to plateau because we’re essentially leveraging that same team across what we’re doing. And then you’ve got that big point of marketing expenses, which is going to be, to a large extent, success-based. So it’s just important to note, while we are striving to get these products as successful and as widely distributed as possible, we really don’t need a crazy number of subscribers to be operating a profitable business here. And the key point, again, is we’re leveraging off our massive library, 300,000 hours of content in general, 60,000 hours that are currently on our GO platform that we’re sort of actively using here. Some of that’s skewing much younger than our linear networks. So again, bottom line is I think we have one of the strongest economic positions for the rollout of these products. And stay tuned, and we’ll give more color as we go along.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Well, look, I mean, obviously, on this issue, we’re monitoring it closely. We are following the IOC’s lead, and that’s about all we can do. At this point, we are continuing to prepare for the Olympics. And really, we’re looking internally at all scenarios. To the extent possible, we have taken out some insurance here. So you should...
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes. You should rest assured that it’s not going to have any adverse impact on our financials. But JB, I don’t know if you want to add any color from your discussions.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Maybe the top line number would change because as I pointed out, there is a contribution, but so with the expense line.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Great. Thanks, Ben. On the on your first question, I think it’s a timing issue. The reality is we do see and part of the reason why we’re making some of these more aggressive pivots to direct-to-consumer, number one, is we’re seeing, as we look at closing 2019, some of the fastest growth rates of our direct-to-consumer, particularly Dplay subscriber growth that we’ve ever seen. And even kicking into this year, we had our highest net adds in January that we’ve ever had. And so we’re seeing that growth curve accelerate. And so when we see that opportunity, the product, as Peter mentioned, for FNK getting better and better, we want to lean in. And therefore, the timing is really one where we may take some of the distribution, traditional distribution money off the table to lean into the OTT space. So what it creates is, to your question about the affiliate or distribution revenue line item, is just the timing difference, where you’ll see some of the hit short term, but the benefit and the growth come in over the medium, obviously, to longer term. And so that’s the reason why you may see a bit more lumpiness in the near term as we accelerate into that growth that again we saw accelerate in 2019 and in the first few months of 2020, we’ve seen continue to accelerate.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Let me start with the incremental investment. It’s essentially a very similar structure to what we have done in 2019 as well. So content is by far the largest line item here, you can assume roughly half of the spend. And then, as I said earlier, we are ramping up Peter’s team further, and that’s going to have a significant impact in 2020. Peter has been very successful in bringing in a lot of great people with great credentials, and that’s helping us pull in more junior people below. So that’s on a great track. But obviously, it’s going to be reflected in personnel expenses. But as I said earlier, I expect that to plateau to a certain extent and then get some operating leverage as we grow the businesses further. So those are those are two of the key components. And then the third one, and again this is a little bit in flux, as you would expect, is performance marketing, and that’s clearly the hardest to predict. And as I’ve said many times, we will absolutely keep the flexibility to get behind something that we see working very well and potentially to cut back on spend in other areas if we don’t see the return opportunity. I hope that helps.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And on the buybacks, John, a couple of points. Clearly, we are generating a ton of cash. And again, we have our capital allocation priorities, but we’re returning the cash that we don’t use for our business. The second point is, again, I view this $2 billion authorization as a clear sort of sign of commitment from the Board to the team to the strategy here. And as with the last authorization, I’m not going to put any specific time stamp or cadence next to that. We value the flexibility. Now, that being said, as you heard earlier, we have essentially gone through the entire $1 billion authorization by buying back another $350 million worth of stock in the first quarter. And if you look at the current share price levels, you shouldn’t be surprised to see us very actively in the market right now. Actually, not right now, we’re in blackout, but from in the next couple of weeks.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Doug, I want to add one point to what Peter said on the milestones point. It’s another case of us doing what we’re saying, saying what we’re doing. You heard us, especially Peter, talk a lot about how we’re focusing on the input factors first, and we’re building a product, how we’re getting App Store ratings up, how we’re driving engagement, et cetera. And again, we’re very happy with what we’re seeing, and you should view the fact that we’re talking about next-generation revenues now as our commitment to start turning that into financial performance as well.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Well, great. Thank you. So yes, I mean, again, I don’t want to give specific guidance here. But again, if you keep in mind that we have already funded $300 million of direct-to-consumer investments here in 2019, the underlying core run rate was actually at $3.4 billion. And this is going to continue to be a huge priority for us. My estimate is that we have generated north of $800 million in synergies since closing the deal, and there is more that we’re working on, that’s why I made the comment earlier you should assume that in the core business outside of our investment areas, we will continue to be relentlessly driving for cash and efficiency. Now that being said, I do think that 2019 was an outstanding year and you’re absolutely right, the investments on the Olympics side is something that’s going to bring down the free cash flow to some extent. But we’ll continue to push hard and as you said, I’m glad that we were able to turn around that negative trend on working capital that we have been suffering from for a while.
Peter Faricy: Yes. Good morning, Jessica. On Food Network Kitchen, we’re very pleased so far. We’re five months into this, we’re still in the early days, but I think the signals we look for are signals like what’s the customer rating and how strong is the engagement, how big of a funnel are we building. And I think we’re very pleased with those the early results on those so far. If you take a look at our product ratings, in iOS, we’re up to a 4.8. But we’ve been at 4.9 the last two months. So out of the gate, that’s a really, really great feedback from our consumers that we’ve built something that they love and they’re using quite a bit. And when you see a rating like that, you end up seeing actually, you only get a rating like that, if there’s a lot of engagement. So we’re very pleased with how much they’re using the product. And when we launched this, it was this combination of entertainment and utility that we think is an innovation. And so far, that’s exactly what’s happened. The second big thing is we’re excited about the amount of interest we’ve had from partners. And our partnership with Amazon, as David discussed earlier in the call, Amazon is very pleased so far. I would say, they’re very pleased with how much engagement they’re getting with Alexa. But for them, this is one of the most innovative apps on the Fire TV platform and beyond. So stay tuned. I think we have more to do with Amazon as the year goes on. But we announced a few weeks ago this partnership with Sur La Table that we’re quite excited about. And the idea of that all these customers that are naturally attracted to cooking, who are visiting a Sur La Table store, either to buy a product or be part of their membership group or take a cooking class, are all going to get a six-month free trial that rolls to pay is quite exciting for us. So we’re excited to see how that turns out. You asked about the revenue mix, and it’s still early, so I would imagine this is going to evolve over time. But it’s been about 45% ads, 45% subscription and maybe 10% commerce and other partnership activities. But I’d say it’s still early in the game. We’re, again, quite pleased with how much activity we’re getting in the free layer. The people who are subscribers have become very, very active users quite quickly. So we’re optimistic and look forward to giving you guys more details as the year goes on.
Peter Faricy: And then I’ll just add a quick comment on the technology investments we’re making. One of the reasons we feel like the peak will be this year in 2020 is that we’re building this central technology platform for all of our direct-to-consumer products. So it will be one platform globally. There’s a lot of advantages for us in doing that. Obviously, one of them is efficiency. We don’t have to keep building the same product over and over again across the world. But probably the bigger advantage we like is that we can actually pivot faster and respond to customer feedback and build products that people love. So if you guys take a look at the product ratings for Dplay, for Motor Trend, for Food Network Kitchen, for all of our GO apps, they have made significant improvements over the last 12 months. And we’re very excited about those. Because if we’re going to win in direct-to-consumer, it’s going to be this great combination of the great content that we have, along with a great customer experience that we can build. And we think we’re in a unique position to be able to do both of those together.
Peter Faricy: Sure. Yes, Doug, the – I think the way that I’ve been thinking about it is that the very first step we try to take was to build this foundation, so that at some point, it is a glide path. It’s not a glide path right now, I can assure you. But the first two steps we took were building a really strong team and then building this technology platform. But on the team side, I think we’ve talked about this before, I hired Avi Saxena as our CTO from Amazon, we hired Tyler Whitworth as our leader for Food Network Kitchen and these lifestyle products. And then we’re going to announce later on this morning, I’m happy to say we’ve hired Lisa Holme to be our leader for Content Strategy, and she comes to us from Hulu, where she spent over the last nine years working on content and beyond. So we’re very excited about the talented team we’re building in the technology foundation. We have this great content. And now I think the journey we’re on is three things: Number one, how do we build products that consumers really love? Number two, how do we build partnerships with others who can help us scale these products much faster? And then three, how do we continue to iterate and respond to customer feedback? The lesson I think I learned over my time at Amazon is, there’s very few things that are a silver bullet and come out of the gate and are already instantly successful. This is a journey in these consumer products, we’re on a journey for the next 100 years to build these products and get them to be better and better and better over time. But I do think getting most of our products over the technology platform in 2020 and 2021 is going to make the incremental investments we need to make in technology smaller over time. And more and more of our attention will be focused on the content and the marketing as we go.
