David Zaslav: Thanks Todd. Well first our international business has never been stronger, last year we became the number one pay-TV media company in the world but more importantly we have more channels in more countries than any other media company and we started to populate those channels with better content, stronger brands and we’re growing market share over the last few years, 20% so a lot of the growth we are seeing in Western Europe is that the cost of getting local internationally most of that cost has been born already over the last 7 or 8 years, we have local teams throughout all of Eastern and Western Europe, Latin America and Asia and our content is getting stronger. So even in a flat market, which is what the advertising market is like or even down in some of Eastern and Western Europe, particularly Western Europe, we’re able to grow mid-teens, high-teens early 20s and that really is about the fact that our content is resonating. What Eurosport does is it just adds more must-have content, to pick up between 1 and 4 channels in 70 countries that we’re already in and to have all that IP and to be able to bring that to the advertising market and bring it to the distribution market with almost no additional cost, we think it’s really valuable. As important is the fact that we own all of that IP and it allows us to talk to partners about sharing content, about joint bidding for content and many of those partners will be distributors that we already have 8, 10, 12 channels with. So, we have found a lot of players in Eastern and Western Europe that are looking for to align around sports which is very attractive for us when we can package up all of our other channels and leadership. But for us Eastern and Western Europe is a very important market, where we are finding great success but Latin America is probably our strongest market right now, we have Discovery Kids which is the number one cable network in Brazil not the number one kid’s network. But the number one cable network, we also got early to the market with Discovery Home and Health down in Latin America, we have Discovery, we have TLC, we have Animal Planet, Science, we have five of the top 20 channels in Latin America. And we’re getting a lot of organic growth down there and we’re seeing big, big growth in India. So I would say our international business has never been stronger, our leadership position has never been as advanced and it’s one of the reason why I am spending more than half of my time outside the U.S. and one of the key elements of that is, how do we take our portfolio and make sure we have more must-have content, in Latin America it’s Kids together with Discovery and women’s programming and in Eastern and Western Europe it’s our men’s and women’s programming together with sports and that’s key for us, how do we continue to build our IP but our international business right now is just accelerating.Todd Juenger – Sanford C. Bernstein: Thanks a lot. A very quick follow-up if you don’t mind Andy on the international revenue line, there was a nice growth in the other component which looks it was attributed to production studios, maybe that was Raw or was that something else anything you can tell us what that is and whether it will recur would be great? Thanks.
David Zaslav: Sure, thanks David. Well first let me hit the upfront, for us the upfront looks like mid-single-digit we decided to sell less into the upfront market, the volume is not as strong as it was last year, having said that, the pricing in scatter for the past two, three years has been strong and the pricing in scatter is strong today. So, our view was given that the pricing was mid-single and that the volume was a little lighter that we didn’t want to sell into it. So we’ve held more inventory back if the scatter market performs similar to what it’s done in the last few years will have some significant upside for having that extra inventory. The advertising market in general has been good on pricing and a little bit year-over-year down on volume and for us at least we’ve decided to hold our CPMs and not go for that volume, you see some of that in the performance. The other thing is that we’ve had some tough comps with the Olympics, the cancellation of Everest and we sold How Stuff Works which had some impact. So when you at the last few quarters for us we see and we think some deceleration of volume, some unusuals that maybe held us back a few points but we also think we’ve left some money on the table. And so Joe Abruzzese and I and the leadership team have been focusing on how do we really maximize our rating points to get more value, so I think it’s those three together.David Bank – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much.
David Zaslav: Let me do Eurosport and then Andy will talk to the where we’re in terms of tax and what our opportunities are. Eurosport is a profitable business that has significant growth built in as it is today. They have locked in tennis, winter sports, cycling and track and field and those are locked in for the next few years. And just by going into local feeds using the resources of Discovery we think we could build the brand, we could enhance the performance in a meaningful way. So the question then since we have between one and four channels is we have a very stable and growing asset. What our options to build it, we will be disciplined, the idea of joint bidding in many of these markets can be very attractive. Often there are bidders you have two distributors bidding for content or you have a distributor bidding for content against a broadcaster and maybe in either case they don’t have enough platforms to carry all the content. And so we’ve had a lot of conversations where we can align, we can align on a disciplined basis, we could do it where we can get more must-have content which will enhance our brand but we could do it in a way that is either has good economic return in the near-term or has good economic return and allows us to pick-up all of our channels in a particular market and realign our relationship on the distribution side with the distributor. So I think when you see us bidding on assets, you should assume that we’re looking at it and we’re only going to bid if we think that it will at the very least in the medium and long-term provide more shareholder value for us. But I would look carefully at where we joint bid because we have a lot of great distribution partners around the world and many of them are interested in taking advantage of our platforms and our infrastructure and expertise and that could be a real helper to us where we can play in sports in a way that’s effective. There is no reason – we don’t see any reason to make a big bid to try and build the channel, we already have the channels, so it’s really a question of what do we put on it to build the brand and make more value for shareholders and make our overall portfolio stronger.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Ben. Well first and foremost we have a great organic growth story that’s intact and accelerating outside the U.S and inside the U.S. We see growth and we look at what we’ve done over the last year and we think we can do better. Our brands are still strong, we’re growing market share here in the U.S and we could even lean harder into the ad sales market and do even better. So we think the organic growth story is very compelling for us and there is a lot of kind of easy fruit, in a lot of these markets like India, Brazil, Mexico, Eastern Europe where we have 10, 11, 12 channels and subscribers are growing significantly and more-and-more viewers are moving to cable and advertisers you want to catch those. So there is a significant piece of our organic business that we’re just well positioned on. Having said that because we have infrastructure everywhere in the world. Local teams, selling and programming we are able to very quickly look at what’s out there and yet you are bigger in a way that we can grow faster and pick up IP and have more scale for our negotiations with advertisers and distributors is attractive but it’s all a matter of price. In the last 18 months we’ve done some acquisitions but we’ve done acquisitions that we think are really in line with our business for the SBS it’s 30% sub-fees, a lot of IP got us a lot of scale in the market, we have fair amount of synergy, we continue to take advantage of that. Eurosport which really just comes on top of our infrastructure. So we will look but again when you see – when you take a look at scale one of the most important things we did was we went from 4% of viewership on cable both in the last 7 years to 12, the fact that we know have 14 channels and many of those channels are channels that people are spending time with and affinity groups they love, having OWN, having ID that didn’t exist to be the number two channel in day time and in late night and the number four channel for women overall. That 12% scale is very important today. At this consolidation here in the U.S if we had 4% scale that would be real issue for us, outside the U.S the fact that we have six broadcasting networks and six cable networks in Italy gives us a – we’re the third largest player and the largest outside media company in Italy and the biggest media company in Eastern and Western Europe in terms of pay-TV, that’s important and so we do want to get bigger in Brazil, we want to get bigger in Mexico, we want to get bigger in Europe and Asia but we need to do it on a disciplined basis. And when we see our businesses growing over 20%, – 18%, 19%, 20%, 22% you can accumulate a lot of growth in a short period of time by just staying the course and doing what you are doing. So we’re looking, we certainly have a great team and great synergy and a lot of momentum. We feel comfortable that there aren’t the right assets that we continue to scale up as it is.
David Zaslav: Yeah we had a very good relationship with Sky Jeremy Barrett in most cases we sell our advertising in markets around the world in the UK Sky sales our advertising so they are the biggest distributor and they our advertising, we have 15 channels in the UK we have a very strong relationship with Jeremy, we have been very effective and I think a very symbiotic with Sky Italia, with Sky Deutschland, we also have a good relationship with FoxTel in Australia. So, I think you know part of this is building relationship and those relationships are often built on how long you have been in the market, how important your content is to the viewers and so I think we are in that relationship with Newscorp by having a lot of channels, important content that matters, it allows us to partner up, so I think there is no question consolidation raises issues, the fact that we have significant scale in those markets, I think is very helpful to us.
David Zaslav: Sure thanks Jessica. It’s in the U.S. it’s quite meaningful it – I think it’s going to take us another 2-3 years to at least on ID and we have been added on ID to get our fair share on CPM, the bad news is that it’s taking a long time, the good news is that we are making significant progress, we have really started on a very low base, I don’t think anybody expected that we would be aggregating these kind of female audiences with the length of view and scale of what ID has become. So, we are now starting to sell it really as a must have product, we are number two in day time, number two in late night. But it’s going to take time, the good news about that, there is some built in growth, same thing with Destination America and as look at some of our growing networks that’s going to provide real growth to us, so if the market – if the markets CPM are lower you should expect to see as those channels grow higher growth from us, outside the U.S. it’s even bigger, because we just rolled out TLC 18 months ago, into almost 190 countries ID we’ve rolled into about 150 countries in the last year and we are going to roll it out to another 50 in the next 12 months and we are getting accelerated viewership on those two channels in a meaningful way, one of the real advantage as we have outside the U.S. is that you go to France and you put on a TV, you are going to Italy and you put the TV on, it’s just the much, much less competitive environment. So as we launch – you launch a channel here in the U.S. you are one of 200 or 220 if you launch a channel in Russia in the Ukraine and Italy you are one of 50, one of 40, one of 60 and also just rationally the pay-TV market is more like it was 7, 8 years ago maybe 10 years ago in the U.S. so younger viewers are watching more of cable advertisers are starting to move over. So, we see a bigger gap. Finally I would say that one – when you look at the U.S. subscribers are flat, viewership is flat. So, it’s a pretty tough market, the one win at our back in cable is that there is still a meaningful CPM differential between broadcast and cable and it’s becoming less and less easy to justify. Primetime is probably the best justification, but when you look at the kind of viewership that we get on for instance ID in late night or ID during the day it’s much more difficult to do that, so I think you’ll continue to see over the next couple of years that gap not just for us but for cable versus broadcast come down.Jessica Reif Cohen – Bank of America, Merrill Lynch: Can I just the similar question on the affiliated deals a lot similar, but internationally how often do these deals come up and how much of your distribution revenue growth is – pure sub growth and how much are we starting to see affiliates for sub increase, I know we are way behind the U.S. but what kind of increase are you seeing.
David Zaslav: Well, outside of the U.S. is a shorter cycle so it tends to be about 3 year deals and the deal work differently and we are trying to change that. Most of the growth that you are seeing is actual subscriber growth, not pricing growth and the good news we are not the only one trying to change that now. Now there are some markets that have very high growth, we are just getting on that boat and going along with the sub growth is still hell of a ride, but there are number of markets that have slowed down, we are going to take now our scale and we have whatever our 10 channels or our 14 channels in the markets and really starting to drive through pricing growth. So I think over the next few years if we are successful you will see more of pricing growth where you know historically just been sub growth.Jessica Reif Cohen – Bank of America, Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
David Zaslav: The World Cup did have an impact on us having sent in that 17 was also few days of – there was some stuff in and some bad stuff out, if you took all that away, we would have still been well into the teens, even despite World Cup probably better than that if the World Cup wasn’t there, I don’t know Andy.
David Zaslav: Well, we don’t – we are not going to comment on any specific transactions but Liberty Global John and Mike Fries have built a great company and we like working with them, we like working with Rupert and Jason and James and Jeremy on the Sky platform throughout Europe, we see ourselves as partners with all of our major distributors and we are always looking for opportunities to work with our distributors to create more scale, more distribution revenue, better advertising, CPMs but that’s it.Anthony J. DiClemente – Nomura Securities Co. Ltd: Okay. Thank you very much.
David Zaslav: On the consolidation here in the U.S. First it looks like those deals are going to take meaningfully longer than expected. So I think in terms of the timing of the close of those deals it’s looking like it will be mid to at least mid-next year maybe later than that with the number of transactions that need to go through the system. And the implications of those very large consolidations. For us our focus is we’re now almost a 12% viewership on cable we were at 4 how do we drive that to ‘13, ‘14, ‘15 how do we make own stronger Discovery TLC. So certainly consolidation raises meaningfully as used where is to looking at it. We’re thinking hard about it as is all content owners in the business join to get that out. So we’ll continue to do that. On the CPM side, it’s we’re very focused on driving CPM value and we will often hold on price and walk away from business because in the long-term getting the value that we deserve for the quality audience we provide is how we’re gone get meaningful growth. And so you probably see us at the front inline of standing on price. And it does take longer with some of the newer networks and so we’ve been working with the advertisers and we feel like the more term is been with Destination America, Velocity, ID the more they’re gone want to come back. But on the volume side we walked away from dollars there and we’ll continue to.
David Zaslav: Having said that, we see significant value in our basket of content. We own all of the content we put on our ‘14 channels, the quality of that content it continues to get better the characters to storytelling the diversity of audiences. So we think that content is very valuable in on all platforms including SVOD as do the SVOD providers. And we’re in discussions with all of them and if we feel that whether it’s over the next few months or longer we will have some SVOD relationships that are benefit that are mutually beneficial.
David Zaslav: I think viewership on cable is pretty stable it’s not a great story in the US, it’s flat. People are spending more time watching TV in general that’s what the data says on the other hand when you added all up, it’s basically flat. So it’s you have to you need better content, we’re focusing on instead of just more content having be stronger better characters better story more on brand. But the U.S. market is a bit of a challenge, but the good news is we have very good creative team over the last few years we’ve been able to grow. The as you look at the first half of the year I think cable in general outside of us is down about five but we’re up about one. So outside the U.S. we’re up almost 20. So it’s not easy picking here and most of the share that you get if we gain share somebody else loses share. Having said that the fact that when we own our content there are lot more buyers for it now there are number of players in over the top space that when acquire our content is SVOD. And mobile domestically in around the world that becoming more and more interested in content. And so I think the ability to grow in a big way here in the US aside from new channels which is where a lot of our growth is coming from is definitely not as easy as it used to be.
Andrew Warren: Sure a big driver Todd the Eurosport licensing some of the content they have rights, they sell off some of the rights that they can’t utilize fully. So you will see that kind of be a sustained level of growth as we annualize the Eurosport acquisition.Todd Juenger – Sanford C. Bernstein: Got it thanks.
Andrew Warren: Your tax question is a very good one, one that we agree is a real opportunity for us, it’s something we’ve been very focused on for last couple of years. And if you look at the benefit that we’ve been driving so far this year, second quarter our effective tax rate was down 250 basis points. And the theory is really this as we continue to grow our content investment more-and-more of that content is being utilized outside the United States, so we’re domiciling all of that contents in places that not only do we have operations but also it is quite frankly more tax effective. So you will continue to see that reduction in effective tax rate throughout 2014 and you will see that accelerating in 2015. So regarding your inversion question. Look for us we’re going to continue to drive our effective tax rate down as I mentioned and given our deferred tax rate stuff structures we should have cash taxes below our effective tax rate. But inversion really it comes to down to really the strategic value whatever that alignment or acquisition could be. Inversion makes a very good deal better it doesn’t make a bad deal good. And so for us it’s really all about the overall structure and leveraging the operations we have internationally.
Andrew Warren: And Ben from a purely financial operating perspective on your acquisition question, 2Q is an important proof point for us when we annualize SBS, you look at the overall margin profile the company up 100 basis points, international up 50 basis points, it really showed and demonstrated you know the kind of command control that we talked about, that we are going to be grow margins off the new base, when you leverage this dataset, you know our infrastructure our ability to grow both the topline and leverage our cost base.
Andrew Warren: That’s correct, the – when you take some of those kind of unique items, we were still like a teen ad sales growth company internationally and we certainly expect that to continue in the third and fourth quarter, just really given the whole notion of share of wallet following share of viewership, in many of our key markets we still see our viewership and our share being much greater and our share of ad sales wallet. So, that cycle of catching up will really benefit us I think for many years to come.Anthony J. DiClemente – Nomura Securities Co. Ltd: Thank you Andy and then David, just Liberty Global has been a partner viewer I wonder if we could get your thoughts on Liberty Global acquisition of 7% of IPV have you consider partnering with John and with Liberty Global on that, I mean it seems to me that you would make sense to part of your free to air acquisition strategy on a fundamental level and then referring to an earlier question tax level, it could have been or could be helpful in terms of potential Inversion strategy. So, just want to get maybe your or Andy thoughts on that particular asset? Thanks
Andrew Warren: Yes Michael we’ve been very focused as we’ve talked about the cost structures and driving productivity and showing that we can sustain the level of profit free cash flow growth and part of that comes from just management of cost as aggressively as we can. So I think for the year, we expect kind of a mid-single-digit cost go through the U.S. net. We’ve talked about kind of on the content side be a more kind being in the mid to high and on the SG&A side kind a being low to mid. We have in the last several quarters only increased content spending growth kind of mid-single-digits which is certainly help the content profile going forward. There will be one meaningful exception to the growth rate which is the – another walk that we have in the fourth quarter. We’re excited about that and the impact that it will have on ratings in the top-line but to assume it’s a meaningful cost associated with that kind of live event.
Andrew Warren: No we’re not. So basically where we are assuming a continuation of the current deals in place so not assuming any large deals. So for the year approximately $10 million of kind of SVOD revenue from the Netflix deal that we already had previously.
