JB Perrette: Yes. And Kutgun, on the D2C segment, I guess a couple of points. Number one is, I think, as we mentioned on previous calls, first of all, as we're eight months in, the encouraging thing for us that we've seen is, ours engagement in terms of time spent proactive account has continued to increase and most of that increase has been driven by the inclusion of the legacy Discovery content, so -- and it's not been cannibalistic to the legacy HBO Max content. So we have seen increased engagement, increased hours of views, all driven by the inclusion of the legacy Discovery content. The second point I'd make is, if you look at the top 10 rails, it's pretty indicative. And you'll see oftentimes in there weeks where 90 Day Fiance or some of our other legacy Discovery content are making up three, four, five, sometimes even of the top 10 series on Max. So again, talking to content diversity and the success of the two content portfolios coming together. And then the third thing I'd say is, I think what is exciting about the next sort of 12, 24, 36 months is about a year and a half ago, Casey and the team with the non-HBO content, the Max Originals, really took a turn to sort of focus on bigger, broader WB-based franchises. And when you think of the lineup coming, they're very broad, they’re very four quadrant titles like Penguin, Dune, It, Conjuring, Harry Potter. And so, we feel like we're on a great trajectory. And frankly, the content lineup over the next two-plus years on Max is the most rich and the deepest and broadest that I think it will ever have been, not just on Max, but frankly even within the HBO lineup as well.
JB Perrette: On the Max side, Jessica, in terms of the international rollouts, I mean, I think David -- as David said in his remarks, one of the things that's sort of misunderstood when people look at our subscriber numbers versus certainly our larger peers is the point he made in his remarks, which is that, we are currently available -- our TAM is less than half the size of those larger peers. So that means we have still 2 times the addressable market to go after -- the other half of the addressable market to go after. We are excited that in 2024, we're getting back to growth in new market rollouts, which is the first time in two years as we've been, obviously, hard at work retooling the platform and the technology and getting it right in the US, with LatAm launch next week, Europe starting in the second quarter with two brand-new markets in France and Belgium starting in the second quarter. Asia and Australasia will likely be more by 2025. And then the rest of the European markets for now slated more for 2026. So that's sort of how we see the rollout coming, and we think that's a huge tailwind for us for growth and subscriber growth and revenue growth over the next 24 months.
JB Perrette: And I'd just add, Ben, I think the thing that's been most -- in some ways, the most exciting for the international rollouts is that, as David mentioned in some of his prepared remarks, there are a number of distribution partners in all these markets that are very eager to find ways to help us get to market faster and scale faster. And doing it with a partner, in many cases, can drive a lot of efficiencies from a marketing standpoint and get us to scale very quickly. So those are also great and very good conversations. And ultimately, economically, I think, will be very interesting for us as we transition from more licensed model to a D2C model.
JB Perrette: And I think Robert, on the B/R Sports part of the question, it really -- it dovetails exactly with what David just said, which is we look at the overall the sports venture, this new sports venture, and the ability for the partners to bundle with their existing streaming services, and with our case, with Max is great for the consumer, make it much more simplified. And as it relates to, what does that mean for the existing B/R Sports that are on Max, look, we'll have more to share with that over the coming months as the -- we get closer to launch the venture, but obviously, it's incredibly compelling to be able to say that we'll be able to take the incredible entertainment offering that will be on the -- that is on Max, along with the great aggregated, simpler, more compelling consumer offering of the joint venture and put those two together and offer them in a compelling fashion to the subscribers. And as just as a note, obviously, in the meantime, we're continuing to lean in on the Bleacher Report sports offering, and we're incredibly excited over the next few months to bring all of our March Madness, including building up to the Final Four on Max for the first time here over the next 45 days, and then leading into the NBA playoffs a little bit later in the spring.
David Zaslav: And contrasted candidly of the next -- of the last six to eight months where we just didn't have a lot of content. So what's encouraging is that, we've been able to grow and we really haven't had much fresh content. And so this True Detective was step one, but we're going to be rolling out all of these franchises and shows over the next 12 to 24 months, and it gives us a real sense of optimism.
David Zaslav: Sure. Well, why don't I start with that? Look, there's about 125 million households in America and there's more than 60 million of those that are not in the traditional bundled cable ecosystem. And we see that with things like Bleacher Report, where we have 30 million people mostly under 30 that the overwhelming majority are not in the traditional cable universe, but they love sports. They're on Bleacher and House of Highlights all day. And so we have a very rich target of over 60 million people that love sports. And it's a product that's quite modern. So today, when people are thinking what channel should I watch, what channel is my sport on, you'll be able to go to this new product, this new app-based product, and if you love the baseball playoffs, you'll watch all of them. And you're not thinking, what channel is it on? Hockey, you'll watch all of the hockey playoffs right through the Stanley Cup. For basketball, you'll watch all the playoffs right through to the championships, and you will never think or ever have to Google where is it. And so it's a platform that this -- that the younger generation that is not subscribing, we're able to go after those that we're missing. We're missing those subscribers. The traditional cable industry is missing those subscribers. We think it's very pro-consumer. Look, we have a great relationship and -- with our existing distributors. This is a unique product that's looking to meet a very strong demand. And together, I think this partnership of us together with Disney and Fox, with Bob and with Lachlan, we're like minded, we're aligned. We believe that this could be a very compelling product. We're going to be very aggressive with it. We're going to be aggressive marketing it, and we think it coexists very effectively. We don't see a lot of people unsubscribing to cable in order to get this. We're going after the 60 million plus doors that are -- they're not thinking about getting cable when they get their own apartments. And so, we're quite excited about it. I've seen a number of the prototypes. We're pretty far along. This is not an announcement you're going to see. We're going to follow pretty quickly with our plans, and I think it's going to meet a really -- it's going to meet a demand that's very strong in the marketplace.
David Zaslav: Just one point on that. This -- the ability to now have a profitable streaming business and to keep that business profitable and growing in a year where we're launching in multiple markets around the world, where we're deploying real capital to build the brand, to market the programming, and to have the infrastructure around the world. And so for us, we see this year as a continued build as we go toward next year of $1 billion in streaming.
David Zaslav: Free cash flow is a key metric for us. And we said we're going after it to have generated the $6.2 billion, but also just the 60% conversion, this company -- in a year where we held back dramatically on selling our content to third parties, where you saw -- I think it was almost $1 billion in difference year-over-year in terms of the content that we sold. We're doing what's right for the business long term. We're laser-focused on driving free cash flow delevering. You'll see us driving free cash flow this year. You'll see us delevering the balance sheet. That makes us a healthy company because when you partner that with the fact that we have great content, great creatives at Warner, at Max, at HBO, great content coming up in the next few years. That we think is the recipe to really differentiate us.
David Zaslav: And just as an operating thesis for the company, we're really focused on running these companies -- each of the companies efficiently, having them work together, and we're fighting for free cash flow and to grow free cash flow in each of the businesses. As Gunnar said, this past year we did get the help of the strikes. On other transactions or whether there's assets out there outside of investing in ourselves that make sense, obviously, we look at everything. We work really hard to get ourselves a healthy balance sheet, to pay down debt, to get below 4 times levered, to really focus on where we're spending money, on driving free cash flow. And so, we've positioned this company really now as being a healthy company and with a great leadership team, with a lot of direction. We have a great set of assets. We're probably the only pure storytelling company, particularly a pure storytelling company that operates on all platforms. And I think we have the greatest set of franchise content assets. And so I like our hand. I think as we look to the future now with Max profitable, we think we can build that. And so we like where we are. We do have the optionality of looking at other assets, but it's going to be a very high bar for us. We like our hand, where it is, and we like the -- our particular strategy right now of building Max and really deploying all of our great creative assets.
David Zaslav: The point that Gunnar made, when we do sell content, we do it only co-exclusively so that we hold on to everything. There's nothing that we want that's on Max that we would sell and wouldn't be on Max anymore. I would put it in two categories. Channing is back in business quite aggressively, the Warner Bros. Television business. We have over 100 series, some of the best series on television, Shrinking, Abbott Elementary, Ted Lasso. We have some of the greatest talent on the TV side working with us. And so, that's back up and we think we're going to see a lot of -- we'll see a lot of opportunity there. On our library, we're incredibly aggressive on the bottom end of it. There is a group of big branded programs that represent the core of who we are as a company. And we're -- those are going to stay with us, and you've seen some big name shows, but most of those have been around for a very long time. They've already been syndicated on other platforms and we're able to reap a significant amount of dollars from them. And so, that will be the balance. We probably have the biggest motion picture and TV library in the world, and our job is to really focus on how to monetize that with different windows.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Ben. Look, the UK, Germany and Italy, and I think we've said it before over the last year, are key markets for us. We have deals in those markets with Sky, which is a -- has been a -- over the years, a great partner to us in many ways and will continue to be a great partner to us. But having our own direct-to-consumer product in those markets is a core strategic initiative of ours, and we're already in business aggressively in those markets. In the UK, we have our direct-to-consumer Discovery+ product and we're one of the leaders in sport in the UK where we have what -- our partnership with BT, which we just rebranded as TNT Sports, and that has millions and millions of subscribers. And that partnership is going very, very well. And so, the idea of coming into that market with the wealth of content that we have, and our content is -- we see how well our content works in the UK, Germany and Italy. We could see the ratings of that content when it airs on Sky and the share that it gets in the aggregate. And so we think it's -- those will be real businesses for us and meaningful and real opportunity to grow economics and grow subscribers, but that'll be in -- beginning in 2026.
David Zaslav: Now, there are markets like, for instance, India, where we did a very attractive deal with Reliance. There are markets where we look and we say that for the near term, even in that case, we did not do a long-term deal, we get a chance to see how all of our content does. And if we think that we can be more profitable and build asset value in a market, we will go. In markets where we don't and the economics are very compelling to sit out for a period of time, we'll do that like we did in India. But Europe is core to us and Latin America. And so you're seeing us really speak to that with these launches, and you'll see it over the next 18 months.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Robert. Look, I think everything is driven by the consumer experience, and the consumer experience right now is cluttered, it's awkward, it's somewhat confusing. People have learned how to deal with it. You google what show, where a show is and -- or where a sport is, but rebundling just makes an awful lot of sense. And this idea, I think we've transitioned out of the idea of subs at any cost. We've done that by getting Max profitable and really focusing on getting real subs with real economics and growing that like a real business. But the ability for a consumer to go to one place, the Verizon example is a good example, and Netflix is a great product. You put it together with Max and you can get those together, provide a very meaningful experience for people, and it makes it a lot easier to traverse across our universe and theirs. In the longer term, I expect that there will be meaningful bundling. It's going to happen in one of two ways. It'll either be a bundling by an intermediary, a platform company like an Apple or an Amazon or a Roku, or what's going on with Charter and Comcast, which is very compelling and I think very helpful to all of us in the content business, that these channel stores morph into places that have -- just provide a simpler and easier and less anxious experience for people to find the content that they want and have it be simple and fluid. or we could do it ourselves, and I've always advocated that we should do it ourselves. And so we're looking to do that domestically. We're looking to do it outside the US. In some ways, the sports venture is trying to meet that very need that when you put our product together with Lachlan and Fox's product together with the ESPN product, it just has a much better, more fluid, more simple consumer experience. It's not which channel is it on? It's not where do I go? How do I go? Do I have it? Don't I have it? It's in one place. And I think more and more will be gravitating toward that.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Well, and then on the -- on your EBITDA question, John. So I did go through some of the puts and takes, as you said, in the prepared remarks. We are also going to continue calling out factors that will affect comparability over the course of the year. On a segment-by-segment level, if we start with the studio, we've talked about the games cadence last year, this year, and on the film side, obviously this is going to continue to be a hit-driven business. And just last year was a great example with the greatest success in the film studio's history and some real challenges across the industry on the superheroes side. So there is not a lot more to add at this point. For D2C, which clearly is the top priority here from a growth perspective for us, we're committed to maintain profitability, but as we said last time we spoke to all you guys, is we've restructured the business. $2.2 billion of profit improvement in 12 months. From here, the priority is going to be different. We're not going back to subs at all costs, but we want to fuel profitable top line growth, and that's going to be guiding us as we go through this year and beyond. We have the $1 billion bogey for -- before 2025, and JB and the team are going to lay very important foundations this year. We have deliberately not given a more specific target here because we will not be in a situation where we manage the business for results in individual quarters or fiscal years. We'll do the right thing for the company, and especially on the D2C side. That might mean decisions over the course of the year to pull back on individual markets, accelerate into others, respond to how our consumers are receiving our content. So rest assured, we'll do the right thing from the perspective of long term asset value and value generation, but we will not be focused so much on individual quarters or years profitability. On the linear side --
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Right. And then just to finish up the segments here on the linear side, I mean, you heard us talk about what we're seeing right now, and that is a more optimistic view than we have had throughout most of the past 21 months since we closed this deal, but at the same time, I don't have a crystal ball, and we were not in the business of making longer term projections here. We're going to be as transparent as we can and as much detail as we can about what we're seeing, and we'll continue doing that as we go through the year. What really matters to me is we're going to continue to be very focused on delevering the company. I told you that against the $6.2 billion of cash generated last year, we're off to a strong start in Q1. January was very good. We're going to continue focusing. And I do think that we're still in the early innings here. We have an entire organization with 35,000 people changing their view on how we run the company, how we deploy capital and what we're optimizing for. That's going to have dividends for us for many, many years. So we'll continue to delever, we're committed to our 2.5 times to 3 times target range. And you'll continue to hear us talk about free cash flow generation.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Let me start with the free cash flow question and the view on investment priorities. So I did go through in my prepared remarks some of the puts and takes, and I deliberately do not want to give a specific quantitative free cash flow guidance. We did call out the fact that there was $1 billion of a benefit last year, and that is going to reverse in 2024. There's no question about it. I also took you through some of the below the line helpers here, interest expense and cash out is going to come down. CapEx is going to come down. Restructuring expenses are going to come down. And as I said, we will continue to be very, very focused on capital efficiency. And some of that impact is not going to be individual quarters, but it's a longer term process. And we have already very significantly changed the approach to our investment decision-making and a harmonized process across the entire company. So I have a lot of confidence that these will be very positive contributions over years to come. And as I said before, I'm not in a position this year to give very specific EBITDA or cash conversion guidance. We'll be very, very focused on it. We still believe that our long term target of 60% cash conversion is very doable, very achievable. [indiscernible] continue to focus on delevering the company. And what I will say is, we haven’t really -- we haven’t made any trade-off decisions here between investing in the company and delevering. We have funded our investments. David talked a little bit about the film studio, but we've also made investments on the games side to get to a more consistent cadence of releases over time. We have deployed hundreds of millions of capital into our studio lots and tours and operations, and we have funded every promising content project. And all of that is happening at the same time as we're investing in an overhaul of our systems landscape, et cetera. So we have made a ton of investments. We have great assets. We know where to invest more over time. And as I said, we -- from a capital allocation, capital structure perspective, we remain focused on the 2.5 times to 3 times for now. But you're right, over time, there is going to be more and more optionality.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: All right. Let me maybe take the first one here and provide a little more color on advertising. So as we said in our prepared remarks, we have actually seen improvements now into the first quarter across the board. The US side is, I think, benefiting from the fact that we've seen improving ratings trends over the entire second half of last year, and I think we're beginning to monetize that. The upfront deals are kicking in. Remember, we had a very different strategy this year versus last year. So it's a visible improvement across the board. And we -- again, I don't want to make any predictions for the rest of the year, but we have a lot of growth priorities lined up. We're catching up on advanced advertising revenues. The team has made some structural changes and we're beginning to harness the entire data footprint of Warner Bros. Discovery as we roll this out, upfront cancellations are [indiscernible]. So that's the US market. And again, forget about the streaming side of it, which, as I said, is growing at north of 50%. Internationally as well, and while there is no such thing as one international market, it is a mixed picture, but the key markets, the most relevant markets for us in Europe specifically, are doing very well. Again, Poland is doing incredibly well. We've got very, very strong network positions there. Italy has seen real upswing in programming. We're the fastest growing group in that market, and that's all flowing through to advertising. And even in those markets that historically have underperformed a little bit for us such as the UK, the Nordics, those numbers are looking much more stable now than they did in the fourth quarter. Again, this is seven weeks into the year. I don't want to make any predictions, but we're in a much, much better place today than we were.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And then Jessica, on the third-party sales, and I'll let David weigh in as well, of course, but we are doing exactly what we said we were going to do. There is no religion with regards to warehousing all of our content on Max or not doing business with competitors. We are one of the greatest makers of content in the world, and we serve our own platforms and we serve third-party platforms. And the honest answer is, I can give you a sort of high level direction. We're looking at this case by case, and we've got a process in place. We have the best possible view now on what the strategic, the financial merits of exploitation of our own platforms versus partial exploitation with third parties are. And we have healthy discussions. And what you will notice is, we haven't sold anything since we closed the Warner Bros. Discovery merger. We have done some co-exclusive deals, and that makes a lot of sense. We've got all the data. We know exactly what we're giving up, and we know exactly what we're winning. Now, at the same time, we are having tough discussions internally. We look at the data together and there are definitely certain red lines, and David makes sure that we never cross them. But in other cases, we've gone with some deals that have garnered some press attention and that I am very, very happy with because we're doing the right thing. We're providing oxygen to our content and we're optimizing returns here, not only for the company or shareholders, but also for the talent that we're working with. We are doing the best we can to make those great stories and monetize them in the best possible way.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And then Ben, on the NBA, as you know, we're in the middle of exclusive discussions here, so I want to lift it up maybe one level to a general statement on how we look at sports rights. We're spending close to $20 billion sort of, on content and programming in the broadest sense, and every dollar we spend plays a different role across the portfolio. We generally like to own our content. That's not the case with sports, but we obviously acknowledge the enormous value, reach value, emotional value of these deals. And we have been able to strike profitable deals and we're always going to be disciplined. It's very easy to lose control over sports rights investments. That's not what we do. We're going -- we know exactly what value we assign and we stay disciplined during our discussions. And if you take that into account, I think we have enormous opportunity to be much more efficient with our content spend overall across the entire company, and that will include certain areas in which, you're right, you probably have to assume that there is inflation going forward. On the NBA specifically, we've had a very, very strong partnership for 40 years, and I certainly hope that we're going to be able to continue that in the most positive way.
