David M. Zaslav: Great. Thanks there, Kannan. So, I think our company has really – if you look at where we were three years ago, three and half years ago with the beginning of a cycle of all of our deals coming up with distributors here in the US and around the world and mostly our IP being non-fiction, we really – we made a strategic decision that we were going to invest more in content. We were going to focus our brands to be really around tribes or super fans. Get Discovery back on brand, science, we've driven Oprah to be number one for African-American women, but we also felt that we needed to grow our IP to have strength to really drive our long-term affiliate fees in an aggressive way. And we had said all along that sports was a real lag mover, that a lot of what you saw with ESPN in the 1990s is the way we see the sports market and the way that you saw the kids market in the 1990s is the way that we saw Brazil. So, we've emerged with much stronger IP and we're spending more for it in Europe on the sports side, but we've been very disciplined around it. Almost all of our deals have been low single or mid-single increases and we said we will be profitable on Eurosport with our sports bets. On top of that, we have the ability to sell that same sports IP to other platforms. As you go to Latin America, we have invested more in IP, but Scripps never went down to Latin America, so we have the number two or three channel for women in Latin America, which is Home & Health. So that's the equivalent of home, food and health down there, and we had also invested in kids' IP. And so as we look at ourselves today, we now have made most of our pivot. We don't need more sports content in Europe. We can be opportunistic. We have three sports channels in each country. We've been able to get big step ups and better than double digit increases, and you see our affiliate fees now growing double digit in – outside the U.S. You're going to see that accelerate even further in Europe. And we're finding that having kids, as well as a great female content, together with Discovery being number one in most markets, is giving us a lot more strength in Latin America. And so, our cost structure is really stabilized here in the U.S. We have Oprah working. We have Discovery number one in the U.S., and we have our channels on brand. And I think we've basically stabilized in Latin America and in Europe, because we have enough sports IP now, we think, to go directly to consumers to service all platforms, whether it be the phone guys or whether it be satellite providers, or content, or going directly ourselves. So, I think we're in much better position, with real long cycle sustainability on our affiliates domestically and internationally, and when I look at our bouquet of IP, we like our hand and it's important for us now to get that kids' IP, to get Discovery, which was last – two weeks ago determined to be the number one channel that people in America would want as a channel over the top, to take advantage of our brands and our IP on other platforms, which would be a cherry on top.
David M. Zaslav: Good question. Most of our sports rights – with the Olympics after Rio, we'll get the rings in the Olympic library and we'll be in the business with the IOC throughout Europe for the next four Olympic games, and I'm heading over to Rio tomorrow. Most of the rights we've gotten are in the six to eight year range, and we've gotten all of our rights on all platforms. Four years is shorter than we would like, but having four years start in 2017 we think is attractive, and we don't need the Bundesliga on renewal. Right now we have – we're the leader in tennis, we have all the winter sports, we have track and field, we have cycling and we have MotoGP in all German-speaking countries. So getting the Bundesliga is, we think for us, kind of a real jump start and it allows us to play a lot of the games in terms of mobile and other providers that we think could be quite attractive, and we could learn a lot from it. We don't have any affiliate deals right now that are dependent on that, and we will be charging independently for the Bundesliga, so it will be a separate piece, sort of the way Turner – the way it's been done here in the U.S., so for us it's really a one-off. It's an ability to get the equivalent of Monday Night Football, to go into a very strong market and to take advantage of all the strong IP we have. And the fact that this is the most competitive market in all of Europe. Not just in terms of having a good advertising play, but you have a number of mobile players in that market, you have some very strong cable guys competing, and on top of that, you have Sky Deutschland fighting. And so there is a significant amount of interest in getting, as I said before, one, there is no requirements – governmental requirements – that would restrict us from offering certain things exclusive, certain sports exclusive. We did it in France with Volare (41:16), and so we can make this available to everyone. We can make some of our sports exclusive. We can emerge with an exclusive deal for some of these Bundesliga games. So, it just gives us a lot of vitality, and it takes us through 2021 and then we'll see what happens. We don't need it.
David M. Zaslav: And what we're going to need to do for you, when we get – when we fully lap this sports journey, but here we are a few years in, and we're operating three Eurosport channels. We've gone from 120 million subs to almost 150 million subs. Our viewership is growing. We have a direct-to-consumer product. We've increased our IP. And Eurosport still remains – it has a lower margin, but it's still profitable. It's in the double digit profitability range. And we've said that we will keep it profitable, but when we look at that profitability, we say this is what we're making on Eurosport in advertising and the affiliate revenue that we assign simply to Eurosport. But the way that we're doing those deals is, we're packaging Eurosport together with our 10 or 12 channels in each country, and that's where you see the 10% affiliate growth. That's not driven by subscriber growth. There hasn't been increased fees, generically paid by distributors in eastern Europe and western Europe. We've been getting significant step-ups and long term sustainable growth rates because of the overall package. And on top of that, we have the Olympics, which we said was going to be profitable, but now, based on the deals that we've done, and we're only about 27% or 28% of the way there, but on the deals we've done already, they're substantially more attractive and we think not only will we make money, but it will be quite profitable for us.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Ben. First, the economics isn't driven just by Liberty Global. We just happen to be announcing Liberty Global. We've been able to do very favorable deals in Latin America. We're able to do very favorable deals in Europe. As you know we pulled our signal on three occasions in the last six months. So, it was a cultural change of – not only is our IP better but we're going to stand up for the value of our content and that's reverberated in Asia as well. The other piece that's helping our affiliate line which I think has more sustainable opportunity for us is that more and more content players want some exclusive content in order to de-commoditize their platforms. So whether it's a mobile player or whether it's a satellite operator or whether it's a cable operator in a particular market, more and more they want some exclusive content. So that when you buy their service you get something you don't get anywhere else. And we've been able to take advantage of that (52:56) in the Middle East and OCN (52:59). So we did our full package of services in the Middle East and then we offered some extra content to BN (53:03) and some extra content to OSN. That was all incremental and that's exclusive content. We have a huge library. We did the same thing with Bolareux (53:13) in France, and so more and more we're having discussions where we provide our base of services into the marketplace but then because we have a real opportunity we can just create a kid science channel. We can create a male channel very quickly in a market. We can launch another female channel. We can launch a young female channel and we can do it at very low cost with our library. So that's one of the things that's been helping to drive it. We don't comment specifically with respect to Sky or any of the other players in the marketplace in terms of when their deals are coming out or what the status is.
David M. Zaslav: I mentioned this in my comments but when you look at 50% of our revenue being long cycle, for us I think we've worked really hard over the last three-and-a-half to four years to get significant increases and it's paying real dividends us now. In an environment where the universe declines, we're still growing very, very healthy and we will, even if first declines increase. In markets where there weren't increases, we fought to get the increases. In Latin America, and in Europe and we sit now with 50% of our revenue very strong. Almost like a bond. And so if you have 50% of our revenue growing at 8%, 9%, 10% then the question is what do we do with our IP and our existing platforms? And what happens to the advertising market? If we grow 2% then maybe we're a 5% growth business. If we can grow around the world 5% then we're 6% or 7% or 8% growth business. If the advertising market – or we do a better job programming our channels and we can get advertising around the world up to 8% or 9% then we're a double digit growth business. And so I think, we are really going to focus in now. We've done a really good job on focusing on our brands. We have done a good job of getting our IP strategy in place with kids in Latin America and sports in Europe and in Asia now we have sports and kids at a much lower cost. But the incremental on top is if we could now create extra revenue by going to other platforms, that's all incremental. And so we're going to spend a lot more time on the other 50%, which right now is ad sales and viewership share of all of our brand as well as taking all of our IP to every other platform in every market in the world to get more dollars.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Alexia. Well, first, Shark Week was down this year. It was still the number – maybe fourth most successful Shark Week. But we think it should be much better. We got it to a whole different level in the last two years and it dropped off. Part of that I think is, we made a mistake. We moved it too early. We did it for two reasons. One, we wanted to get out of the way of the Olympics and two, we thought it could be helpful to us to align with the July 4 weekend, but I think in retrospect, doing a lot of the research, I think that it was too early. There were a lot of people still working. When we've done it in August, we get a huge boost in date & day and late night, because people are just hanging out, and the kids are – kind of the dog days of summer. So I think you'll see next year, it will be going back into late July, early August where we found the most success. The only – one other thing I would say about the overall ratings and advertising market, advertising market feels strong. Scatter is better than double-digit above last year. The volume is quite good. We have been hurt in the U.S. by the strength of the news networks, they're up almost 100%. A lot of the viewership that's going for those networks is coming from some of our channels. Discovery's still the number one channel in America for men. But there's no question that both our male and female channels are getting hurt a little bit by that. So we're looking forward to the Olympics being over and early November, for the elections to be over, because we think we have a good hand with our brands, and a good hand with our channels. In terms of longer term, we can't predict. I would say we took some more money because the pricing was quite good. We were able to get more dollars and better pricing into some of our more successful channels, like ID, that's broken through now and is a top three or four channel in America for women and it's number one in daytime and late night. We were able to do a lot better with that. And Guajardo has, working with Abrase (61:34) has done, I think, a good job of leveraging some money into digital, which should show up as incremental in value next year. Scatter right now is strong. I think the biggest narrative that's changed, and I don't know how long it will change, is that TV's a pretty good place to move product for advertisers. And a number of advertisers move to digital and they weren't able to move as much product and they weren't able to get the kind of metrics that they were comfortable with, and so more money has moved back to TV. And the ability through things like X1, the ability through working with a number of the data services, to really get better quantification for who's watching and target advertising on television, is improving, as well as TV Everywhere getting a little bit better. So overall, I think right now there's some momentum that TV is a pretty good place, a more favorable place to move money, more sustainable, more dependable. I think over time digital is probably going to make more of a comeback, but that whole en vogue of digital has, I think, worn off a little bit and those that went in too hard, I think got hurt a little bit. So, for now it's good. We can't really make any long term predictions, but we're certainly way ahead of where we thought it would be.
David M. Zaslav: Okay. You know, Discovery GO, right? We're talking about an authenticated app where we're working together with the distributors. So we have TV Everywhere, which we now have deployed everywhere possible, and we have our own authenticated app which allows us to get incremental advertising, but also reach a very strong Millennial population. So our CPMs on that are quite good. Our viewing globally is up. One of the things that – it's a little bit of a tale of two cities. Northern Europe is a challenge. It's been a challenge for the last year and it continues to be a challenge. Advertising was actually down in northern Europe. If you took northern Europe out, we were double-digit growth everywhere else in the world. And so we are finding that northern Europe, through very high penetration of high speed, very expensive cable, high penetration of HBO and of Netflix, and a very strong appeal of U.S. content with a high English-speaking population that loves the U.S. stuff, that it is having a significant impact on viewership in northern Europe. SBS has been a good transaction for us, it's a free cash flow machine. It's been very efficient in terms of the price we bought it at and the synergy we got. But of all markets around the world, it seems to be the one that has the most challenge in terms of viewership on traditional platforms. The good news is, it doesn't feel at all like it's contagion. In fact, Netflix penetration and SVOD penetration outside of northern Europe is much lower than everybody thought. Local content is working better for those players throughout most of western Europe and Latin America. So our viewership overall is up. It's up in the mid-single range, and we're fighting very difficult economies around the world. I mean, you have almost every country in either Latin America or Europe either flat or down, and advertising tends to follow GDP. The reason that we're still growing is that our share is growing and we have some efficiency and we've been able to get a little bit of market power as we've gotten bigger. But we don't see the economies improving anytime soon, and we don't see northern Europe improving anytime soon, but the rest of the market feels rather healthy to us, and our ability to continue to get double digit feels sustainable.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks. Andy can get into more detail, but in the aggregate we were down 2%. You are seeing, I think, a little bit of a changeup. I don't want to call who the winners and losers are. You can do it. We see announcements of a number of guys gaining. Some of that hasn't flowed through. We don't know whether there are a number of platforms. In some cases we have some consolidated players that are looking to transition some from one platform to another. So we're getting some movement. Whether it's a sustainable 2% or whether that ameliorates based on the press releases that we're seeing from some of the bigger distributors that are saying that they're growing. We're also being helped a little bit by TV Everywhere and X1 is quite a compelling product and that's a big helper to us. And with Charter now and Time Warner coming together be Rutledge being an aggressive proponent of TV Everywhere, I think that will also be a helper. But what happens to the universe as some of the platforms are losing and some are gaining, we have a little bit of a lag, it remains to be seen. Right now it's looking like 2%. We'll let you know in the next two quarters whether that was high or low.
Andrew C. Warren: Yeah, and clarifying the Bundesliga economics is one of the more important goals of this call. As we said, it's a unique opportunity to gain these 45 game, prime time games at very favorable terms. And we've committed to that being free cash flow positive, and that does not include any additional OTT penetration that may be derived from those rights. So again, a very favorable outcome, a very favorable economic result. And again, to the degree that it drives, and it will, higher OTT penetration, that's just all upside.
Andrew C. Warren: Well, look, Michael, it absolutely does. It's about two-thirds locked in right now. And, look, it absolutely underpins both our guidance for 2016 as well as our increased guidance for 2015 through 2018. That line of sight we have now, and to a much greater degree than we thought a year ago, around the international affiliate, is one of the biggest drivers of our strength and views of both this year and the next three years.
Andrew C. Warren: One other point, Anthony on All3Media, just to remind people. Not only was it absolutely (50:30) strategic value that we wanted to achieve, especially around as David said, IP curation and first looks and optionality. But remember the deal structure itself was incredibly capital efficient. We did the deal, as you know, with Liberty Global. We both write an equity check for about a quarter of the value of the company. We're able then to, within the JV structure, do an additional 50% with debt and leverage that certainly makes it more capital efficient. So it is a very strong IP and strategic play and also being very capital efficient.
Andrew C. Warren: Hey, Ben. Yeah, Bundesliga it's really half the annual cost will be recognized in 2017. It is a four year deal, but because it's only six months of 2017 it will be one half of one year as license fees.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, is a four year deal. And look on the affiliate line, no question that our pricing escalators certainly reflect the 8% plus growth that we're now at. The question is and you all can model this yourself is what would happen obviously with the sub universes and what those declines may or may not be. And again, a lot of our penetration rights protect us but clearly the pricing escalators and other deals we've done reflect that sustainability of growth.
Andrew C. Warren: Sure. Yeah, Todd, we did say down 2% versus down 1%. That nominal acceleration at 2% is a combination of cord cutting and cord shaving. But again even including that down 2% we still had – it's really a growth of 8%. So it really speaks to the extent at which our affiliate pricing contracts had been sustained. And what was the second question? Yeah, and the upfront, Todd, was – look, it was very strong for us. Without getting into too many details, broadly speaking pricing was high single. We were able, given that pricing dynamic, to sell out a little more of our inventory while still leaving room for the strong scatter. And so net-net, really couldn't be happier with the pricing. David mentioned the dynamics around OWN. We also put a lot more of the ad volume into our digital platforms, and so couldn't be more happy with how the upfront played out and how we're able to monetize that strength.
Andrew C. Warren: And from a network perspective, Vasily, it's kind of a mix. The bigger drivers, which is good for us, so the decline is really what we call the digi nets, or lesser distributed networks. And it's good for us because that's not where the economics of our US business are at. And so the bigger, mostly distributed, higher CPM networks are kind of growing at or below that level. And then we're still seeing, by the way, growth on Velocity and some of the other networks that have a particular affinity group that we continue to see traction on. So, it's kind of a mixed bag, but again, good for us that it's the lesser valuable networks that are seeing the greatest extents of decline.
