David M. Zaslav: Sure. Hi, Alexia. The advertising market kind of feels steady as she goes. We don't have a lot of visibility to the upfront, but scatter pricing is up mid-to-high teens over the upfront. The volume is relatively steady. We come into the market right now in the second quarter and into the upfront, I think, with a very compelling story. Our ratings are up. We're up in April in prime, up 5%, while the industry is down 8%. And for the full year-to-date, we're flat in prime with the industry down 6% and broadcast down 12%. But, more importantly, I think we're a very protected environment. Our brands have never been stronger. So not only do we have a growth story, but we have a real strength of viewership story on ID, on TLC, on Discovery, on OWN. And so, it's an environment the advertisers are quite comfortable with, and so I think that we're finding the market to be steady, and we're starting to take advantage of it with the quality of our brands and the fact that we actually have some real ratings. On the short-form monetization, the good news for us is that we're learning a ton. This whole Group Nine transaction has been terrific for us. We're building even stronger relationships with Facebook and Snapchat. We're understanding a lot more about the consumption of one minute videos. We're up to over 4 billion in views. We're the number one or two video provider for news on Facebook, and we're experimenting with them in different ways to monetize that. Guyardo is working with our entire team in putting Group Nine together with GO, together with our traditional inventory, so we have a great 360. And together with Snapchat, I feel like we're reaching more demos, a significant difference from two or three years ago where we felt like some of those demographics were being left behind and our story-telling capability in short-form, we felt like really needed to be improved. So we're quite happy with where we are. I think the monetization of short-form has a fairly long way to go. And so if there is upside there or if it takes a turn, we are now one of the – we're the number two or three provider of short-form content in terms of all the media companies, and we have a right to take control of Group Nine in two years. So I think it's been good and it's working very well with our ad sales team, and it gives us, I think, a very forward-looking view in terms of being able to reach all demos as we hit the upfront.
David M. Zaslav: And the deals that we've done for the Olympics thus far have been ahead of plan. And by locking in those rights, we're excited about the fact that Germany is kind of the real center spoke of Europe, so not only do we have Eurosport free-to-air and pay in Germany, we have a free-to-air female channel, a free-to-air male channel, and we'll be doing the Olympics ourselves in Germany, which we think will add a significant amount of value, and having extra scale in Germany is important to us because it's such a robust market.
David M. Zaslav: So that was really just some bulk delivery of content to our existing partners. It's a very small component of Q1, but when you add it on top, it provided some growth. So we felt it important to point that out and we may do more of those.
David M. Zaslav: The cadence that Gunnar was talking about is simply that we got all the rights for eight years, but in the UK and in France, we didn't get the Olympic rights until 2022 and 2024, but we did structure a deal with the BBC, whereas part of their rights to carry the Olympics, we got a substantial amount of rights and extensive digital rights in 2020 and 2022. But when you allocate the actual fees, because of France and the UK, the cadence is a little bit different, that's all.
David M. Zaslav: And Michael, just to confirm our company but also my full engagement in social media, I was following the hundreds of notes and likes for your birthday yesterday on Facebook, as well as the numerous picture posts, all of which I thought were very nice. Happy birthday.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Rich. Well, first, I think, ultimately, consumer behavior and consumer consumption is what drives the capitalist market. So you can develop a channel, but you have to create content that people want to get nourished by. So you can sit in a conference room and say what you want to provide people. Ultimately, the consumer is the one that is always the determining winner. And you look at outside the U.S. – outside the U.S., there have been very successful skinny bundles. We're on all of them. We have quality content with strong brands that are valued. Our cost of content is relatively low. And we've done extremely well on all of those skinny bundles all over the world, in Latin America, in Eastern Europe and Europe, and each of them have been in the very low price range. And even when there is sports, sports is just hyper-extended here in the U.S. reflected in regional sports, traditional sports. Retransmission can extend the integration of sports with other channels. And so this is a bit of a stuffed turkey here, and in many ways, when I read about the skinny bundle here in the U.S., I see the skinny bundle in 200 countries. When I look here in the U.S. and I read skinny bundle, there is no skinny bundle here. Skinny bundle in the U.S. is a fiction. The idea that you have a $40 offering filled with regional sports, sports and all these – an incomplete package, really, and then you have to buy broadband on top of it, so the skinny bundle is $60 or $70. So it's really not a skinny bundle. It's a bundle. It's a bundle that may be attractive to a small group of people. But, in the end, I think the market will be rationalized. We represent 12% or 13% of viewership. We have the top channel for women in ID, the number one channel for men in Discovery, top channel in Middle America with TLC, a top channel for African Americans with Oprah and Tyler, and our cost of content is low. We are on DIRECTV NOW. We're on Sony. We're on many of the platforms. But, ultimately, there should be a bundle like everywhere else in the world that's $8, $10, $12. And I believe that will happen. I think these overstuffed turkeys are going to end up being a challenge from a consumer perspective, and the consumer's going to say, I'd like to have an opportunity here. And in many ways, Netflix is a terrific company, and they continue to be very effective, and so does Amazon, but we as an industry need to complement that with a quality offering that isn't – that's a true skinny bundle in the spirit of what's working around the world, and I think that'll happen. It's just a question of when.
David M. Zaslav: Well, it's not profitable, but it's pretty close, and our overall approach right now – it's run by Ben Lerer, who's doing a terrific job there. We put some of our assets into it. When we closed on it, it was $3 billion. Now it's $4.2 billion. We continue to learn about what engages people. We have great analytics. So I think that it helped us lean into our understanding of what kind of content we could provide for Snapchat. It's informing the way we tell stories, the kind of stories. And so this pivot to mobile is quite important for us. As we look at over $7 billion screens out there, we're the leader in traditional platform on linear around the world, and we own all of our content so we can move a lot of our long-form content. But being able to repackage with The Dodo, we have Animal Planet, which is a leader around the world, and now we have The Dodo, which is the leader now in short-form animal content on the web. And so being able to own those different areas are critical. We're not focused today on making money. We're focused on learning. We're focused on getting more scale. We're focused on building our relationship with Snapchat, with Facebook, with all of the different outlets out there, and have millennials kind of really get nourished and excited about what we're doing. And in the long term, we're hopeful that they'll be a meaningful currency, and we're actually working with Facebook now on different ways that we can do that, which I think is in both of our interests.
David M. Zaslav: Okay. Thanks, Todd. On the advertising side, look, we – in Europe, we really haven't gotten help in 11 years. GDP across Europe, if you take out the UK, has been effectively flat, and the advertising follows GDP. So we've been able to grow despite that. But there have been some geopolitical issues. There's no question. You have the UK down 4% and Brexit has had a meaningful impact on the UK. That's a big market for us. There was a restructure in Russia. We're one of the leading players in Russia. We were the first ones that were brought back. Many of the media companies that want to get into Russia now have to go through our media partnership. But Russia changed because we can only own 20% of it. There are values that we can get outside of the 20%, but things changed there. So, in mainland Europe, we're doing quite well. We're growing in – outside of the UK and Asia, we're growing in every market. And Latin America is growing high-single digit now, but it was growing 20%, 30%. So the fact that Brazil kind of tipped and Argentina has struggled for a while, and Mexico is having some challenges is having an impact, but we're still seeing high-single digit growth in Latin America. We're still seeing growth across all of Europe. Some of that has to do with the fact that our share is growing, and our brands are stronger, but we expect that that will continue, and we're used to doing business in a difficult environment. The other thing that we're seeing is Asia is tough, and it's likely to be tougher. In some ways, we have a smaller business in India, but I'm glad we have a smaller business in India because the demonetization has been a struggle. The recovery from that demonetization has been longer than expected. We got a report out this morning and yesterday from the team over there now. It looks like things are slow and there's a government regulation regime that looks like it may be coming down in India, that's going to put a damper on a lot of the growth that was assumed to be coming out of there. The good news for us is that's going to have a very minimal effect on us. So I think our positioning of being big Europe, quite strong in Italy and Germany and across all of Europe with real scale, together with strong positioning in Latin America probably puts us in as good of a position as we could be in. I wouldn't want to overweight in Asia right now. And the other Asia issue is just being the potential, and we're looking at doing this, of just jumping right over in many of these markets traditional distribution and going direct-to-consumer, which is what we're looking at doing in a lot of the areas in Asia. We're entrenched in a very good business in Japan, but it's not growing that much, and a lot of other areas of Asia, we're actually going to – we're going to take all of our IP and we're going direct. So, I like our combination. It's certainly not robust. I would say steady eddy, and I wouldn't expect that things are going to get much better. I hope we don't have more Brexits. I think the France thing helps us.
David M. Zaslav: Sure. What we've seen is, across Europe, we'd expect it to be relatively flat, maybe even slightly We pivoted. We pulled our signal four times in the last 18 months, so most of our growth now is coming from price. We're being helped by sports. In Latin America, a lot of our growth is coming from price, which is really a change. If you look at the last 15 years, the majority of growth in Latin America, in Asia, even in a lot of Europe was really – the U.S. was increasing price, so you got double dip. You got a higher price and you got more subs during kind of the heyday. Outside the U.S., your price increase came from subscriber growth. And so, we have had to kind of retrain that market over the last two years by getting our content and our IP more important and by driving for price, and we've been successful with that. In some of the markets, Brazil was growing quite aggressively. In the last 18 months, two years, Brazil has actually lost 2 million subscribers. And so that's a function of the actual economy. The C class had accelerated, and then the disposable income had evaporated, and you actually – if some of that comes back, which a lot of people are predicting that it will over time, as Argentina's feeling better now, Colombia's feeling better, if Brazil makes the turn, that would be upside for us. We don't have that in our plan. Our plan is that the growth would be coming from primarily price.
David M. Zaslav: Yeah, so look, we're seeing – what Gunnar said is what we're seeing. We're seeing a slight acceleration on universe decline. We said we were on average about 3%, and for our bigger networks, it's actually less than that, and we have some pretty good protections against that. That's where most of our overwhelming amount of money comes from. Some of the smaller network, we actually saw meaningfully higher. So when you put it altogether, it was about 3%. That's in our plan. So this is not ahead of what our plan was for the year. If there was significant acceleration from that, then that would affect our plan, but we were doing a little bit better than planned last year, and so now we're kind of on it. So that's where we are on that. One point on the Olympics; the overwhelming majority of the value that we get is kind of what I would call long cycle sub-distribution revenue. We're holding back. In some markets, we're doing all of it. But, in a lot of markets, we're sub-distributing to a free-to-air player. We get guaranteed revenue. We've done that in multiple markets. We then hold back a significant amount of content for Eurosport, which we then sell. We then hold all the rights and we go direct-to-consumer. We could offer it as a whole package. We could do it by sport. But this is – the overwhelming majority of the dollars is sub-distribution revenue that's more long cycle that we'll be able to give you some visibility on, but we're ahead of plan on the deals that we've been doing. But it's too early to talk about the actual margins. But it's – not only do we think that we'll do nicely on it, but it also has helped us in the marketplace. It's helped us in terms of building up our overall distribution revenue. It's helped us in aligning with the federations; it's helped us with the IOC, with additional sports throughout Europe. So it's been a very – it's been a big positive and we're looking forward to it.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Anthony. Look, we're adding a substantial amount of subs. We're doing a better job with churn, but what's most important for us is, directionally, we're figuring out what nourishes an audience, what people are willing to pay for, what excites them about the player, and what kind of a player we need to have a really competitive sports Netflix product to serve the 730 million potential opportunities we have across Europe. And one of the big learnings we had is our old player was only able to offer all the sports. And so by August of this year, maybe early September, we'll have our BAM, Major League Baseball product, deployed across Europe. That's going to be a huge difference for us, because one of the things we're finding is rather than people paying $8 to get a whole bunch of things, what they really would rather do is do a seasons pass. They'd rather pay $6 and get all the cycling, and then they could hit another button and they can get all the tennis or they can get all of the speed skating, or they can get all of the winter sports, or all the track and field, or all the squash. And so we've deployed a full team now that's operating out of the UK. This is a team that helped build not just the NFL package here in the U.S. with DIRECTV, but the NBA package. So we've hired a whole different group of people. And we haven't even launched our new player, which we'll be launching in the next couple of months. So are we doing a lot better? Yes. Is our churn doing better? Yes. But most of our success has come from the fact that we're learning that, instead of offering a magazine that offers a little bit of a whole bunch of sports, that we're better off going to these superfan groups. And over the next year, year and a half, we'll give you significant – much more information about how we're doing. We first want the player to launch. We'll be offering the Olympics. We'll be offering the Bundesliga. We'll be offering individual sports, which we've already started to do in Northern Europe and in certain markets. And right now, the affiliate growth is not in any meaningful way from the player. And we have a significant amount of cost that we're putting against it, because we've hired a lot of people and we really believe that that sports Netflix product is a game change for us.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yeah, sure. Ben, good morning. So, on the affiliate revenue growth guidance for international, as you could hear in my opening remarks, we're continuing to target a 12% to 13% full year growth rate, and if you look at the run rates, as you say, we got 10% in Q1. I also said that we're going to see a slightly lower rate in Q2, which is not a change in the trend, but it's more related to a prior year comp where we had some catch up in Q2 2016. And then, as you say, we're targeting a pickup in the second half based on some deals that we're working on currently to get to that 12% to 13% figure for the full year. On Bundesliga specifically, maybe allow me one or two comments. As David said, I've lived in that market for all of my life, and really, it's important to understand Bundesliga is one of the top, top sports franchises in the market. We've got a good share of that. We own the rights for four years. It's a strong right and a good deal for us in terms of the duration. And looking at the number of players that are in the market that are looking for premium IP, we're talking to a number of players, and I'm absolutely convinced that the Bundesliga deal will help us strengthen the portfolio in the market. Talking about Bundesliga, again, from my perspective, a very interesting deal; I very much like that pan-European cross-platform approach to that deal. And again, I believe we will be able to create a lot of value, especially if you look at the eight-year period that we're looking at.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And then, Ben, maybe your second question, the impact of those other distribution revenues on the U.S. side, we just felt it important to highlight that there were some contributions from those deals. It's small in the greater scheme of things in the whole distribution revenue line item. And we see more of those deals coming forward as we look at the full year.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Okay. Michael, this is Gunnar. Let me take that. So, on the Olympics, it's still too early to really talk about the exact cadence of how the P&L impact will turn out. A couple of things that are clear from today's perspective is that the 2018 allocation of cost is going to be the lowest given that we don't have all the rights or not as many rights as in later years. So we will update our models and update you as soon as we have a reliable set of figures across those eight years. Generally speaking, the Winter Games are less expensive than the Summer Games, and we definitely see an upside from the Olympics deal generally on affiliate revenues. As a matter of fact, you can already see European affiliate revenues going back to double-digit without even having factored in all the sports rights. And we also, obviously, see contributions from our Eurosport Player. (37:10)
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And then, Michael, on the cost guidance, I think, looking at the Q1 numbers, you see that the company is very focused on cost management. Clearly, coming in, I will continue that focus and take a fresh look at cost as well, but I must say I'm very happy with the performance that Discovery has delivered on the cost side in Q1. So, the general guidance for us for 2017, as I said before, is total company organic cost of revenues up high-single to low-double digits, and we will be even more restrictive on SG&A on a total company level targeting flat-to-low single digit increases for our cost base. So please be assured it will continue to be a clear focus of the management team here.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And Todd, maybe if I can add one point to that discussion, I think if you take a step back, you referred to the 2015 mid-term guidance, right? Yes, advertising has been somewhat slower, affiliate has been slightly stronger, and if you look at the total company guidance, EPS, free cash flow guidance has even been raised after.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yeah, so as I said before, it's really too early to give you any specific numbers, but I feel very strong about the Olympics deal. We have all kinds of monetization opportunities: sub-licensing, affiliate, advertising. We have complete rights, all platforms. So we'll be able to cover literally every moment of the games on air, online, over-the-top, on-the-go. So I think there's a lot of opportunity for us, but please understand, it's just too early to give you any specific guidance there.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And Anthony, on that streaming JV, I'm very excited about that deal. I think it's a great JV in itself and it's even more opportunity and optionality for us going forward. So I think there is a desire for people and for consumers in the marketplace to have one destination where they can get most of the stuff they want to consume on an OTT basis, and I think we have done a great step towards that. ProSieben has an established seven TV platform with a strong installed base already, and we're leveraging that now. And I think there's a lot of optionality going forward. We're open to bringing on other players via broadcasters or some of the networks that are otherwise only available in pay TV. So, you can think about an SVOD option. You can think about integrating the Eurosport Player, et cetera, et cetera. So there's a ton of optionality and I'm very excited about that JV in the German market. And I clearly think that it can be replicated in other markets in Europe and that should be our aspiration as well.
