David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Ben. Look, TV Everywhere in concept is terrific for us because we get measured with our spots. Currently we only get measured when you watch it on your computer, but pretty quickly we'll be measured if you watch it on your pad. And so it's kind of -- it's an opportunity for us to move with technology on a fully measured basis. Our position is that right now, the cable operator only has the right to carry our channels through to the TV set. And giving that pliability to the consumer is a real benefit to the cable operator. And so for us, right now, we're just at this -- a little bit of an impasse on value. We think that there's substantial value in us allowing our 13 channels that represent almost 12% of viewership on cable to go. And from our perspective, and eventually it will happen, one of the reasons, I think, it hasn't happened with us as quickly is our deals haven't come up yet. So most of these get done when you do your deal. So it includes new -- launching of additional subs for channels and your fees go up, and then -- and TV Everywhere and what's the value for that, and in that value bundle, the TV Everywhere has gotten done for a lot of the other guys. So for us, I think we're having discussions about doing it separately. So you'll either see that we did a TV Everywhere deal or you might see that we did a deal early, which includes TV Everywhere. Or what will most likely happen, because we're supportive of TV Everywhere, is as we do renewals in the future, if we get the right value, we'll do it. The most important thing for us is that we've built our viewership on cable from about 5% or 6% to almost 12%, with real affinity networks. And when a distributor says TV Everywhere to consumer, TV Everywhere means to consumers that they can watch the shows they like and the channels they like when they want to. And I think we're in a very good position because people are really liking our channels. And with that kind of scale, the distributors are going to need to have us on TV Everywhere for it to be successful.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, David. We are seeing some CPM growth, particularly in the U.S., where the market has been pretty healthy. Outside the U.S., most of our strength so far has come from audience. But the fact that we were growing market share over the last 2 years and our scale is getting bigger; outside the U.S., we've been able also to push price. I think you'll see more of that in the quarters ahead. This quarter, our viewership was up 12% outside the U.S., and we were able to get 29% advertising growth. It's because we're starting to be able to get a better power ratio. On the integration piece, we're very well positioned for that because we produce all of our own content. And when you look at our 13 channels, we have the ability because we produce our content to do a lot of integrations. Joe Abruzzese has a terrific team. We have a whole group that focuses just on this. And it gets us an added hurdle of benefit when you take a look at the upfront or the scatter. And then we're able to bring in some premium advertisers because we can provide unique value. We're not doing as much of that outside the U.S. but we're doing more today than we were 1 year or 2 ago. So I think that will be something that we're going to continue to push on and should help us.
David M. Zaslav: I mean, I would say right now in the U.S., it's an added benefit. It's not significant but it's not immaterial. So it's one of those things that we look at us an edge on a lot of our competitors because we do produce our content. We have an intimate relationship with the advertisers. And so every time we can do it, it's added dollars and it's added benefit for the advertisers. So it's one of those things, I think, we can build on and it's unique to us and a couple of other media companies that really produce all of their own content in niche affinity groups.
David M. Zaslav: Sure. Thanks, John. Right now, in terms of cancelations, they're quite low. They are consistent with what we've been seeing. So we had a good upfront where we were mid to high single in terms of the kind of economic increase we were able to get. And so first quarter looks good. On the ratings side, for October we pulled back a little bit. The broadcasters have been strong. They were coming out with a lot of strong content. Football was coming in. And we felt like we should hold some of our powder and let the broadcasters have their thing. Let the viewers like -- wanted to try out a lot of that content. And so we're now feathering in. We just launched Gold Rush this past Friday. We launched Moonshiners on TLC. We rolled in some of our new content, which you're going to start to see this quarter, this week and the next 3 weeks. So I think that you'll see a real stabilization over the next 2 months with -- on TLC and Discovery. On our other networks, we didn't really change our approach because they're much more niche networks. And we didn't think the broadcast piece was going to have much of an effect on ID, much of an effect on Destination America or OWN; and in fact, it didn't.
David M. Zaslav: Sure. Well it's doing better than we expected. It's a very strong business. Just to remind everybody, it's about a 30% subscriber fee business. We've been effective in attacking the cost structure in terms of how we house our people. And we've -- we're now in the process of taking advantage of our revenue synergies. They get a lot more for their advertising than we do. They also -- because of scale, they were operating at 20%, 30%, 35% of market share in terms of viewership. So with distributors, they were stronger. So on advertising, we'll see it pretty quickly. And on the distribution, we'll see it as it -- as those deals flow in, which will be over the next 2 to 3 years, there's a shorter cycle. The revenue synergies, again, will be over time -- I would say, probably 2/3 of the cost synergies we've attacked. We've been over there a number of times. We've got a really good team, so a little more to come on that. You'll see the advertising again before you'll see the distribution. But it's all working as we hoped, and we think it's going to be a terrific asset for us.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Todd. Things are going very well with Eurosport and with TF1 Group. They're great partners. Martin Bouygues is -- just getting a chance to get in a room with him and see how he sees the market in France and learn from his experience in Eurosport has been positive for us. We like the business a lot. We've been learning about the business. It's unusual. It's in 59 countries with between 1 and 4 channels, so it's a true Pan-European sports vehicle. I would say we think it -- looking at it now from the inside, we think it even has more potential, really because of the unique nature of it. It's -- all that distribution, in some ways, it falls in the category of what do we do and what do we understand. When I got to Discovery, we had all these channels all around the world. And the question for us was how do we maximize those to make the most money and reach the most viewers? And so Eurosport, like Discovery when I got here 8 years ago, has a fantastic platform portfolio. Nobody comes close. Nobody even -- there's no one that can tie even half of those countries together with even 1 channel, let alone 1 to 4. And so our challenge, us and TF1 together, is how do we take something that's doing well and has a unique platform and make it even stronger. And so we're going to attack it the same way we attacked Discovery, more local, looking at content in each country, looking at partnerships in each country. And we have that right to take control, and that -- it's a unilateral right, and we'll look at that over time.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Michael. Well look, the good news about the way we've been able to build this -- our economic attack across Western Europe is we're the biggest cable program player in Western Europe. We make more money than anyone else in Western Europe. We have more channels than anyone in Western Europe. But because we can use our content across those countries so efficiently and because our channel position and sub fees are strong, we're -- we've been able to get sustainable growth, not just in terms of sub fees, but more importantly, we've been able to grow more than 20% in ad revenue across Western Europe when the majority of those countries are flat or in recession. And so for us, that's a big part of our growth strategy, is maintain high -- sustainable high-growth in a flat or recessionary environment. Now 2 weeks ago, I was in Madrid, and Munich and London. And you read about things getting better. Candidly, the buzz is better. As you go into those countries and you meet with the advertisers and you sit down with the government and you ask what are they seeing, what do they expect. Everyone seems to think things are better. Having said that, I would say it's pretty stable. Italy is still really struggling. France is struggling. Spain, they're saying that maybe they're going to make the turn and go to a plus 1%. We'll have to wait and see. I would say it's certainly not getting worse. But for us, I think we're in great shape. If a year from now, 2 years from now, 3 years from now, you start seeing Western Europe improving, then we're going to -- you're going to see a ton of energy against us because our market share is growing in those markets. Our pricing power is growing in those markets. And we're growing 20% in those markets given these conditions. So we feel very good about Western Europe. And for us, with a long approach to this, we see Western Europe as the new emerging market. We bought assets there. We've launched channels there. And in the aggregate, Western Europe is bigger than the U.S. So Latin America is huge for us. But Western Europe, we've been very opportunistic and we've been very careful in terms of how we spend our money. That could be a big growth engine for us.
David M. Zaslav: And for next year, it'll depend on what deals we do. We haven't done deals outside the U.S. We did one very small one, but there's -- we're really contemplating where could we take advantage of that new window, which is almost all incremental margin for us, with companies like Amazon or LOVEFiLM, which is Amazon outside the U.S., and Netflix. So we're looking at that. We also have some deals coming up inside the U.S. that we could do. We have found that there's been no degradation of audience from the deals that we have done. And we think as we go into those discussions, as there's a lot interest in our content, we have series that are doing better. We have brands that are stronger. We have a lot more content. So right now, it's a very good time to be exploiting that market. Having said that, there are some markets where TV is really just growing. I was down in Brazil last week, and if you're -- you go to -- you're in São Paolo and you're in Rio and that you're looking at what's going on with the cable market, that you have a whole C-class that's opting on to television for the first time. And so for us, we're on that first starter C-class package. So if NET Brazil launches to approach the C-class with 12 channels, we have 5 of those channels. And that's how people are being introduced to TV, and it's quite hot there. And it's -- and then they get -- over time, they get -- they try and get the cable operators or distributors trying to push them up to a broader package. So in some markets, there's a real concern about doing some of the SVOD deals so early on. And so we're going to -- we're taking the long look at how do we grow our business in the long term, and we're -- if doing SVOD deals means extra dollars, extra value, extra eyeballs, we'll do them. And where holding off for a period of time is better for us in terms of long-term branding and growth, we're going to do that.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Rich. Well, first, we are not at the top of the list of channels that have high DVR shows. Having said that, we're moving in that direction. Because if you look at OWN, a lot of Oprah's Next Chapter, Tyler's shows, Sweetie Pie's, if you look at Discovery, we have more and more series. And so we're finding that we're getting a more meaningful pickup on the DVR plus 3. Having said that, I'd say 80% to 90% of the viewership on the DVR, we do get picked up in the first 3 days. I think the broadcaster will benefit more than we will if it goes to 7, but we'll get some benefit. The overall viewership trend that helps us in a market that's flat here in the U.S. is that, one, we're growing our market share, which is important. Two is we're growing women with OWN, ID, TLC, Animal Planet, Destination America. We have a real suite of women's networks. So that as viewers move off of broadcast, the viewers that are sometimes in the most demand are women, and we've really built that -- built up a very strong offering in that area. And the fact that the CPM is still significantly different. And so look, I think broadcasters had a good start to the season. They've been -- last quarter they were down 22%. Starting in this season, they're up a little bit and with DVR, they're up a little bit more. Good for them. I think it's good for all of us. More people are watching TV, more people are engaged in shows. We're often not the first choice. We're often the second or third choice, and that's a good thing. People, they may watch The Voice, and then they get a little bit bored and say what's my favorite and what are my 2 or 3 other favorite networks, and if we're -- if we get a good amount of that second, third viewership on Animal Planet, on ID, on a lot of our channels, that's how we make a lot of our bread and butter. So overall, I think if it goes to 7, it will help the broadcasters more but it'll help us some. And right now, it's pretty good for us.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Barton. Well, look, I think we're having a great run. We've built a terrific creative team and we've invested a lot of money in our content. And our viewership share has gone from 5% when we did most of these deals, or 6%, to almost 12%. OWN is the #1 or 2 network for African-American women in the U.S., beating BET, which is a fantastic network, 2 or 3 nights a week. We have TLC as a strong network. Discovery, the most valued network on cable, according to the cable operators surveys. ID, a top 10 network in America. So we've come a long way. Science is a great affinity network; Hub. So we've come a long way, and we've done it the hard way and the old way, old-fashioned way. We've invested more money in people, invested more money in content. And when we sit down with the cable operators who we have very good relationships with, they recognize that. Our cost of content has gone up a lot more than our subscriber fees. And we're probably the only guys that, that's the case for. And one of the reasons for that, I believe, is our deals haven't come up yet. And so what we've been doing is we've been good actors. We've done what we said we were going to do. We've got more and more people loving our channels. And now when we sit down and we negotiate our deals, we're going to be looking for fair value. And fair value for us is going to be substantially more than we were getting before because we've doubled our market share, our channels are working, we've invested a lot of money. And the cable operators and the distributors have gotten a lot of value out of that. They've been selling our channels. And so I think we've got a great hand, all of our deals come up together. So that when we sit down with a distributor, if we do have a collision, then we have all 13 of our channels. We have the #1 network for Hispanic men, with Discovery Español. So we have really been building these affinity niche groups. So our expectation is that we will get meaningful value in return for the strong performance for our channels. And if we don't, then we're going to have to stand for the value that we deserve. We've been doing it around the world, and we'll do it here. We did very nicely in our deals last year, but a very small percentage of our deals came up. We got higher increases; we got channels rolled down. We got some issues on channel position addressed and we didn't even use TV Everywhere. So I think we got a great hand. And if we have to, we'll stand up for ourselves because it's our time.
David M. Zaslav: Yes. Thanks, Michael. Well, first, this is all real growth because we fully lapped all of our launches. So what you're seeing now is pure year-over-year. The free-to-air is pretty limited. We've done it in markets like Spain that has low pay-TV or Italy that has low pay-TV and Germany. Germany has a massive market but there's only 3.5 million pay-TV subscribers, and we've been in that country for 15 years with great content. Remember, when people say free-to-air, they tend to think of one -- of a broadcast network. We really have what I would call a hybrid model. We buy a free-to-air channel, say, in Spain. But then our cost of content is virtually 0 because we have 15, 20 years of content in language that's never been seen in that market or by the overwhelming majority of the population. And so -- and we continue to churn out that content in other countries for channels that are in language. And so when we go into Spain, we start making money immediately. So we discovered -- we launched Discovery MAX in Spain, and it's getting about 2% market share from nothing. So -- but our cost of content is incredibly low, and so it's quite profitable for us. So we launched a number of free-to-airs in Italy. We're looking to launch another one in Spain. We launched the second free-to-air in Germany. All of them are profitable. And they become nice marketing vehicles for us because we could promote to our pay-TV channels in those markets. In Italy, in particular, the market is down 10% and we're up dramatically. We have our women's broadcast network in Italy, is 1 of the top 4 networks in all of Italy. And it's been a huge success for us, so we launched a male channel over the air there. And that's been a big success for us. And then we promote the Discovery, we promote the Animal Planet, we promote to our channels that are on SKY. That also helps us because when we sit down with SKY, there are some markets that only have 1 or 2 players. In Italy, it's SKY Italia and it's Berlusconi [ph], but Berlusconi [ph] is quite small. And so it gives us some optionality. They didn't want to give us a significant increase for our women's channel on the SKY platform, so we put it on broadcast, and it became a huge asset for us. They now want to carry it, an HD version of it on SKY Italia because it's so popular. Having said all of that, in -- as you look at Latin America, as you look at Russia and the Ukraine, as you look at India and Indonesia, those are growth markets we're playing the dual revenue stream game. That's the game we know how to play, that's the game we're going to play and we're not going to go into any market that has broad pay appeal with free-to-air channels.
David M. Zaslav: The final thing that you see is -- suppose we're in a market and we have 5% market share, and then we launch a broadcast network, which gives us a couple more points. We're approaching in some of these markets with scale, and we've reached in some of these markets, Italy in particular, where we have enough scale that even in a down market, we can push price. And so sometimes, that's part of the thinking in some of these markets, and that we can bring along some of the pay-TV channels in price as well.
Andrew C. Warren: Great. Ben, it's Andy. Just to add one point to that. One element that we've talked a lot about is the need for measurements of authenticated viewership. And Nielsen's committed to, in 2014, a measurement approach for that, that we can monetize on Madison Avenue. But that also is a big question mark. And then on your corporate cost question, as we've said, we are very focused on cost containment and cost productivity, especially in our corporate area. So yes, the costs were down year-over-year in the third quarter. And yes, they will be down again year-over-year in the fourth quarter. So it's been an area of focus, and we've had some success.
Andrew C. Warren: Sure, Todd. We said earlier this year that you'll see the -- or kind of moderate our investment in content, given the original hours that we invested in 2011 and '12. We all know there were some double-digit cash increases. We had some nice payback on that. This year though, one thing I highlighted was on an apples-to-apples basis, we're in the mid-single-digit growth year-over-year, which is what our commitment was earlier in the year. So from an amort perspective, you will still see double-digit amort coming through in 2013, but you'll see that abate in '14, as the single-digit cash investment this year helps next year's amort. So think in terms of a decreasing cash investment in 2013 and then a decreasing amort in '14.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes. Roughly, if you look at it on a 2-year basis, clearly last year, there's a lot of advertising money, particularly in Europe, that was moved out of the third quarter into fourth. So say it's 5% to 10% of an improvement in the third quarter that helped the 29%. And then conversely, you'll see on a 2-year basis a similar kind of growth rate year-over-year. So there'll be roughly, call it, 20-plus in the fourth quarter.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, Michael. We -- if you look at the press release, we have a table that kind of lays this all out. For the third quarter, they're -- all the acquisitions together were about $33 million of OIBDA. And that's -- while, we're not highlighting specifically what their growth was, they've had some very nice growth year-over-year. And their performance, as David mentioned before, is at or better than our expectation going into the acquisition. So their performance is strong. And again, if you look at the table, we lay out specifically what the acquisitions -- what their impact was on both international and total company.
Andrew C. Warren: We look at it in total. So we're not going to split it out, Michael. But if you look at it in aggregate, it's -- again, the growth rate has been strong and it's been better than our expectation. But we're not going to specifically lay out SBS.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes. It's similar to what you see with our business. There's certainly some seasonality. You'll see growth in the fourth quarter is based on advertising and holiday spending. So you'll see seasonality exists there as you see in other parts, particularly in the ad supported businesses. So you'll see a greater contribution, a greater performance out of SBS in the fourth quarter.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes. For the fourth quarter, it's going to be very small, Alexia. I mean, the revenue we had in the third quarter was largely driven by the extension of the Netflix option we had, but there will be a very immaterial amount of SVOD revenue in the fourth quarter.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes. What we said is that going forward, model out high single-digit growth year-over-year in content spend, and there -- correspondingly increase of high single digit on a content amort. That's kind of our long-range planning and modeling around maximizing the value of the content, maximizing the value of our global reach. So high single digit is kind of our long-range thinking and planning.
Andrew C. Warren: And, Michael, just to add a little more financial color. If you look across all of our regions last quarter, we had strong double-digit ad sales growth in every region. And in 3 of those regions, we don't have free-to-air. So while free-to-air is a nice help -- helper, the core business, the dual stream business has had tremendous ad sales growth in really almost every market. So the real story here is consistent solid growth across our platforms.
Andrew C. Warren: Sure, Vasily. On the first one, very similar kind of answer. Olympics had an impact, arguably a little less so for SBS, just given the market dynamics there. But the seasonality is very real. And you'll definitely see a meaningful, higher proportion of ad sales in the fourth quarter, and therefore, overall revenue growth for SBS in the fourth quarter. So the dynamics are very similar. With regard to OWN, look it's -- look, as David said, we're incredibly happy with the OWN performance. The $20 million net paydown of debt in the third quarter is tremendous and that will accelerate further in the fourth. With regard to our picking up 100% of what we expect to be profits in the fourth quarter, that will continue for a very long time because the nature isn't -- while they still have negative equity, we pick up 100% of their profit and losses. So as OWN moves to a profit profile, which again should be happening in the fourth quarter, we'll get 100% of that for the foreseeable future until their equity balance is fully restored.
