David Zaslav: Okay. There is a lot of, I think press release activity in the marketplace. In the end, I think if the marketplace moves that way, it’s likely to move pretty slowly, people are still watching more TV than they ever have and the duration of the bundle was very effective. The unbundling, I just don’t see it happening, I think it’s – if it does move in that direction overtime we own all of our content which is in advantage. We’re taking advantage of it with Eurosport in Europe, we’re taking advantage of a little bit with D Play in the Nordics but here in the U.S. I think you’ll see the pay TV model maybe working this way but even then they’ll be working that way with distributors in a way that is not too disruptive. ESPN has gone in a way that’s very limited for broadband, so I think there are a lot of releases here. It’s unlikely to have a significant impact in the near-term in the next four, five or six years as content goes directly to consumers. We have great super fans of our content domestically and around the world and if it moves that way in any meaningful way, we’ll be able to take I think very strong advantage of it because the affinity groups we have, the quality of content that we have and the fact that we own it, we own all of it. So you don’t have to go to anybody for it. But I think it’s going to get a little more overplayed over the next couple of months, they’ll be a lot of announcements in this question, what’s the price? What’s the platform? Will people aggregate together? In the end, there will I believe be a rationalization, we have a strong marketplace here in the U.S. basic cable is very effective it’s also going to be a lot cheaper. And if you try and aggregate a few of these direct-to-consumer products.
David Zaslav: Thanks Todd. Well, we would significantly disagree with that on a couple of levels. One, SVOD is really determining itself what it is. If SVOD ends up being HBO and it’s basically movies and a couple of original scripted series. And the answer maybe that for that platform we’re not at the top of the list. And in that case I think there are likely to be others that will take the strong quality content that we have and in a similar model reach consumers. So that’s one is what will Netflix and Amazon be? Will it be mostly movies and a few scripted or will it be a broader offering? We represent now over the last seven years we’ve grown our reach here in the U.S. from about 5% of viewership on cable to almost 12%. And on any given night one of our channels is either number one or two network in America. On Tuesday nights we’re the number one network in America with Tyler Perry’s content on OWN. Later on Tuesday night, we’re the number one channel in America with 19 and counting where we get over a 3 rating in the demo on TLC. On Friday nights we’re the number one network on TV including the broadcasters with Gold Rush and they are in scripted series but lot of it well except in the case of Tyler where we have two very strong scripted series, but they’re thematic programs that have very strong viewership, very strong DVR and a lot of social. So when you look across our 14 networks, we have a lot of great content and so the question is how do we reach consumers and how do we get the value that we deserve for and I think overtime, we will get a substantial amount of value in that window. It may present itself with TV Everywhere is another app.Todd Juenger – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.: Okay, thanks. Fair enough. And Andy if you don’t mind just a quick one, as we think about program investment into ‘15, I just wonder given probably a little software revenue environment right now than you wish and you’re putting together budgets for next year. Are you thinking that you need to increase investment to recover ratings or that you need to maybe lighten up on investment a little to protect margins or something in between and where should we think about content investment for next year? Thanks.
David Zaslav: And for the near term. The subscriber growth in Russia is quite strong. So we’ll get the benefit of that and as Andy said next year, we’ll lose the benefit of the ad sales piece.Jessica Reif Cohen – BofA Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
David Zaslav: Great, thanks so much. About 70% of our revenue is from Discovery, TLC and Animal Planet but used to be 85 or 88. We’ve launched more channels in the last 4.5 years than all media companies combined here in the U.S. really because we believe if we deployed that capital then we could still grow audience. So ID is the number, is a top five network in America that didn’t exist a few years ago, it’s the number two network in daytime. Number two in late night and it’s still growing. OWN is the top network for African-Americans and a top network for women and still growing. Velocity is a great kind of niche network that we’re seeing substantial growth out of, we have AHC which we’re moving into aggressively in the history space and military space in a way that’s showing real growth in Destination America. So into that 5% growth of market share that we had that’s grown to almost 12 probably would have been 5 to 6.5 or 7 and so I think that strategy has really worked for us. And it raises two issues, one of the reasons I think we got a great opportunity with Rich is I think we can do a better job on our flagships of growing our audience and the last year or so it’s been relatively flat and so I think that we can, with the right creative leadership we could really drive that. The second is this environment where we’ve deployed all this capital to launch all these new channels, we’ve done it is because it’s been a healthy marketplace. And the ability to do that and continue to do that in the future, the whole Comcast consolidation in the industry raises some questions about the ability of independent program as we’re the largest independent programmer in America, to continue to invest in new channels and new niche content that can attract viewers.
David Zaslav: Sure. Ben on the tax one, I couldn’t be more happy and enthused about the progress that we’re making on our global tax structures and rate expectations. We do now see line of sight and first time we already given kind of a long-term perspective on our tax rates and so we definitely see below 30% for fiscal 2017. The question on the cash tax rate well 181 has had a big impact this year in a negative way by about a $150 million giving the timing of cash taxes relative to that ruling. As we look forward and we see roughly cash taxes being at or 1% below the effective tax rate as we look to maximize the value of deferred tax structures. So certainly our cash taxes will be kind of at or slightly below whatever effective tax rate once we work through this kind of 181 cycle. And so with regard to also regarding inversion like it doesn’t change our view on that, as we said before well inversion can make some sense, the key notion is inversion can make a very good deal of great, it can’t make a bad strategic deal good and so we’re taking the hard look, we’re very confident in our ability to still drive down our effective in cash tax rates given international structures and given our now ability to generate more and more content and tax advantage jurisdictions. So we don’t need inversion to get to a significant amount of tax rate reduction overtime.
David Zaslav: With regard to the kind of organic growth story around acquired assets, look for SBS clearly part of our thinking there was around the power ratio, around the ability to leverage that market positioning and grow our already established channels in that market we’re seeing that now I think for Eurosport it’s a very different notion, it’s much more about going from Pan European sale to a local sale I think we can definitely drive a lot more ad sales growth out of that asset across those different markets than we are seeing with SBS. It doesn’t mean we’re not happy with the SBS ad sales growth in fact 8% is clearly meaningfully higher than market and I think it reflects our power ratio that we’re going to be able to drive for the next many quarters but definitely thinking in terms of for Eurosport and maybe other acquisitions that we look at, there’s not only notion of the combination of market leverage but also the idea of leveraging our local infrastructure, leveraging our local ad sales team to drive much more localized ad sales growth.
David Zaslav: Absolutely fair. it just go back to this whole notion of our overall viewer market share is so much higher than our share of ad sales, the share of viewership versus share of wallet, we still have a long way to catch up and that’s really is driving right now our out performance. What are the advantages for us is that there was a real retraction across Western and Eastern Europe and over the last several years we’ve gone in hard and we also have a huge amount of content, quality content that we bring into the marketplace that works well when others have retreated with investment but the amount of quality content that we have in language that we can bring into the market is significant and so we see our share advantage continuing to grow and as our share advantage grows we get the advantage of that but we also pickup as our scale grows some power ratio advantage, so we’re pretty optimistic about Western and Eastern Europe.
David Zaslav: We’re talking to Nielsen behind the scenes, I think our job is to drive our channels and deal with the existing currency which is Nielsen. But when we look at actual setback data, we see a different story and we do think that Nielsen is quite antiquated and I gave an example on our last call that in Norway viewership was down almost double-digit and then they came with the new Q-tone measurement system where you wear a device and anytime you see something or show if it’s with commercials that whether you see at a bar whether you see it on your iPad, whether you see it at your guest home, whether you see it on your computer you get credit. And viewership in Norway is up mid-teens now in for the last couple of months. So there is clearly a viewership issue and the people are consuming content a little bit differently and they need to catch up. But we’ll work that behind the scenes and from our perspective we need to grow our share and we can’t look and say well it’s Nielsen. We’ve been able to grow our share every year and we continue to believe we can grow our share every year, we have the advantage that when we do grew that share. We take it outside the U.S. and get a multiple on that share so for us it’s a much more efficient investment. But we still believe in the U.S. and we just got a focus on telling more great stories and stronger quality content because when we deliver the big audiences come.
David Zaslav: Okay. Hi Anthony, on Russia look I mean just as a backdrop. The good news for us is we’re in almost 230 countries it’s almost like a mutual funded portfolio. And so there are a lot of markets that are performing much better than expected. And so in the aggregate we’re very pleased with the international business and we’re pleased with Eastern Europe. The issue we have on Russia is we’ve been there for a long time. And we’ve been able to get very substantial traction with our brands and our content and the world is changing there and it looks like it’s going to change for some time. So for the near-term we’re not going to be hurt too badly because the majority of our dollars comes from other subscriber fees. And those will continue to grow and we’ll get the advantage of that through the end of ‘16. And what you talked about takes effect at the end of ‘16 with this restructuring. One is we expect that probably will happen although its two years away and you never know. If it does happen there are many markets that we deal with their – we’re, there are foreign ownership restrictions on broadcasting cable. Usually they’re on broadcast but there are some markets that have them both. And the question then is do you have great brands have great content that people really want in the market. And in the countries where we have that we’ve been able to get a very meaningful stream of revenue as licensing revenue for our brand as licensing revenue for our content. And we’ve able to do work around whether ultimately we can do that in Russia it remains to seen we have I would say more powerful content and more volume in Russia than we have in lot of other markets because we’ve been there for so long. And when you wake up in Russia and you put on Discovery you put on science or you put on Animal Planet there are three of the top channels on pay TV there and they’re viewed as Russian channels. And so we’re optimistic that we can get some significant work arounds, but the question we’ll just have to see how it plays out. On scatter it’s very hard to tell I mean the – all of the feedback that we’re getting and I spend a fair amount of time on the last couple of weeks with Joe (inaudible) who run sales for us one of the best in the business. There is no question that the last month, the things have slowed, there is no question on the volume side there is no question that there is more scatter in the marketplace. And there is no question that advertisers are holding their wallets closer even on the movie side and kind of coming in in the late bursts. We really can’t say where it is, our sense is it’s good to be a little more cautious about how to deploy capital. But we have the holiday season coming up and we just kind – we may be surprised that it does very well and we may continue to be slow the way it is. We can’t really tell where it’s going right now.
Andrew Warren: Michael, we’re not providing any forecast in that right now. There is a lot of moving parts with the international ad sales. Well, pricing is good, there is a lot around volume right now. Lot more being brought closer to air and so for us, we had a strong delivery in October. But we’re not going to give any guidance yet in the fourth quarter as given how close right now bookings are to air time.
Andrew Warren: Sure Alexia. In the third quarter, if you looked at overall viewership for the summer on cable. It was down that’s coming back a little bit. We’ve seen this outside the U.S. I think it’s too early to call it a trend. There are a lot of markets where we’ve seen viewership come down and then come back up. So, certainly ratings and in our case, our ratings I think were lower than we expected had an impact. Pricing is fine, the scatter market I would say held up okay in the third quarter. in the last month or so we feel that it’s gotten a little bit softer so pricing is still I would say pretty steady maybe even good, but there is a lot more scatter out there not just from us but from everyone. And people are booking closer to time we’ve been booking on some of our networks for this past weekend we were booking on Thursday and Friday for the weekend. So normally we’d be able to give you a real good sense of where we would be through the end of the year here domestically, but the visibility is not what it’s been that doesn’t mean it’s going to be bad. But I would say for the first month there was some softness in terms of the volume. And whether that picks up in the next two months or not we’re going to have to see if we do our ratings are doing better, Discovery is doing better, we have some good premiers coming up, we have some strength on TLC with some series coming back strong. I think we’ll do fine, the question is will the scatter volume be there and we just don’t have that much visibility right now.Alexia Quadrani – JP Morgan Chase & Co: And thank you very much. And just a follow-up on your commentary about the – in the prepared remarks about the SVOD. Are you guys still in conversation I guess with other SVOD players for a domestic deal here and the Sony deal that you had highlighted and if there is any color if you can give us in terms of the potential financial impact of that in ‘15.
Andrew Warren: Okay. On Sony we were able to structure I think a very favorable deal for us and for them. I think it’s an innovative platform and I think they got good value and we felt that we got very good value so I think that worked that very well. On SVOD in general, here in the U.S., we continue to talk to Amazon, to Hulu, to Netflix, we think they are strong players in this marketplace, it’s an extra bite at the apple which provides incremental value and for us it’s been almost old drops to the bottom line. Overtime, I think we will get significant value. The question is whether we’ll get it directly from them or whether we’ll get it by pursuing it ourselves. I expect that right now it’s really just a value issue we could have done deals with all them but we felt that our content was more valuable.Alexia Quadrani – JP Morgan Chase & Co: Thank you very much.
Andrew Warren: Sure. If you look at what the last – for the last couple of quarters we’ve kind of increased our base content spend, call it mid-single-digits and so we came down from the kind of higher investment period of 2012 and 2013 and we’ve been much more at this kind of mid-single digit range. I would say that that’s very much our hypothesis for the next several in many quarters. I think it’s the right level of increase for us as we continue to expand our networks internationally and as we look to have and nurture new content domestically. I don’t see it being really any more than that, we don’t need to, to still generate our market share growth and so I think in terms of base content spend being mid-single-digits for the foreseeable future.Todd Juenger – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.: Got it. Thanks guys.
Andrew Warren: Sure. So just on the first question for the hub. It’s about $20 million to $25 million of top-line per quarter it’s what the hub has been driving, mostly around distribution versus ad sales and as you’ve said it really has been for the last many quarters largely a breakeven profit line as the cost for the hub is predominantly match the revenues. With regard to Russia. I guess it is less than 2% of our global revenues again predominantly distribution revenue versus ad sales for this year relative to our previous guidance. The reduction of our guidance has been predominantly driven by two things uncontrollable things. First of all, foreign exchange that we talked about unprecedented level of strengthening of the dollar of the last several weeks and that’s been about a $100 million impact on the top-line for the year relative to what we thought back in July and then Russia is about 20 million so those are two big impacts for sure. But again the key highlight with Russia is less than 2% of global revenues and predominantly distribution revenue.
Andrew Warren: And David your question regarding the look forward on international ad sales. We feel still extremely foolish and good about ability to outperform the market as our share of wallet continues to follow the share of viewership. I would think that the third quarter is kind of being a proxy what we see for the next kind of four or plus quarters. We had 12% growth and that was really driven by still sustained high-teen growth in Latin America, Central Eastern Europe, and Western Europe as again we continue to see great organic growth there and even some good pricing leverage as well. If you look at the Nordic region, we were able to deliver 8% growth in Nordic as the power ratio, the kind of new focus of that acquisition, we got the cost synergies done, now we’re moving on the revenue synergies. So we’re seeing really some outsize and some sustained growth out of Nordics, so I would think in terms of sustained double-digit going forward like you saw in the third quarter I would think in terms of still a very strong growth in our core growth regions and kind of in that 10, 11, 12, 13% growth is what we expect for the next many quarters.David Bank – RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay thank you very much for that.
Andrew Warren: And the question on the cost and more versus cash. We still have as you saw in the third quarter a few point disparity with expense being higher than cash really driven by two reasons, one there is still bit of a catch up based on the prior year level of increased investment. But also the fact that they we do have more a live events we have more 10 events that have a shorter and more window. So as I kept this from significant in the last several years and it used to be kind of a key level of expense growth now we’re down to kind of high single-digits. I do think it will be still probably a year plus until we really have parity between kind of the mid-single digit cash growth and mid-single digit (inaudible) growth. There is going to be a bit of a mismatch based on the two factors I mentioned.Anthony DiClemente – Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: That’s helpful. Thank you.
Andrew Warren: Yeah, thanks Kannan. Look we continue to examine from our perspective that transaction and we have some concerns we’re looking at it closely. Everyone should be concerned. We’ve seen similar market dynamics before we’re in 230 countries. In countries where there is a dominant ops and e-power. It creates real challenges for consumer and in many cases in almost all cases there is a retraction of consumer of investment and content. And so it’s – you look at Comcast there in 17 of the top 20 markets, they pass 70% of broadband in America with probably the best speed and it raises real issues that all of us are looking at in the business. I think that’s why in terms of the timing, things are getting pushed out and I think rightfully so. The Justice Department and FCC are now talking looking at this very, very carefully, we’re now looking at probably early summer. There is real issues that just raises. And our deal comes up next year as David [Kone] mentioned. And that we always deal with our distributors in the normal course. Our deal is up in less than a year with them and we’ll see how it goes. We have issues and I think all the content players in the industry as well as the broadband players should be looking at this very carefully.
