Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yeah. So, maybe just a couple of points to add. On the cash flow question for sports, it's going to be a mix so far. Most of the events have been postponed rather than canceled. So, you should expect not only P&L, but also the cash profile to be adjusting accordingly. And we will keep an eye on this as we go through the rest of the year.  Regarding the Olympics, we will have two events much closer together, which should be a positive. We also have a little more time to get to prepare and to prepare the ad market to go to market with bundled packages. So, those would be a positive. But bottom line is it's a little early to sort of start about a very specific guidance. But right now, I wouldn't see a material change versus what we had guided for this year.  And then, regarding the cancellations, you're right, the upfront opt-in cancellation period has started. It's way too early to have a view. And as I said a couple of minutes ago, we will make sure that we work in partnership with our colleagues here and work through this together. 
Gunnar Wiedenfels: David, let me add one more point reflecting, Michael, on your question and, John, your question as well, both for M&A and buybacks. You heard me say earlier that we're in a very constructive dialogue with rating agencies. And you said – no, we're continuing to honor our investment grade rating. It's a big priority for us. And that's the backdrop against which you should take all these answers regarding whatever M&A, buybacks, et cetera.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Let me maybe add to the Nordics question. We're seeing dynamic growth on our Dplay platform.  Regarding the traditional affiliate deals, you mentioned sort of – having lost deals, we've actually gone dark with one traditional affiliate in Denmark and we're seeing very dynamic growth on our Dplay offering in that market more so than – or above the already dynamic growth in other markets.  And beyond that, we're also very excited about sort of new types of partnership deals with the likes of Telia, Telenor, where we're engaging in broader partnership deals, both on the traditional side as well as in the wholesale B2C relationship for our direct-to-consumer products, which I think is going to be a very fruitful partnership mark.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Doug, then on the OpEx side, I want to answer this on a couple of levels. Number one is we're still enjoying significant impact from the transformation of our company. We had a full toolbox here of initiatives that we're still in full swing as we came into the year and we continue to deliver those. And some of the longer cycle cost improvements where we had to put systems in place, et cetera, we're also enjoying the fact that some of those investments are coming down, but we're reaping the benefits now. So, a lot of this is going to be lasting impact.  Now, obviously, there is timing stuff. If you look at T&E, for example, you wouldn't expect us to spend a lot here. So, obviously, that is going to be fired up again once the global economy opens again, and that's explaining some of the variability.  There's also variability, obviously, as previously pointed out in the direct-to-consumer space where we have a lot of subscriber acquisition costs that are variable, but also the pace at which we're hiring, as you would imagine, we're going little slower on hiring right now. So, all those expense buckets are going to start to ramp up.  And then finally, there's content where obviously it's a function of the ecosystem's ability to produce and deliver content and the mix of sort of the in-home content that we've talked about versus, let's call it, traditional production.  So, it's going to be a mix and that that's why we gave that range. Some of the expenses are going to come up when the economy opens again. Others are not. But I just want to reiterate the point, we had a large range of transformation initiatives going into this year. And as you would expect, we're also learning right now and there is additional ideas coming through and going through – in the pipe here right now. Honestly, this company is functioning very well in this environment and there are a lot of learnings for us in a future process setup.
David Zaslav: Sure. Well, look, I think the advantage to us right now is that people are spending a lot more time with our channels. Our share is up really significantly everywhere in the world. And it's two months here. It's longer than that in a number of areas in Europe and Asia. And behaviorally, people are spending a lot more time with our characters and our channels. And we think that that's a huge benefit to us on this existing platform because there's a real habit here. And as well, we're seeing it in a meaningful way on GO. We're not able to fully monetize all the share, obviously, domestically and around the world. But we view this really as an important moment for us because, as a company, our focus is to entertain and, when we're at our best, to inspire. We have a great, great creative team that's doing all kinds of content from home. We're learning a ton. And it's resonating with distributors. They've come to us and said, could we add DIY? Many of them to all of our subscribers. Can we add cooking to all of our subscribers? Do you have a lot of other channels that are very strong, your Hispanic channels, can we add them? This is going on in Latin America, in Europe, in the US. And they're getting very good feedback and the viewership is increasing significantly.  And so, I think the viewership we're getting in the average age on GO of 26, the viewership we're getting for all of these channels and all of our characters around the world reinforces how valuable what we have is and it also – as these distributors take a look in the US, there's going to be, I believe, more and more pressure on them because it's just becoming abundantly clear.  And after two months, people have been enjoying cable for two months. So, it raises two questions. What am I paying all that money for sports for? But also, this is a great product. I'm spending a lot more time and I'm really, really enjoying it. So, what we should have in the US is what everyone else has, which is a bundle of content that doesn't have sports that would be very affordable. And we would likely see a very quick turnaround in this issue of subscriber loss because we're saying take it for $80, take it for $100 or don't take it at all. And even services like Philo are seeing – which we're an investor in is seeing big, big uptake in this idea, and they don't even have the broadcasters. and  And so, I'm hoping that you follow the behavior, you follow the need in the marketplace, and you follow what's equitable and fair. And ultimately, it might put pressure on some of these big sports players that are bundling and forcing and leveraging and jamming, to say, even in this moment, all right, enough, go ahead and – I'll give you more flexibility to give America what they want, a chance to buy a multichannel and broadcast package without stuffed sports
David Zaslav: We have been building. We have a very strong team. We have over 150 people and engineers working. We have slowed down a little bit because we can't hire new. But we're on track with our platforms. All of the problems we have outside the US are working exceptionally well. They're ours. And the platform that we're working on here in the US, to give us full optionality to go right to the market, is doing very well. And so, I think you'll hear more from us. But I think our IP looks stronger.  And more and more, a lot of these other platforms that don't have a lot of content are seeing how much people are spending time with us and they're talking to us about whether our content would be available to them. And right now, we think our aggregate content is most valuable for us and for us to be able to continue to look at going to non-cable subs ourselves. 
David Zaslav: I would just recommend that you all go to Fire. We're on the front page. We're getting equal billing with Hulu and some of the other big great platforms. And there are some days where they put us on – basically take over most of the page. And so, they're a great partner. They love the product. And we're rolling together. 
David Zaslav: Sure. On the sports side, we don't have anything in our existing deals. When you look at our aggregate package that people are paying for in Europe, what we're delivering to customers is meaningfully higher than it was before. Ratings are down significantly on Eurosport and we'll be very excited when the sports comes back. But, no, there's nothing in those agreements.  But, again, the sub people, whatever it's worth, is relatively small. It's very different than here in the US. It's not in the dollars or almost $10 range. It's much smaller. And so, distributors tend to look at our overall delivery and they're seeing that we're the top performer or one of the top performers in every market in terms of what we're delivering on a multichannel basis.  On M&A, all I would say is that, it took us a very short time to absorb Scripps. Ken Lowe built a great, great company with a great culture and we've integrated it fully. We're really – this is the best of what Ken built and the best of what we built. We have a great leadership team that's fully integrated. We view it as really the best of both companies and it's presented that way. We're grateful for the great comfort channels that are now part of our portfolio here and around the world. It's been a huge help to us. We're so proud of those brands and all of that great talent that was added. And that deal worked out really well, as you know. We added over $1 billion of free cash flow and we did it in 18 months. And we went from 4.8 times to 3 times levered to below 3.5 times levered. And so, I think what we show to our board and to ourselves is that this is what we do, and we do it well.  Having said that, that was a really good transaction for us, not just because of synergy, but it was – we really bought IT. And we bought something that, with great characters, that added to our overall bouquet.  We believe that there're some good stuff out there and great companies that might not be in the same kind of free cash flow position with the same kind of balance sheet as us. So, we are looking at everything. We have a great hand right now. But I do think depending on how this goes over the next several months, there'll be some companies that have great IT or great assets that are facing some difficulty. And many of them – some of them have already come to us and said, 'hey, we look a lot better with you; you have all that free cash flow. Instead of having to cut all this and try to figure out if we could survive.' And no other company has – we have 10 to 12 channels in every country in the world. So, we have synergy in every country. We have an ability to promote. Those channels are promotion in every country.  And so, we're going to be very careful and deliberate. We've got a great board that's good at this. We have Bob Miron and the Newhouse family that are focused on quality and spending money on content and owing content globally. And we have John Malone, who is fully engaged in looking at our balance sheet and looking at our overall strategic assets around the world and seeing what would make us stronger. And so, I think this is a really unique moment where we could lean into. We've got a great board and we have a great leadership team and we have a great balance sheet. So, we'll be patient. And if you see us do something, it'll be because we think it's going to help us grow faster in this new and changing world.
David Zaslav: Well, there is a divide in the market. And you'd expect that. It's such an unusual disrupted moment. But there's a number of – we're talking all of the big players and they're going to ultimately make the decision for their advertising clients. I'd say more than 60% to 70% of them are saying or more than 50% are saying, 'hey we're going to do a regular upfront.' And a number of them saying maybe we shouldn't do a regular upfront. Maybe we should go later and see what happens and move later. We're open for business. We have fresh content when others don't.  And one of the things that we're seeing is the live and engaged viewership on our channels have never been higher. And when the advertisers are putting on content that's in the moment that recognizes what's going on in the world, the viewership of those commercials are up dramatically. People are watching the commercials when they're talking about, 'this is a tough moment in America and here's what we're doing.' People are watching it.  And so, we're open for business. Those that want to move in the traditional window, we'll move with them. Those that want to move later, we'll move with them. And it's not for us to decide who's going to do better. It may be that the ones that moved early do a lot better and maybe the ones that moved later do better, but we're open for business.  And in the meantime, we're reducing our – to the extent that we're not sold, we're reducing the amount of inventory that we're selling and we're finding that that also was helping our ratings. And that's something we need to do as an industry anyway.
David Zaslav: The only other thing I would say is that there was a lot of talk – we even changed over the last several years, so that more than 80% of our value was against our top 8 channels. But all of our channels were renewed. Right now – and we got additional carriage for some of our channels in the renewals, in some cases meaningful additional carriage. And after Fox News launched, the next channel that launched was OWN, which became the number one channel for African-American women. That was us launching new assets with new IP that we can take around the world. Then ID, which became the number one channel or number two channel for women in all day, which was our second asset.  And we think, now looking at DIY and the ratings and the fact that it's in more homes and what Chip and Joanna Gaines have been able to do and the reception for the great content that they created, not even just what they're doing themselves, but their curation and taste, that we have a chance to launch another good asset, really good asset that advertisers love, both on cable and in digital. So, we're very pleased with.  The negative is that, look, we're cheaper than one regional sports network. So, in some ways, we're providing all this value with all of these characters and we are the new sports, our key networks. But on the other hand, we're very inexpensive. And I think the power of our channels is much more now as they take a look – as operators take a look, distributors, how much time are people spending with Food and HG. They're watching it all – the length of view is higher than almost any channel on cable.  And so, I think the good news is that we're able to do good deals. The issue is that we're not getting paid close to what we deserve, a fraction of what we deserve, for what we're delivering, but we're going to keep working on it.
David Zaslav: Sure. Kathleen Finch is just a great creative executive. Nancy Daniels. We have creative leaders at each of our channels and we have go-to talent that are authentic. They love to cook. Mike Rowe, I've been on the phone with him three times in the last week with ideas of what he could do and the excitement of shooting before the catch from his couch. So, we have a fully engaged creative team.  And as Gunnar said, over 50 projects, 350 hours. And one of the things that we're – this idea of we're best when we're closest to real, if you script it, the talent on there, they can come out and people know them. But the idea that we could get Guy Fieri even close to live and maybe even eventually live from his kitchen, from his barbecue and we have found that the audience will go with us. And in some cases, they love it. 'Oh, look at that, look at Guy. His son is shooting it. I wonder what his son looks like. Look at his living room. Look at his kitchen. Guy, what's that book behind you there? Did you get any recipes from that? And so, we're seeing big social energy around it. Our talent is getting stronger.  So, we already had a short cycle, but now we're finding that we can produce all this content and it's dramatically cheaper. And in many cases, it feels more authentic. And the audience loves it. And so, we're just leaning into it. Kathleen and Nancy and the whole team, Courtney White and Jane Latman. Jane runs HG and Courtney runs Food. We're on the phone with them every day. They're just super excited, and so is the whole creative team that they could do this. And so, I think you're going to see a robust slate of content from us that will continue. There'll be others that'll be idle. We won't be idle. Our issue is going to be where is the advertising market. I think there's no question, every week our ratings go up. Every week, people are spending more time with our portfolio and they're enjoying it more.  And so, the question for us simply is that we're dramatically under-monetizing it right now, which is okay, but we're also learning that, with less commercials, we're actually finding that we're doing better. So, I think the slate is going to be a huge advantage for us and our characters and their engagement is a huge advantage.  On Dplay, I think we have the right strategy. Local sports, local entertainment. And large library of local entertainment that you grow up on. It's compelling and it's understandable. So, okay, I got Disney+, great product. I have Netflix, great product. I've got Amazon Prime, great product. But almost all of them are very little amount of local. Whereas we're local local. And people get it and it's growing and we're leaning into it.  In some cases, we've decided to lean harder, and that's what you see with what we did in Denmark because it's a market that has been accelerating with direct to consumer. They have a huge penetration of broadband, high speed, and so we're leaning into it. And JB and his team are doing a great job with it. And we think the strategy is starting to break through. It's going to take more time, but this moment is putting a lot more attention on all the direct to consumer products in a good way.
David Zaslav: Okay. Thank you so much. One point that I wanted to just add to the answer to John is, look, on golf, on the Eurosport Player, on cycling, we don't have sports, it's dropped off significantly as you would expect. And our free funnel is fine. We have people are coming in and they're reading from Golf Digest and they're seeing some short form content, but the fact that we don't have live sports is having a meaningful impact on those businesses, as you'd expect. And we think when they come back, it'll kick in.  In terms of traditional production, there're some that have come back a little bit in Asia, but it's mostly shutdown. We have a lot of content that was shot that we're working on. We have content in our library. We're shooting new. But the ability to actually – we're not pushing for anyone to get out.  We had this moment after we closed down where we had a number of cases – we have over 10,000 employees and it was tough. Those were 14 of maybe the toughest days for me in my life. Is everyone okay that has this? We had a number of employees that were struggling. And you feel it. You feel it because they got sick coming to work. And so, we're not in any rush to push any because we're working remotely so effectively. We look good. We haven't missed a beat. We've learned a ton, but we don't want to push anybody into the field. We don't want to have that feeling again. We had a call every morning on this virus, who has it, who's been tested, what's going on, who did they come in contact with. Really an extraordinary effort led by Adria Alpert Romm and David Leavy. It was every day. And so, we're not in any rush to get back to those calls because we couldn't breathe. And thank God all of our employees are safe and they've gotten through it. Not so for a lot of employees' families where there have been challenges which everybody is facing, but we're in no rush.  I will say this that it's bringing this company together. When I joined Discovery, for one year, we had a call every morning at 7 o'clock. Every morning. And it energized the company. We're all talking on one page. And we have a call every day, every morning now, every single morning. And if we're all together, what are we doing today? It started out with what's going on with the virus and now it's, where are we winning, how do we press on that, how do we do this differently, how do we get less people in the office. And we've learned a lot. We used to have 14 people in a control room. Now, we're doing it with one.  So, there's going to be very significant change in business when we come out of this, I think for the good, in terms of what we've learned, including how we shoot content and how we pay for it.
David Zaslav: Okay. Why don't I start and then I'll pass it to Gunnar? We don't have limitations, but we also have a hell of a business with our existing distributors. And I've been in this business for 30 years. And a lot of those distributors are my best friends. And we've done very well by supporting each other and working together. That's what we're doing with GO, with our authenticated product. And there's 30 million broadband-only subscribers. And so, whether it's Pat Esser at Cox or whether it's Dave Watson at Comcast or whether it's Tom Rutledge at Charter, they're in the broadband business. There is 30 million people that are broadband only.  And so, we are in discussions with all of them about the fact that we have this great package of content. If you take a look at the front screen for Disney, you see Pixar and you see Marvel and you see Disney films and people look at that and go, oh, I love that stuff. And then imagine, they open up and they see HG and Food and Oprah and Discovery and BBC Planet Earth and then behind each of those circles is all the great talent that we have, and we've done a lot of research, and people look at that and they go, wow, those are my six favorite channels, or four of my favorite channels and those are my favorite characters.  So, we all agree in talking to – everyone agrees there's a lot of value there. And so, I think you'll see, over the next year or so, our goal is going to be to do something with the distributors because they have direct access to those 30 million and they have enormously helped Netflix by promoting Netflix and by billing for Netflix and the churn for Netflix and any product goes down when an existing distributor that's billing bills for it and they have a good relationship with all those broadband subscribers because they're providing an incredible service.  And so, I think it'll start with that and it has started with that. And so, I think when you see us move, you'll probably see us move broadly, but also in tandem in a way that creates value for both of us, which is what we've been talking about and I think what a number of the distributors that we're talking to feel good about and encouraged that instead of just doing our own thing, we're in talking to them about doing some things together.
David Zaslav: I think it's simple. They're charging an awful lot of money. You can get a package of multi-channel television for $10 or $20, sometimes less than $10 everywhere in the world. And if you took sports out, we could do that very easily. And so, I think they're saddled with regional sports networks, saddled with overstuffed re-trends and sports channels, and that's an issue in general.  When you look at that price now and you're not getting any sports, I'm not surprised. We're not seeing that outside the US. The sub levels are up around the world. So, people are spending more time. They're obviously spending a lot more time with our content.  I think there should be a rationalization of the market. And some of the stuff should just get puked out. Enough. And I think, particularly in a moment where we're in a recession and people are really watching every dollar, and you put up a TV set and people waiting in lines to get things, and yet add up what they're paying for sports that they're not getting. And then, you wonder why aren't more people waiting in line for that? It makes no sense. You've got to puke out that stuff and you've got to go to the players in the marketplace that are stuffing that in and saying not now. Back off. Not now.  The thing that's good for us is we're in every single packages, all of them. And one of the things that I think will help us is these things are going to fluctuate. Everyone hasn't reported yet. We'll see how Charlie does. I think in the long run, we don't know how long this is going to last. We're seeing real growth with some of the smaller package players as I mentioned. So, we'll see…
David Zaslav: Look, ultimately, the distributors are very, very smart and their job is to serve their existing customers and to keep the customers happy. So, I've always said, eventually, this will get rationalized. But, ultimately – it's way too soon to draw a conclusion. There have been quarters where it looks like we're not losing subs anymore in the US. Then there's quarters where it looks like, oh, no, we're losing a lot of subs. And in the end, we'll see where it ends up. I believe that if we could offer some cheaper packages, we'll do extremely well. But I don't see anything in the marketplace that makes me feel like, well – so we'll see what happens.
