David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Jessica. Why don't I start out with domestic affiliate. We've said that we're done with our deals for a period of time. We got through a cycle very effectively with high single digit increases over the term of those deals. What we're seeing is we're getting hit by the 3% decline. We are on Sony and DIRECTV. And we're not on those other skinny bundles, meaning Hulu and YouTube. And so we're continuing to talk to them and work on that. And we're focused very hard on the fact that the U.S. is the only market that doesn't have a bundle without sport. And we're having some constructive discussions with distributors and some constructive discussions with other programmers. And over-the-top provides a significant opportunity to attack that. We see a meaningful market for that everywhere else in the world. And there is a macro argument that most markets around the world are fairly stable; some are growing. But having the U.S. be the only market with very expensive all sports and re-trans packaging is what's causing this 3% decline. And without that, we might be looking like most of the other markets, where younger people or entry-level have a chance to get into the market, and we might be seeing flat to even up 1%. I think eventually we'll get there. We're at the front of the pack driving that. And when we get the Scripps deal done, I think we'll have most of the really high-quality, superfan channels. And in fact, if you look at the surveys, Discovery, HGTV, ID, Food, are four of the top services that people want for over-the-top. And in many cases, they're ahead of broadcast networks. So we think we're well-positioned on our content and IP. And we're being a little disadvantaged, I think, in the marketplace by not being on those platforms. We've heard it from you, and we're continuing to drive that.
David M. Zaslav: Yeah. So you'll see the sports IP relatively steady. And it'll be a little bit bumpy because of the Olympics coming in and out. But Gunnar has made an important point. We are investing for the long-term. And we're very IP long. I mean, if you look back at that moment when John Malone was running Stars, he made the decision to not just buy movie rights for Stars, but he bought it for all platforms. And at the time he said to me, he thinks those other platforms, at some point, will be worth more in value then Stars itself. And he turned out to be right. The other premium providers bought rights just for those channels. That is our core strategy as a company. We own almost all of our IP everywhere in the world on all platforms. In sport, we own all of our sports in Europe on all platforms. So we haven't, at this point, fully monetized that IP. But if gets sold to Deutsche Telekom or Vodafone or BT, if some of it gets sold exclusively to some distributors as we've done with Bolloré and Drahi in France, all of that is upside, because we own all that IP. We have the optionality of doing deals with Amazon or Apple or Facebook or Google. And so that's why we love Scripps so much, because we own all that IP, it hasn't been used globally, and it fits along with our superfan IP global strategy. And so we feel good about it, but we also recognize that we could be dropping a lot more money to EBITDA if we weren't investing in IP or if we were just buying linear rights. So when you hear other companies announce that they're going to go direct-to-consumer, if you hear us announce it, we have the right to do anything we want with any of our content. And I think that we believe that that can be really compelling and will create long-term value and addresses the terminal value issue because we believe that our content long-term is going to work on mobile, it's going to work for Apple, it's going to work for Facebook, and it's going to work for the mobile guys and it'll de-commoditize all of them as they're looking for IP.
David M. Zaslav: And as Gunnar said on Eurosport, which I think is an important point, is right now it looks like we could find value in two baskets. Last year was a record year for Eurosport with ratings. And Eurosport ratings right now are up 20% over that, at the same time that we're taking that IP direct-to-consumer. And we have a right to take any of that IP. So if we talk to someone who wants a certain kind of IP, more on the Player, we can just make the decision to take it off Eurosport, deliver it to the player and then promote on Eurosport that you can get that match or that game on the player.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Steven. At this point, what we're trying to do is figure out where the soccer ball is going to go. And so we're trying to both build our core company, which is very stable and still providing real growth with the global footprints that we have, more channels in more countries, with core niche content that people love. But then we're really starting to get some momentum in this idea of, at least our strategy of where we think that ball is going to be. And that is owning IP, and being in a position that you can sell that IP in different windows to different distributors. In the case of the big four, we've never seen, in my 30 years in this business, distribution platforms like Facebook has with 2 billion, like Amazon and Google and Apple. So we're talking to all of them. We have deals already with Amazon in the UK, Germany and Austria. They're quite creative. In those markets we're going direct-to-consumer with Discovery for 4.99. We're selling Eurosport on Amazon. Amazon is selling our Player in Germany. We think the ball's going to go to the place that if you look back three years ago, those were platforms. Today, they're all in the game for IP. And so, AT&T can go out and buy Time Warner. That makes a lot of sense in a market like the U.S. that's 350 million people. And that's probably going to be a very effective transaction for Randall. But as you go across Europe and you go across Latin America or Asia, and you're a distributor, if you're Polsat in Poland or if you're Canal+ in France, at that point, it really is not going to make sense to go out and buy a big media company. So you're going to go to media companies and say, what IP do you have? And so we think that if Apple wanted to do a deal with one person and offer a family pack everywhere in the world, or if Facebook wanted to do that or Amazon, or if the mobile players wanted to do it in Europe, who could they go to? There's very few companies. It's maybe less than three. And we have brands that we've been working on in those countries for 20 to 30 years and we have massive amount of content and we think that Scripps will add to that and renew that and rejuvenate it. And as we've said, we see Scripps as a beginning. Within two years we'll be less than 3.5 times levered, and then we'll be looking for what other IP do we have. How to we accelerate direct-to-consumer? How do we accelerate our overall market share? And so we think we're trying to be where the ball is and we see those big distributors looking more and more for the ball. And the ball for them is content.
David M. Zaslav: And doing a deal with Snap across Europe, we think will bring in a younger demo. And with Facebook, we already have a very extensive partnership. With Group Nine, we're one of the leading providers of short-form, and when they launched mid-form, we were one of the leading providers of mid-form. And so I think staying close to those companies, figuring out what they need and catering our superfan baskets, both in terms of type of content and mid-form, short-form, long-form. We've come a long way from two years ago. We have a full menu now.
David M. Zaslav: Sure. Well, the U.S. is the only market that has retransmission consent. So we'll start out that broadcasting is truly free in every other market. Here now, the broadcasters are charging $2 or $3 a month, which is quite good for them, but it's not so good for the consumers, and it's not so good for the distributors who have to eat that additional cost, and it becomes a level of entry. It's also the only market where, because the sports channels grew up in this market and use their leverage to require full carriage of all of their sports channels, together with the fact that most sports channels are owned by the re-trans broadcast companies, you have a combustible combination. And so if you want to get the broadcast network, if you want to get the regional sports – and this is the only country that really has an extensive regional sports network structure. So between regional sports networks, big sports networks and re-trans, which is driven mostly by sports, sports has been effectively hyperextended here to the point of are you serious. And so that's the marketplace that the consumers are dealing with. And it's one of the reasons why we believe that the market is down 3%, because the cost of entry, 65% of the entry level market in Mexico is the skinny bundle and you're in for $15. In Brazil, 90% of the growth in the last four years has been the skinny bundle. And then, in every other market, you could then get your sports to your ticket. And so I think it's that combination. Look, one of the reasons we went to Eurosport was because it's very early stage in Europe, it hasn't been done before, and we said that's a pretty compelling concept of being able to use sports to drive subscriber costs and get subscriber fees going. And it has done that for us. It's obviously on a scale that's much lower. But I don't think it's sustainable. I don't think it's sustainable really because the ecosystem is getting much creakier here, not because the ecosystem is creaky around the world. It's strong enough with people wanting to buy content and get packages of content, to be more in the stable environment, which is what we see everywhere else. Here, there's just not an entry level package. The good news is in almost every case, what consumers want eventually collapses against what larger companies leverage into the market. And what you're starting to see now is distributors saying, well, wait a minute. We're losing subscribers. Maybe we should do a skinny bundle. And we're lucky to have over-the-top at this point because most of those providers that are packaging in all of that extra stuff have agreements that require all that stuff to be carried, but those agreements do not extend to over-the-top. And so you're likely to see the breakup in over-the-top and then it'll accelerate back as consumers start to buy broadband and an over-the-top service without sport. And then the distributors will be forced to take the hit, the big sports guys, we will be forced to take the hit in the next round. And so I think it's not likely to change on linear, except marginally. There's requirements for carriage and some of the sport services have lower requirements so you might see some skinny bundles on linear, but they'll be more limited. The bigger attack, I think, for consumers that'll be quite effective for consumers and – right now if you have broadband, the only real choice in America is Netflix. And then you can get your Amazon. And that's really silly. If there's 40 million broadband-only subscribers and they go to college and they want to buy something, they buy Netflix. Why do they buy Netflix? Because they don't have anything – there's not anything meaningful that we're offering them in the market. And so I think that we're working to remediate that and so are some others and I think it will happen. It's going to take some time.
David M. Zaslav: The other side of our strategy of investing more in IP and owning more windows is we are quite strategically selective about how we monetize it. We could be doing a broad package to some of those SVOD providers, and you could see a very different result this year and next year. But we've opted not to do that, and we're holding onto it. We think it could be much more compelling in our own offering or much more compelling to do something with an existing player and us in an offering. And we view it as building terminal value.
David M. Zaslav: Great, thanks. The scatter market, the volume is good. The pricing is above upfront, but slightly below what pricing was on scatter last year. So we could use a little bit more of a push on pricing. We don't have a make-good issue in any meaningful way. And in fact, the fact that TLC is up, I mean, it was the number 12 network for women. It's now the number six network; it's up 15%, has helped us. ID continues to grow and Discovery has really stabilized. The upfront was quite good for us. We did well and we sold a little deeper than we normally would. We got a little bit of a strategic sense that there might be some of the scatter market money moving to the upfront, and so we took a little bit more of what we thought was good money to hedge our risk that if – at this point, volume is up, but if volume next year drops a little bit, we thought it made sense to take a little more dollars. So it was quite good for us.
David M. Zaslav: No. It's actually, I think you could just say it's shaving. It's basically somebody that would be paying $130 for cable. It's saying for those extra 30 channels, I'll save the extra $14. It's not being tiered. It's just somebody looking at the very high price of that and broadband being expensive and saying, do I absolutely need that.
David M. Zaslav: I don't want to speak to this specific. I think Sling is an effective platform. I think Charlie's attacking the very issue that I talked about earlier. And I think he's one of the people that's being innovative along with almost every other distributor that's looking at an industry in secular decline and asking themself the question, have I agreed to do two agreements that are restricting my ability to serve customers, and am I driving customers to Netflix or driving customers away from my platform? And for us, I think, eventually, we'll probably be on those platforms, because as I've said that, if you look at all the recent studies, at the very top of the list, we have six channels that are either equal to broadcast or just behind it or ahead. And the cost of all of our content is significantly less than one retrans channel. And so I think we have a great value to consumer argument. I think getting more aggregation, when we close Scripps, gives us even more quality viewers and more versatility and optionality. And over time, we would like to be on every platform. And I think we got a good shot at it if we keep doing a good job programming our channels.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Okay. And Jessica, on the International content expenses and sports specifically. As you know, we haven't given any specific long-term guidance. I think a couple of points are safe to say. Number one, we will continue to be focused on making investments into IP; that's the core of our business, and will continue to be a priority for our capital allocation. On sports, specifically, as you know, we have made some significant investments, and we feel that we're in a very good position now with the Olympics deal and several other premium sports rights that we have secured for Europe. So we're in a very, very good position there. For the financial outlook, clearly, 2018 is going to be the first year with an impact from the Olympics deal. And I've said before that there's going to be an impact both on top line and on the expense line, about $140 million from rights plus additional production cost. And you can assume sort of a very marginal impact on profits for 2018. And I mean, all that being said, if you look at the developments of our cost of sales line internationally, then the majority of the increase is driven by those sports rights and we've been managing content expenses outside of sports pretty much at a very low single digit increase.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And Jessica, on the Player, as David said in his speech, we're seeing some very encouraging progress on the subscriber base. Clearly the theme is the Bundesliga exploitation. The season launched in back end of August, and we're seeing a very healthy uptake. We've also switched our technical platform to the BAMTech platform across the whole footprint, more than 60 markets, and that went very well, with some small hiccups that are usual in these type of launches. So we're very happy there. In terms of the monetization, keep in mind that we're ramping up the subscriber base. So we will see more of an impact going forward. And there's two aspects to this. Number one is I really do think that with this premium right, we have really repositioned the Eurosport brand, especially in the German market, but across Europe. There's a positive pollination effect between the Player and the linear feeds. We're seeing ratings up on the linear Eurosport network as well. So that is all working very well. And then finally, it's a very good learning for us, because we now have some premium rights with a lot of demand on the platform. And we're expecting a lot of very valuable learnings as we come up on the Olympics next year. So I think that's all going very well.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Okay. On the Eurosport question, I mean, as we have said multiple times, we're going to make sure that these games are the most digitally accessible games ever. We will be making available every event on a wide range of platforms. And obviously, that does put us in a position to also deliver an audience across these multiple platforms. And one of the big benefits is that we will have people signing up for the Player so we will have the personal identifiable information which, especially in Europe, is a very big advantage because there's a lot more strict data protection rules over there. So we really see this Olympics event as a sort of kickstarter or a booster for our ability to deliver targeted advertising and data-driven products into the audience. Clearly, for any specific numbers, of course it's too early right now.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Okay, on domestic affiliate revenue, let me give you some more color. So the Q3 numbers, as you see, are very well in line with the guidance that we've given for the full year of mid single digit. And as you heard, I also reiterated that guidance for the full year. So that's still the best estimate that we have. In terms of those content licensing revenues, you know that we do not single out individual contributions to the distribution line. As we have said previously, those content licensing deals are small in the greater scheme of things, but as I said, we have seen a bit more often impact in the third quarter. That's why we pointed it out specifically. In terms of who we're selling to, you will find some of ours stuff on Hulu. And we also do very selective deals with Netflix. So for example in the case of a miniseries where we might get a lot of value from Netflix, we're fine to engage in a deal like that. But again, that's always going to be a very careful decision that we're making. And as the landscape evolves, this type of deal is just going to be a more common part of our distribution strategy of monetization. So as we said previously, we will see more of these SVOD revenues come through. And by nature, they are slightly more lumpy than the very simple subscriber number times ARPU kind of business and the very traditional linear distribution. But again, I mean it's a small component and the way to think about it from a sort of linear perspective, again, as we have said previously, in the last cycle we were able to secure high single-digit CAGRs on the pricing side for our deals. And that's still valid and then obviously, our subscriber loss numbers work against this.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And then on D&I affiliate, as I said during my speech, so we've seen a 9% underlying growth in the third quarter. And we also guide for slightly below 10% for the full year. If you look at the individual contributions to that growth, we continue to see healthy double digit growth in Europe with a lot of success on the sports side. What has not come through as we had hoped it would is recovery in Latin America. We had planned for a bit of positive support there in the second half, which just hasn't happened yet and we're not anticipating that anymore in our planning. And we've also had a slight negative headwind in Asia with a few renewals recently. So now the outlook is just below that 10% guidance that we had given previously. And then there's also been a bit of an impact from the natural disasters that we've seen and that's why we just wanted to be slightly more conservative as we look forward now.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And Alexia, as I said, going into the fourth quarter, we see similar low single digit growth for the U.S. ad number for us.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: I think generically yes, and we've already been doing that. We did it in our deals where the overwhelming majority of economics in our deals are to our big six networks. There's some exceptions. We have Velocity, and Velocity is a very compelling superfan network. We did something quite creative. We put the channel together with the direct-to-consumer business, together with the 30 titles of magazine titles. We didn't actually buy the magazine business, but all the editorial, the pictures, all the short-form content that was being generated around cars, and all the IP that we have on Velocity, the library, the car content as well as the live auctions is all in this new basket that we call Motor Trend OnDemand. And so you'd see that at the top and below would be Velocity, this cable channel that's in 60 million homes that's quite profitable that has real superfans. And we can move that IP now between that and Motor Trend OnDemand. And then we have all of these great writers, and we have all of this short-form video and these terrific 30 brands that we get to use as well as lists that go along with the magazines to drive this direct-to-consumer business that we start with about 100,000, little less than 100,000 subscribers paying $5 a month. So it's an experiment. What happens when you take a huge auto library together with a dominant position in auto, live auto auctions together with 30 titles of auto enthusiast material, together with editorial in short-form? We were enthusiastic about the fact they have almost 100,000 subscribers without any long-form content and any real promotion and any live auctions. And so this is part of our strategy of building a direct-to-consumer business as a side-by-side. On the other hand, we have some smaller channels that don't have as big of an audience, and we already started that cascade of investing less and focusing more on our core brands that we think are sustainable on linear and sustainable on mobile and sustainable globally.
