Gunnar Wiedenfels: Doug, just one point I would add obviously, so we scrutinize of each other's investment plans as part of the deal discussions. And as we said before, all the financial guidance that we've given around the deal is always assuming a pretty significant step-up in content investments over the coming years.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: It's fine. I don't really have a lot to add to that, David. We're feeling very, very good about our position, the upfront, the continued contributions from D2C. But I did want to point out a little less visibility and for known regions. But we'll be growing very healthily in the fourth quarter, I believe, from today's perspective.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yeah, and I'll let JB comment on the tech part of your question, Jessica, but again, I mean, from the perspective of challenges, again, as I have -- as I've been saying from the very beginning, we've taken a conservative approach to this and we're very well aware of the size of the checks that were riding here for and this combination. And we have been careful with our assumptions. So in all the work that we've done since gives me more, more confidence in our ability to deliver or against this [Indiscernible].  As David said, and as I said earlier in the prepared remarks, doing more work now, having transparency into albeit draft, carve out financials for the WarnerMedia car park group. As I said, the cash payment is going to be a significantly lower one from today's perspective, that gives us a better starting point from a leverage perspective. And as we said earlier, this sort of below 4.5 times leverage that we're seeing right now is to a large extent driven by working capital adjustments, but to some extent it's also driven by our current performance, both for the P&L and the free cash flow being above what we, what we assumed in our conservative agency model that we based our first communication on.  So, again, it's early still. We obviously still can only do so much until we have regulatory clearance. But as we said, the team is up and running. Simon Robinson, our Chief Transformation Officer and his team fully redirected at this now. So that [Indiscernible] the ground running. And I think we're in very good shape. You are pointing out obviously one of the key questions here with the tech platforms. JB, you want -- why don't you give a perspective on how we're looking at that.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And, Jessica, maybe just 1 -- I just want to clarify one thing, Jessica, because if I understand your question correctly, you were referring to acquisitions. That's nothing that we said in our prepared remarks. And just to clarify, we're not anticipating or planning for any acquisitions at this point,
Gunnar Wiedenfels: But maybe if I can add one thing, Jessica. What we said when we first announced this deal was remember there's roughly $6 billion in technology and marketing spent between the two platforms. We're assuming growth. We brought together two companies with significant expansion plans. A lot of that spends is, by its nature, a fixed cost relatively independent of the subscriber number. Obviously, there's a streaming-related cost that's there, but a lot of it is fixed. And so, there's a huge opportunity to completely to duplicate that spend base. And to JB 's point of multiple waves, especially on the marketing side, I have no doubt that we will, out of the gate, even in the first phase before fully aligning tech platforms will be able to get a lot of leverage out of the combined marketing spend.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Just obviously, the caveat that we don't call the support or we don't control the subscriber trends. So that's always the -- and we have as much visibility into that as many of you on the call here, but I'm very, very pleased with the distribution team's successes this year and we've gotten done so many questions about, sort of, the outlook and we just continue to go through deal after deal after deal with very encouraging results.
Jb Perrette: Yes [Indiscernible], it's obviously a big opportunity for us. We look at it as one where we're undergoing right now, essentially an audit of both platforms. And I don't think necessarily the decision as monolithic one. We look at these as multiple different modules that make up all the different components of both their and our tech platforms. And we have a lot of experience, as you mentioned, in terms of the effort and the work and the discipline required in re-platforming either one to the other -- in one direction or the other. That decision we haven't made yet, but we're undergoing obviously, a significant diligence process to underscore which is the best in class on both.  And it may be a little bit of a combination of those depending on certain modules in the platform that we may apply. And so we think it's actually a great opportunity, because Rich and Jason and the team on their side have obviously spent a lot of time and are investing a lot in upgrading their tech platform as we speak. We've obviously spent a lot of time and a lot of money doing the same over the course of the last 12 to 18 months. And as the 2 groups come together, we will have essentially a choice of a what we think will be an incredibly attractive kind of tech buffet that we will look to make the best of both to decide how we move into a common platform going forward.
Jb Perrette: Well, there will be meaningful cost savings from coming combining into one platform. I think there also will be meaningful consumer benefits from combining into one platform. And I think the other thing to keep in mind is yes, part of what in David's comments about us being more disciplined and tactical at this stage of phasing the further rollouts of Discovery+, for example, is also a view towards -- we may be able to more quickly in markets where we may not have launched Discovery+, to be able to quickly fold -- more quickly fold the content offering into a joint platform at that stage versus having to re-platform 2 existing platforms in a market into 1.  And so I think speed to market will be a variant of both -- Where we have and haven't launched. Number 1 and number 2, while we -- the final decisions on exactly which parts of the tech platform we migrate to will influence how long it takes us to get there. But remember that there may be two phases to this, where there may be an initial phase, which allows for more of a quick bundling of services. And a second phase, which eventually allows for, obviously, a common service on one tech platform. That's the timeline and evolution certainly [Indiscernible], that we'll talk more in detail as soon as we can give you more color.
Jb Perrette: Yeah. And the only other thing I'd add, Gunnar, is obviously, as we approach the deal term, not surprisingly, many of the partners that we work with internationally that have been a great part of our success. And that you've heard us talk about also asking the fair questions about how much money and how much effort they should put behind launching a new market as we go into 2022, given questions about the future brand and the future product offering, etc.  So, we're getting the same questions from partners, which is totally legitimate and that is making us, in some cases rethink when is the right time to launch? And a lot of that is largely when they're -- those things are being pushed off is a pushing off a marketing, and in some cases, content expense to later when we have a better view of what the combined product will look like. And we can come back to our partners with them more definitive sense of when and what we will be launching together.
Jb Perrette: I mean, Rich, on the channel store question. The reality is they've obviously been a very good partner of ours on Discovery side. We're well aware that as you said, HBO is taking a different position. I think the 3 questions that we'd have that we are waiting to engage further with the HBO side is: 1. We have found so for that hit -- there is a -- the question about these channel stores bringing in a different customer base than what we might be able to address directly is an ongoing question, and we certainly seen some good incremental subscriber growth coming from that channel store ecosystem. And how much of that is cannibalistic versus what we could do direct or not is an ongoing set of analysis that we have going.  And obviously, we want to compare notes with the HBO team at the right time. But that's a question --because ultimately, we want to try and get our products out to as many consumers on whatever platforms as necessarily. The second is the data element and the customer relationship, which I think is a little less known. And I think as some of the Amazon executives have talked about publicly now, we do have access to customer information as part of our relationship. And that's an important differentiator that doesn't make this just a traditional anonymized channel store relationship but where we actually have customer information on the channel store consumer.  And so that makes the equation a little bit different. And so, you overlay those two things, and we say, the third thing is obviously, we want to have more engaged conversations with the Warner team and look and see whether the strategy that they're following today or the strategy that we're following today makes sense for the combined and the Northstar will be two things, which is ultimately how do we get the product getting in front of more consumers in aggregate?  And how do we do it in a financially strong way? And if we think we can deliver a -- still get the customer relationship, but get in front of more people with the right economics. I think it's one that we will certainly remain very open to. So, we haven't made a decision definitively, but we are remaining very open and we'll certainly that will be part of the story when we come back to so, you, Rich and the team, we'll tell you more about it at the right time.
Jb Perrette: Yes, I think consistent with what Gunnar just said, you we should assume obviously. We are continuing to obviously push and see good growth in the markets where we're in. And we'll be launching our newest market at Brazil here over the course of next two weeks. And so, we're excited about that, and we still see healthy growth out of those markets. And we're spending at levels to Gunnar 's point that we think are reasonable without leaning too far in. But they slightly more conservative SAC to LTV ratios that we're spending at, plus the slowdown in some of the new market launches as we go into towards the end of the year and into 2022. It doesn't mean that the net adds numbers will be a little bit slower than they might have been in the past.
Jb Perrette: And it may be worth just, Rich, I realize we didn't hit Rich 's second question about the bundling clarification. I think David in my point on the bundling was purely that in back to Jessica's question about the tech rollout, it will take a bit of time, no question to come to 1 platform. And so while that process is underway, there will be opportunities in a much quicker fashion, closer to day 1 to potentially do some very creative bundling propositions. That is a interim strategy, not a long-term strategy, I think at this point is what we'd say.
