JB Perrette: Yes. I think, Doug, just to add on to David. I think in the very near-term, migration success is sort of one key metric, getting the customers who are on HBO Max today successfully migrated over to Max. And then over time, there will be three other metrics and a fourth that will come. The three would be brand awareness. Obviously, we’re building a brand with Max now that is new that has a different proposition, a broader proposition for something for everybody in the family. Number two, customer satisfaction. Number three, engagement. As we talked about on the April 12 event, a lot of it is around seeing all this content coming together, and the breadth of the proposition driving higher utilization, and therefore, helping retention. Those, I think, are the core ones in the initial few months. And then over time, obviously, as that flywheel continues, we obviously want to see subscriber growth and scale as the additional metrics. So those are the ways that we will look at success.
JB Perrette: Robert, I’d just add to what David said, there is two filters as we look at it. There is the strategic filter and financial filter that David just talked about, which obviously is preeminent, which is a market like India. If we don’t believe we can be profitable as a streaming service within a 3 to 5-year time horizon, at the end of the day, right now, that’s not going to be our priority focus. And so if the opportunity is to license and take a bunch of money off the table to help support our growth initiatives in other markets where we think we can scale more profitably and more effectively, we do that, number one. Number two, there is a practical reality that some of these licensing deals are done in markets where we’re just not going to be ready to launch from a platform perspective. As David mentioned in his prepared remarks, we’ve got a timetable to roll out our new product and convert and migrate our existing HBO Max customers over the next 12 months plus, then some of these things are going to take into ‘25 and even beyond to launch in new markets for our platform to be ready. And so in the meantime, it just makes perfect sense for us to take as much money off the table as possible. And so that’s the thinking.
JB Perrette: And we have – sorry, one other thing I’d say is in all these deals, oftentimes, what we’ve done, which is better than what we have in existing licensing deals, is ensuring that when those deals expire, we have stronger cliffs for the content to come back. So we can actually – when we’re ready to launch, if we assume we’re going to launch in those markets at the end of those deals, we get more of our content back immediately.
JB Perrette: Yes. Steven, to echo what David said, we’ve seen it across multiple metrics. We’ve seen it across retention, as David rightly pointed out, we’ve had in the first few months of this year, record low churn on HBO Max.
JB Perrette: Yes. And as we’ve talked about at the April 12 event, that was all done through a kind of, what I’d call, a slightly more analog attack plan – we’re now getting to a tool and a platform as we launch Max that we think has a lot more ammo to be able to actually attack churn in a more aggressive fashion. So we think we’re just at the beginning of that upswing. The second is we obviously had price rises in the U.S. as well as a few of the Latin American markets. And the reality is the great news there is we’ve seen much better reaction and much better retention as well on ARPU increases in those markets. And so that’s been a positive. We’ve seen efficiencies in – across the board in some of the items that Gunnar talked about. And then obviously, over time, we’ve seen some scaling, but we’ve been measured in our scaling. And so that’s been great. And as it relates to the content cross-pollinization, the reality is we’ve done very little so far. But we have done stuff with Magnolia, for example. And as you heard us, I think, hopefully talk about before, it was a top 10 performer on the service at launch, and even a top five in the initial week of launch. And so we feel very positive about what that means. And as we’ve cross-pollinated content outside of the U.S., we’ve seen similar trends of great reaction and reception from HBO Max consumers to the Discovery+ content. So when we go full throttle with it when Max comes together, we feel very optimistic.
JB Perrette: And Brian, to the Hogwarts Legacy, obviously, the Gen 8 release that’s going out, you are right, today is important. I would say, obviously, those consoles are a much smaller base than the current generation consoles that we released back in February. So, it’s obviously a much smaller portion of the whole, but nonetheless important. I think the other big callout is obviously the Nintendo Switch release, which will come later this year. We see that as probably a much bigger installed base and a fan base that, as it relates to the franchise of Harry Potter, which obviously appeals to a very big audience globally and a more – and in markets like Japan where Nintendo has a big footprint and Harry Potter skews very strongly in terms of popularity, we see a much bigger upside probably from that release certainly than the Gen 8. So, that’s kind of how we see the rollout over the next few months.
JB Perrette: Yes. Thanks Matthew. Just on the migration point first, a couple of things. Number one is, remember, there has been no change in the billing process. So, as it relates to revenue, there is no change and there is no migration as it relates to billings. So, revenue and billing continues to be exactly the same irrespective of whether somebody has actually “migrated”, i.e., accepted the new app or downloaded the new app if they need to. Number two is, as we said at the April 12th event, there is a large portion of the base that we will have to do absolutely nothing, where the app will automatically convert. And upon streaming again, you will have accepted the terms of use and you will be off and running. For the portion of the base that actually has to download the re-download, we have done everything we can to make it as seamless as possible, including not having to input – basically be two clicks to get to the – to streaming again your video content. You have no need to – your user name, password will be migrated, your watch list. All your history will be migrated. And so we try to make everything as possible. Now, inevitably in these processes, you are going to find some friction. But we think it’s fairly limited in terms of the subscriber risk associated to the migration. And so we feel very good going into it. We have tested it. We are all ready for the migration. And the flip side is on then switching to the Discovery+. As Gunnar said, we do see about 4 million subs largely in the U.S., but there is some of that internationally as well that overlap between the two services. And obviously, we are going to be doing everything we can to up-sell those that are not subscribed. But as we said again, the flip side is we are not going to be too in their face about it. At the end of the day, if people want to stay subscriber of Discovery+ and that’s the environment they prefer, that business by itself is profitable and we will continue to maintain it and serve them there. But we will over time, initially through marketing efforts, try and see if we can get them to come in and sample it. We will have offers that incentivize them to sample it for some period of time at favorable economics. And we will see how successful we can be in upgrading them. Oh, on FAST. So, look, on FAST, we always believe in a – what we call, a hybrid strategy, which is ultimately, first and foremost, kind of what we call channel syndication, which is ultimately, we realize that the platforms and the distributors out there, there are many who have the scale and the size, and we want to get our channel portfolio out there and viewed. And since it’s an audience aggregation and advertising business, we have already gotten out with Roku and Tubi. And we have been very pleased with the initial success with a very small, but a handful of channels that were out there already. We will continue to look to see if we can increase that volume, to your point, for a second, third, fourth monetization windows for certain content. And then we are continuing to explore the owned and operated strategy. And at some point in time, longer term, we do see this opportunity for this WB TV brand and platform to exist in an owned and operated environment. I think at some point, that will be dovetailed with the state of the advertising business and we want to make sure we come to market at the right time when the demand is sufficient. But we will continue to execute this hybrid strategy of syndicated channels initially. And then over time, at the right time, launch our own service.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Robert. We’re focused on taking HBO around the world. The fact that we have real scale around the world that we have content in every language, we have channels in every country to promote, is a real advantage for us. But we’re really driven by free cash flow and long-term free cash flow growth. And so if there is a market, like India, where we could structure a deal where we can make a lot more money by licensing our great content in that market, with an option at the – which we always have at the end of that deal to take another look at that country, with our platform that’s already built – we’re not building a new platform for each country and see if we can go in ourselves, can we generate more long-term profit and free cash flow. And so it’s really an economic analysis. You will see in most markets, it will be us building asset value, owning it, driving it for long-term value and growth. You saw us do it at Discovery. We were the first outside the U.S. We were in 200 countries, and it generated a long tail of free cash flow and real EBITDA growth for us. So I’m very optimistic we’re in less than 50% of the countries. It’s very hard to have a business that’s profitable just in the U.S. I’ve always thought that you really need to be above the globe, and that’s the advantage. That was the value creation of the fine companies, that they had that scale. We own all of our content. And the idea that we’re starting off by having a business that’s profitable this year in the U.S., and then we go on this journey of driving it outside the U.S. with a strong platform that’s already built, I think is – bodes very well for us.
David Zaslav: The added advantages in these markets, they are still seeding our brands in those markets. So we’re getting value, the brand itself is being driven as quality curated and then we have the hand off when we think that market can be profitable.
David Zaslav: We were the – I think we were among the first to say that the advertising market was facing – was starting to be challenging. And so we have been pretty careful in projecting because you can’t, how an advertising market is going to turn and when it’s going to turn. And so for purposes of how we looked at this year, the market is quite challenging. It’s improved a little bit, but it still remains a really challenging environment. But the good news for us is we built that into our projections for the year and into how we talk to you about what this – what we will face this year and how we will perform.
David Zaslav: Thanks Brian. We have a very good gaming business, with 11 different studios and a real talented capability. But the real differentiator for us as a company is we own our IP. And that IP belongs to us, and we are developing it. In some cases, we may decide to develop it with the third-party game technology company. But we may be the only media company that owns, whether it’s the DC Universe, Harry Potter, all the content that we own, Game of Thrones, that’s for us to deploy. And I think that’s particularly strategically important. Because if you look at Hogwarts Legacy, a big piece of the success of that game is you go into it. If you are a player, you go into that game and you are in that world, that’s kind of a new concept. Before it was really – it was gaming and it was storytelling. And now, I don’t – it’s very difficult to figure out what anyone’s definition for the metaverse is. But when we launch a product as a motion picture or a long-form story on Max or HBO, and then we have a game, that game belongs to us. But now there is this Tweener, which is it may be in the next couple of years that we launched our Superman movie. And then people spend more time and there is more economics of people just hanging out in the Superman world and universe. And the fact that we own all that is something that I think is going to be really important as we look for – whether with – as technology develops and given the amount of time people spend on gaming, we don’t want to be in the motion picture and story and long-form storytelling business and have somebody else in the business of hanging out in those worlds, because those worlds, I think are going to be quite profitable in the years ahead.
David Zaslav: Yes, Jessica, there is – when we look at this business, you are exactly right, we reset the business for the future by looking at each company and saying what should this come – how should we be structured to have the best chance for sustainable growth in the – today. We took out a lot of layers. We built the new leadership team, but we still have a lot of the benefits that will be flowing through this year and next year. And we are still finding – we are still opening up some closets and stuff falls out, which I think is a good thing, more opportunity. And we have got some businesses that aren’t doing well. Warner Bros. turns 100, and they have had two of the worst years of – if you look back at Warner Bros., it was really just very difficult. Very difficult on every level in terms of what was turned out. And so we think we have turned the corner on that. We have got a very strong leadership team in place now. We got James, Gunn and Peter working very hard on DC, which is going to be a very big growth driver for this company. And so we are very bullish on DC. And the Superman script first draft is done, Gunn is – he is on the Mission from God. And I think it’s a really good moment for us to prove out on DC, what we got and how strong it is globally for long-term sustainable growth. We got some more movies coming up that are better. We have been working hard on fixing them and enhancing them and investing. We said no movie before its time. And with Barbie and Flash, we have two very good movies, June 2, very strong. And so I think the slate coming up now, that will make a big difference. We have lost a lot of money in the motion picture business and making that turn is important. Continuing to build on Max, and we haven’t done much with animation at this company. We own Hanna-Barbera, Looney Tunes. The – if you take a look at animation, it’s a critical – we have three animation studios and we don’t have a lot of production in terms of – it’s not productive in terms of free cash flow. It’s not productive in terms of market share. It’s not productive in terms of growth. And so driving that, and we now have a really strong leader. Our leadership team is in place. This was Formula One and we are dealing with a very difficult environment, and it’s raining and the track is wet and it’s a challenge. We have got a leadership team of racecar drivers here, in every case. And so we have got a lot of confidence in Mike and Pam on the Warner Bros. side. And the games business is just getting started, which I think is something that people didn’t really pay a lot of attention to. And maybe the most important portion is the fact that we have this great diversity of assets. It’s hard to predict what’s going to go on. But we have restructured this company now. We are really tight. We are really tight and we are continuing to figure out how do we drive productivity so we can invest more in storytelling. That’s all we do. And right now, it’s sort of – the environment is challenged, challenged, challenged. But as things start to pick up, and they will, in different areas and we can’t predict exactly when, you are going to see a very quick turn at this company. So, the idea that we can end this year, drive towards – to be less than 4x levered with a very tight cost structure, with command and control of this business, with strong brands that people love around the world, and then all of a sudden, things improve a little bit, and you will see an acceleration.
David Zaslav: The NBA. Look, I just saw Adam two days ago at the Nick game. Go Nicks. Big night at the Garden. Wow, I have been waiting a long time for that one. And – we are doing a terrific job with the NBA. When you look at Barclay and Ernie and that team and Shack, the programming we were putting on, we are setting records with the NBA. We are setting records with hockey. We also have March Madness, where we did very well. We couldn’t do as well with the marketplace because sports is relatively strong, but sports used to be strong enough that it was also able to help you with the rest of the business. And that was happening for a long time. And the market was just quite soft, and so we are able to take advantage of the sport, but we weren’t able to take advantage of the piggyback halo. And I think that’s true in the industry. It just got more difficult. But between baseball playoffs, March Madness, hockey, we have long-term deals that are quite favorable to us. We like the NBA. The deals coming up in ‘25. There is lots of ways that could be re-conjugated. We did a very favorable deal in the UK with our BT Eurosport business, where we ended up with 90% of the football – the soccer games and Amazon got less than 10% of the Champions League games. We produce that content for Andy Jassy. And they promote to us, we promote to them. And the economics of that deal were very favorable for us. And so there is lots of ways to re-conjugate it. We like the NBA. We hope we can get there, but we are going to be very disciplined. We work very hard to build this company to drive profitability, to have a strong balance sheet, to provide real growth and real free cash flow. That’s the long-term sustainable nature of this great company, and we are not going to jeopardize that for any piece of IP.
David Zaslav: When we talk about a marketing campaign, one of the things to bear in mind is we are using our platforms now. That wasn’t happening in – we are really hyper focused. As I have said, on many nights now, we are getting 48%, 45%, close to 50% of all viewership, broadcast, cable. On any given night, we have 25% to 30% of viewership on the platform. And using that, using Bleacher and House of Highlights, which has a very young demo, using cnn.com. So, yes, we are – the campaigns are bigger. But we are one company, and so the ability to promote on HBO and our own platforms is a big savings. It’s a big savings for us internationally, and we are deploying it.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Robert, the only thing I would add is on your revenue growth and the wholesale question, two things to keep in mind. Number one, Q1 had a bit of an overlay with content sales revenues. And as we pointed out in the prepared remarks, obviously, the ad market also on the digital side isn’t the greatest right now. So I see a lot of upside opportunity here as that market comes back. And specifically for wholesale, remember that our subscriber base contains the linear HBO subscribers that are obviously showing similar trends to what we’re seeing in other parts of the linear ecosystem. Needless to say, we expect the total to be a growing business. We will see how the launch goes in May. We’re looking forward to getting that product out. I pointed out some of the overlapping subscribers. We will see how those wash out. But we’re definitely looking for revenue growth for the second half of the year and in many years to come.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Alright. Let me start with the guidance quickly, because you’re right, obviously, the DTC point is the big, big positive driver here. The most important point, as I laid out is we have very clear visibility into our transformation initiative and the impact that’s going to have on the cost base. Also for the Studio, definitely a support here for the second half of the year, a very strong summer slate that we’re really looking forward to launching, and the revenues that those are going to hit from Q3 onwards. Again, I don’t want to speculate about the linear business, but remember that the comp in the second half is going to be much more beneficial because especially the fourth quarter last year was pretty anemic in the scatter market. And – but at the end of the day, we still have a lot of shots on goal here. And it’s a hit-driven business, especially on the studio side, that’s why we’re giving the range. And I feel comfortable with that range with what I know today.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Steve, if I can just add one thing from the perspective of the longer-term outlook here, again, we gave guidance a year ago around how we see this D2C business developing. As I said earlier today, many of the operating KPIs are tracking much better than what we assumed. Again, the big thing is getting this product launched. And then we will learn so much about assumptions that are now assumptions in hypotheses and in 2, 3 months, those will be backed up by a lot more actual data. So this is going to be super important period, but needless to say, with the U.S. breakeven and actually hitting profitability for the full year happening this year, a full year ahead. Now remember, as we said before, we are obviously losing money in the business internationally as we are launching markets and as we are earlier in the maturity curve in many of the international markets, and that’s going to continue. But as I have said earlier, we have got that $1 billion-plus guidance for 2025 for the entire combined the business, and we will update that on the basis of what we are learning once the product is in the market.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Peter, again, I – in the current environment, I wouldn’t characterize anything as easy. But I have very, very high confidence in the range that we laid out. We have confidence in the ability to generate these synergies. You are right on the trailing 12-month number, but it’s a lot of work. We have line of sight, and we will take it from there. I don’t want you to take this an upgrade to our cash flow guidance.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And the margin profile, Brian, is not going to change materially. We will be a little lighter on marketing. Obviously, retail price points are a little lower, so from a gross margin perspective, a little bit of a headwind, but no material change.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: I would like to add one slightly less strategic, more operational point that, nonetheless, I think is super important, Jessica. And that is our – for the sake of the arguments, we are spending $20 billion of content. A lot of that still goes through siloed systems, still imperfect processes. And in many cases, still through a mindset that’s very business unit-oriented. So, I have no doubt we are in the very early innings of looking at this as one Warner Bros. Discovery content. But we talked a lot about the stuff that we discontinued because it didn’t make sense financially. I think the opposite is true as well. I think the company also passed on very, very interesting and attractive investment opportunities just because some – and our company budget wasn’t in place or so. All of that is going to change. We will get much better in allocating capital as a company. And we will get much better in the day-to-day operational management of spending of that cash. We just harmonized those processes and centralized those teams that were all fragmented. So, looking at that, the ROI on our capital, in the ballpark of $20 billion, hopefully growing over the next few years, is set to improve, and I have full conviction in that.
