Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes. And Chuck, on synergies, the headline here is as David has said so many times, we have completely changed the way we're running a business here. This is not about synergies. This is not about an integration. It's just a fundamental shift in mindset that continues to come through. And again, the -- you saw the free cash flow number in the second quarter. I'm just amazed by the results and it's coming through everywhere. And there -- as I said, there was a small strike impact here. But without the strike, it would have been a $1.6 billion number instead of a $1.7 billion number. And I'm pointing this out because it's not 1 or 2 things that stick out here, it's cash coming in everywhere across the P&L and then below the line. And so as I said a minute ago, we've achieved the $2 billion of incremental value capture with our transformation initiative. I do see $5 billion or more. And again, as we've said before, a lot of that is going to hit in '24 and beyond. We're still in the early innings of many of our systems transformation that I pointed this out before, we're rationalizing 260 systems across the company. So all of that is still in the pipeline. To your point, where is this coming from, it's the same point that I've made in the past. Really just looking at what's in the system, we have a very significant cushion in terms of the overall savings amount tied to all the initiatives that the company is working on. And then just looking at how those are flowing through the implementation milestones. And I have full confidence now that we're going to get $5 billion or more. And we'll continue -- again, this is not an integration exercise. It's a transformation of the entire operating model for the company. And yes, we're going to be reinvesting some. We actually have reinvested some. If you look at the numbers, I said $2 billion have flown through in the first half of the year. We've obviously not grown profits by $2 billion. We used some of that to offset the tougher macro environment and we've used some of it to fund the investments everywhere in the company.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Sure. So let me start with the floors and I quickly went through them in my prepared remarks earlier. But again, the most important point is it's coming in across the entire cash flow statement. And we have talked about this in the past, cash was never an objective in 3/4 of this company. And so when we went in and looked at the enormous amount of uncollected receivables, the enormous delays and even sending out invoices, the willingness to just pay our suppliers before even payments are due, it was just never a focus area. The discussion of a 10% margin business or a project, is that a good project? Could be but it could be a bad project if it takes 3 or 4 years to get the cash in after you deploy the capital. So those are all factors. And that are reflective of a mindset shift across the company. And importantly, I do also want to point out because we sometimes get the question on the securitization facility, we've said a number of times we're not intending to make that a major driver of free cash flow. It hasn't been a factor this quarter or year-to-date. And again, we're not expecting this to be a major driver. It might fluctuate on a quarter-by-quarter basis but it's not included in a positive or negative way in any of our guidance. And so looking beyond 2023 into the future, you're asking the question, how is this going to develop from here. I do think that we have multiple bites at the apple ahead still from a working capital perspective. We're really just getting started and we're really still working with an incomplete instrumentation from a systems perspective. So there's a lot more for us to do. You've also gone through a number of the underlying positive drivers here, cost to achieve is going to come down and, Kannan, I realize I forgot to answer your question. So we had guided to $1 billion to $1.5 billion in cost to achieve. We're going to be, as we said before, probably tilt the upper end of it. But $1.2 billion of that is going to flow through this year and then it's going to come down. Over time, interest is going to come down and CapEx is going to come down. We have a slightly elevated CapEx level as part of our transformation focus here, putting new systems in place, supporting JB's development, Max platform, et cetera. So that's going to be a positive driver as well. And then we'll see how we do on the P&L. Again, we've put ourselves in a position to really get behind all 3 of our businesses. and we'll update you as we get through to 2024. But there's definitely enormous opportunity and I do not view this as sort of a onetime bump. We're changing the way we're operating the company and we're changing the cash generation profile of this company. By the way, fully in line with what we've always said, longer term, we should be operating at a 60% cash conversion rate.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Okay. Well, let me start maybe and then pass to JB. As I laid out a minute ago, I do think that advertising for our D2C platform is a massive opportunity. I mean you see that we're growing advertising 25% in the quarter on the platform and that is in a challenging market environment. And in fairness, we haven't really started prioritizing this. And as I laid out, for the first time ever, advertisers are going to have access to some of the best shows in the entire landscape. And we're opening that up. We've got the technology in place and it's definitely going to be a growth priority, especially since we know that, in many cases, we can generate higher ARPUs on the ad-light platform or offering then on the subscribers [ph].
Jean-Briac Perrette: Yes. I mean I think that -- to add to Gunnar's comments, I think we look at it as multiple levers as we go into 2024 is the add -- just picking up to where Gunnar left off, the ad opportunity. We're just starting in the upfront. It was a huge driver of our success in the upfront and so that will start to kick in further. We just started in February, as you know, with putting advertising units in our most highly valued most premium content in terms of HBO and some of the legacy HBO library series. And so that's -- we see advertising as a driver. We see ARPU as a driver. We've risen -- we've pumped prices up internationally and in the U.S. over the course of the last 9 months in almost every market. We launched the ultimate tier which we've seen very healthy pickup here in the U.S. which is also incremental ARPU for us. And so that's an opportunity. I think engagement, as David mentioned in his prepared remarks, we've seen very positive initial trends on greater engagement which is a precursor and a leading indicator to future churn which is obviously something that is probably number one in our bull's eye of things we're trying to attack and lower which will help us. And then obviously, on the net adds side, as we roll out internationally and as we get the platform rolled out and as we lend to even more content offerings, as David alluded to, potentially in the live space, we think there's incremental opportunity to drive subscribers and, more importantly, revenue growth.
Jean-Briac Perrette: Yes. I mean, Jessica, as you films, obviously movies, continue to be a very important part of the Max offering. I should remind people that in the U.S., obviously, we're particularly more reliant on the Warner slate. Outside of the U.S., we are a multistudio service still, including the Warner slate. But film are incredibly important. And I will say what we've seen so far is -- obviously, we sort of benefit on Max in both ways. Even content -- even the titles that don't necessarily perform as well as we wanted to them in the box office, by the time they get to Max because fewer people have seen them and they are newer to more people, they do well. And the bigger titles like we had in Batman last year or doing when it came to the service and we expect the same of Barbie that do incredibly well, people want to resee it. And so it continues to be incredibly important part of the business.
Jean-Briac Perrette: And then, Michael, as it relates to international, certainly on the streaming side, we will be moving to one unified consistent brand with the launch of Max over the next 12 months, with the rollout plan for LatAm, EMEA and then APAC. So absolutely, over the course of sort of the next 12 months, that's the road map and the plan we're on. I think the second piece is we're obviously excited as we think about content mix, particularly in an environment where, to David's point about the strike, we do have great original productions happening outside the U.S. as well, both for Max as a platform as well as our local networks and that content will feed Max as well. And so the mix of powerful global IP and global content coming largely out of the U.S. as well as local content produced by our local teams in markets, particularly in Europe and LatAm, that mix to drive penetration of Max outside the U.S. we think is very powerful. And then on top of that, we have, obviously as David alluded to earlier, our sports. And as we think about Europe, in particular with the Olympics and in coming home to Europe next summer, will be a great launch platform for us in EMEA.
Jean-Briac Perrette: Yes. I mean I think as David alluded to earlier, in sports, we have a mix of models today across. Largely in Europe, it is priced in an incrementally priced tier. In LatAm, we have some sports bundle, a mix there as well. We have some local football or soccer in a separately priced tier. We have Champions League in Mexico and Brazil, priced within the entertainment offering. I think generally, our view is sports is a such a premium offering with a very focused and passionate fan base. But generally, the model will require some way to find -- need to find incremental value to get out of it. And so exactly how that comes to market, we will have more to say later in the year. But generally, our view is that it needs to be monetized incrementally, let's put it that way. And then as it relates to the overlap, I think as we said publicly before, we had -- we estimated about 4 million global overlapping subscribers between d+ and HBO Max at the time, with a large portion of that in the U.S. In Gunnar's remarks, he talked to the fact that we've now seen several hundred thousands come out of that in the U.S. And we will continue to presumably to see some further tailing off that overlapping sub base but it has been materially less than we expected. And so that's the story on the overlap.
David Zaslav: Thanks, John. First, when it comes to our sports rights domestically and globally, taken as a whole, we're money good. So we have good deals with -- here in the U.S. and around the world that are -- that provide real value to us. One of the elements of those deals is that we own the digital rights to our sports. So we have the ability for no incremental cost to put that content on our platforms. And we're doing it in Europe. We're doing it in different ways. In some cases, we're doing it as an incremental tier. And in some cases, we're putting it on the entire platform. And we've been at it now for about 1.5 years or 2 years and it's pretty compelling. I've talked about news and sports as our artillery and a real opportunity for us. So we'll be coming to you guys soon. We've been working this summer very hard. Number one, we wanted to get this platform right. We wanted to do no harm. Let's get a transition. There was a fair amount of overlap. And we've got the transition; the platform is working exceptionally well. Consumers are very happy. Engagement is up. One of our thesis of having how well this overall mix of content will work. Directionally, it's very -- it looks like it's working. More than 20% of the viewership is going to some of the more diverse content in different time periods. We still have a lot of work to do. We're early on. But news and sports are important, they're differentiators, they're compelling and they make these platforms come alive. And that's -- if you're on an SVOD platform and something that's going on in the world and you could see it, it has that platform -- makes that platform really alive. So you will hear from us on that soon.
David Zaslav: I think how everybody determines we're focused on how we're going to use our sports domestically and globally to create more shareholder value and stronger economics and help the leagues who all are very interested in reaching more people, more demographics. And so that's our focus. And in addition, as you know, we have Bleacher which is the -- and House of Highlights which are a huge funnel for us and a big opportunity. And we're focused on how we use that in tandem because it is the largest platform for people under 30 in sport.
David Zaslav: Look, the key for us is, as we have accelerated the delevering now and made the turn that we focus on growth. And focus on growth will be we now have command and control of each of our businesses. We're going to give the same rigor and focus on how do we drive growth across each of our businesses. And one of those key initiatives is one company. How do we use this -- the unique set of assets that we have that no one else has globally to drive growth. And that's what we're continuing. We're starting much more on to focus on growth and you'll see it and we'll be talking more about it. The content licensing, look, we have one of the best TV and motion picture libraries in the world. As you -- if you look at our overall -- the overall economics, I think we're actually below the last couple of years in terms of we're selling. If the strike continues, there may be more demand. We are always looking to maximize. We're hoping this strike gets settled as soon as possible. It's important. It's important that we get going that we get back to work doing what we love and we're hoping that both of these strikes get resolved soon. That's our focus.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Ben. Look, the market is -- it improved a little bit last quarter and we think it feels like it's improving a little bit this quarter. We're seeing some more improvement, not anything great but we're seeing some more meaningful improvement outside the U.S. But this is unusual. In my 35 years, I think a lot of us expected that there would be a -- that we'd see a meaningful recovery in the second half of the year and we haven't seen it. And we've needed to figure out how to make up for that. We just came out of an upfront that is encouraging, at least for us. We're seeing mid-single increase on the sports side. We got price increases with some of our affinity networks. Some of these networks are really important to advertisers and we're still doing a lot of original content which makes us unique. And some of our smaller networks were slightly down. Max was the star. I mean a big star, as JB said, some of this content, the greatness of HBO and Max, the KC, all that content, that we have 127 Emmy nominations, the idea that you can get in front of Succession, you can get in front of the highest quality content for the first time. And it's very uncluttered. It's one spot right for now on the front end of it and some of the older content is limited. And so we're seeing really good pricing. We can't say one for one. We need to build up Max for now. It's -- there's a huge demand for it. We're going to be pushing for -- as we look at growth everywhere, we're going to be pushing now for how we reduce churn and grow Max. But it's very helpful to us that we have a significant digital footprint. We have a really strong product in Max. And look, for us, we can't predict what's going to go on with the linear business. But we have a lot of command and control, as I talked about earlier. And the viewership on our platforms are actually quite strong, it's just that they're older. And there's a load of people still loving and watching our content. And most of our content now is going over to Max. So they're watching Diners and Dives and then we're getting -- we're monetizing it again to all of our subscribers on our ad tier and around the world. So we have that symmetry. We need to build up the other side. But we've been very aggressive and we will continue to be about driving the margin. And we're aware that there's a decline in the traditional business. And we're fighting to keep that free cash flow and we'll pull every lever we can.
David Zaslav: Well, look, on the strike, I'm very focused on it because this is our business, this is all we do. And get it -- and it's critically important that everybody, the writers, the directors, the actors, the producers, all the below-the-line crews, everyone needs to be fairly compensated and they need to feel valued and feel that they're fairly compensated in order to do their best work. And that we have to focus on getting that done. I'm hopeful that it's going to happen soon. I'm going to I think all of us in this business are very keen to figure out a solution as quickly as possible. We are in some uncharted waters in terms of the world as it is today and measuring it all. And so I think in good faith, we all got to fight to get this resolved and it needs to be resolved in a way that the creative community feels fairly compensated and fully valued.
David Zaslav: We're going to talk about news and sports. We'll be back to you soon on that. And one of the things you're also seeing with us is we're winding out a very -- there were some low ARPU deals that were -- internationally that we just looked at and we just said, that's not who we are, let's get out of those deals. And so there has been a focus to say let's focus on profitability, let's focus on really good subs. Real value, the economics that we get. The ability to nourish our audience and build on those economics, that's our future. And let's get out of these deals that were bargain basement and providing very little ARPU of value.
