DTC: Adjusted EBITDA losses were $634 million during the quarter, and we continue to expect that 2022 will be the peak year for adjusted EBITDA losses in the segment with healthy improvement next year on the back of cost synergy initiatives, and positive inflection and revenue trends following the launch of the newly combined product. Turning to consolidated results and free cash flow. Both revenues and adjusted EBITDA decreased 8% during the quarter, and while still down our year-over-year EBITDA trend saw significant sequential improvement over Q2, and now expect further sequential improvements in Q4 and into 2023. Reported free cash flow was negative $192 million. And let me provide some more detail here. Cash flow from operations decreased nearly $700 million, primarily due to seasonality from the semiannual cash interest payment on a large portion of the acquisition debt, as well as merger and integration related costs, which totaled nearly $400 million during the quarter, including payout of retention bonuses to legacy Warner Media employees put in place prior to the closing of the transaction. This brings the year-to-date total to approximately $650 million. Furthermore, we reduced the balance outstanding on the securitization facility by $500 million from $5.7 billion to $5.2 billion, which also negatively impacted Q3 free cash flow, managing the program in line with a seasonal cadence of collections and revenue. As previously mentioned, we repaid $2.5 billion of debt during Q3 bringing the total debt repaid since the closing of the transaction to $6 billion. We ended the quarter with $50.4 billion of gross debt and $2.5 billion of cash on hand. Turning to guidance. Now with two months left in the year, we see adjusted EBITDA for 2022 landing towards the middle of our guidance range of $9 billion to $9.5 billion or about $9.2 billion. This is not withstanding the incremental drag from currency, and continued and greater than originally anticipated headwinds in the advertising markets across much of the globe. It also includes the additional amortization of HBO content we have implemented following the detailed assessment of our content assets. We continue to see reported free cash flow for the year at $3 billion and now we'll see net leverage at the end of the year at approximately five times. Building off of this projected baseline and looking to 2023, we continue to target and our teams are working towards $12 billion in adjusted EBITDA, and in a more normal advertising environment, we believe that target should be achievable. That said, the lack of visibility on advertising globally creates a more challenging path towards achieving our target given advertising is by far the greatest variable impacting our financial performance for 2023. I'd also like to offer a couple of other puts and takes to bridge from this year to 2023. First, synergy will be a healthy tailwind, and we expect $2 billion of incremental EBITDA impact year-over-year as I detailed earlier. Second, the first half of 2023 struts an additional tailwind of a couple $100 million from the impact of our course correction measures implemented over the last several months. For example, CNN Plus. And third, FX trends and overall pay-TV trends are naturally outside of our control and difficult to project. We continue to expect our free cash flow conversion rate to be in the 33% to 50% range. In addition to the factors described above, free cash flow will depend on the timing and size of the cash restructuring costs to be realized in 2023, as well as on content and working capital dynamics. To close, I'd like to reiterate that the future and mid-to-long term earnings power of this new combined company is as vibrant as ever, and we have decisively taken the necessary steps to enhance our operating structure and emerge as a leaner and stronger global media company, which will position us to take advantage of the eventual market recovery. We continue to focus on and invest in high quality content and platforms with a flexible approach to monetization to drive growing and sustainable free cash flows, which we believe will ultimately maximize long-term shareholder value. And with that, I'd like to turn it back to the operator and David, JB, and I will take your questions.
DTC: Adjusted EBITDA losses were $634 million during the quarter, and we continue to expect that 2022 will be the peak year for adjusted EBITDA losses in the segment with healthy improvement next year on the back of cost synergy initiatives, and positive inflection and revenue trends following the launch of the newly combined product. Turning to consolidated results and free cash flow. Both revenues and adjusted EBITDA decreased 8% during the quarter, and while still down our year-over-year EBITDA trend saw significant sequential improvement over Q2, and now expect further sequential improvements in Q4 and into 2023. Reported free cash flow was negative $192 million. And let me provide some more detail here. Cash flow from operations decreased nearly $700 million, primarily due to seasonality from the semiannual cash interest payment on a large portion of the acquisition debt, as well as merger and integration related costs, which totaled nearly $400 million during the quarter, including payout of retention bonuses to legacy Warner Media employees put in place prior to the closing of the transaction. This brings the year-to-date total to approximately $650 million. Furthermore, we reduced the balance outstanding on the securitization facility by $500 million from $5.7 billion to $5.2 billion, which also negatively impacted Q3 free cash flow, managing the program in line with a seasonal cadence of collections and revenue. As previously mentioned, we repaid $2.5 billion of debt during Q3 bringing the total debt repaid since the closing of the transaction to $6 billion. We ended the quarter with $50.4 billion of gross debt and $2.5 billion of cash on hand. Turning to guidance. Now with two months left in the year, we see adjusted EBITDA for 2022 landing towards the middle of our guidance range of $9 billion to $9.5 billion or about $9.2 billion. This is not withstanding the incremental drag from currency, and continued and greater than originally anticipated headwinds in the advertising markets across much of the globe. It also includes the additional amortization of HBO content we have implemented following the detailed assessment of our content assets. We continue to see reported free cash flow for the year at $3 billion and now we'll see net leverage at the end of the year at approximately five times. Building off of this projected baseline and looking to 2023, we continue to target and our teams are working towards $12 billion in adjusted EBITDA, and in a more normal advertising environment, we believe that target should be achievable. That said, the lack of visibility on advertising globally creates a more challenging path towards achieving our target given advertising is by far the greatest variable impacting our financial performance for 2023. I'd also like to offer a couple of other puts and takes to bridge from this year to 2023. First, synergy will be a healthy tailwind, and we expect $2 billion of incremental EBITDA impact year-over-year as I detailed earlier. Second, the first half of 2023 struts an additional tailwind of a couple $100 million from the impact of our course correction measures implemented over the last several months. For example, CNN Plus. And third, FX trends and overall pay-TV trends are naturally outside of our control and difficult to project. We continue to expect our free cash flow conversion rate to be in the 33% to 50% range. In addition to the factors described above, free cash flow will depend on the timing and size of the cash restructuring costs to be realized in 2023, as well as on content and working capital dynamics. To close, I'd like to reiterate that the future and mid-to-long term earnings power of this new combined company is as vibrant as ever, and we have decisively taken the necessary steps to enhance our operating structure and emerge as a leaner and stronger global media company, which will position us to take advantage of the eventual market recovery. We continue to focus on and invest in high quality content and platforms with a flexible approach to monetization to drive growing and sustainable free cash flows, which we believe will ultimately maximize long-term shareholder value. And with that, I'd like to turn it back to the operator and David, JB, and I will take your questions.
DTC: Let's assume the midpoint of our guidance range for 2022, call it $9.2 billion, there will be a couple 100 million of impact on the positive side in the first half of next year as the full effect gets realized off the decisions that we have made in the second half of this year. And then we have full visibility and full conviction off to $2 billion of incremental synergy impact, right? So that takes you to the, call it $11.5 billion range for next year. And then to your point, the key question is, the environment that we operate in, and I don't want to make any predictions here, you guys can all form your own views, but we do have $10 billion in advertising revenues, so that is a very material driver. Now that said, we are very, very bullish when it comes to the DTC segment for next year. Obviously, not only a great synergy opportunity, but also, as you've heard from David, the launch date for our combined product looks a little earlier now than we had anticipated when we spoke three months ago. I do think that there is a real inflection point that's available to us when it comes to DTC revenue on the back of that relaunch. We have a much more robust film played on the studio side, et cetera. So there's a number of drivers impacting our performance for next year here. And as I said, with a somewhat more normalized ad environment, $12 billion is what we're working towards, what the team is budgeting for. But it's certainly not in position to put that into the bank here today. I don't know if that's helpful.
David Zaslav: On the pricing, JB, we've been doing a lot of work, peers around the world, we've been experimenting outside the U.S., may be we're not going to talk specifically about our pricing, but you could talk specifically about how we're approaching it.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Doug. Look we're a content company, that's the business we're in. It's our advantage. The fact that we have these tentpoles, the strength of HBO right now by people domestically, and around the world, where we do have HBO in the few markets, as being the highest quality, best curated service, as well as the production of content coming out of Warner Brothers, that's really our strength. We intentionally referenced the content coming up, because we're leaning in, we're spending more money this year than we've ever spent historically. And when -- there's been a lot of view of what's going on and the remix of this company coming back -- coming together and it is messy. It's challenging, but it's taken real courage to restructure this company. It hasn't been restructured and reimagined for the future in a decade and a half. And so putting -- having this company work as one company, and putting it all together, and having -- looking at content across the platform, promoting it across the platform. But as part of that, we had the luxury because of this, the span across each platform to take a look at how it's working. And so Casey Bloys, was able to look at all the content on HBO. And when 37 series went away, he was able to look over the last year and a half, what are people watching? And what are they not watching? Where are people spending time? Where are they being nourished? We have the ability to look across our cable channels, what are we spending on shows and where are they working? And where are we getting a good return. And all those write offs that we took shows off these platforms. We didn't take one show off a platform that was going to help us in any way, it's going to help us to get it off the platform so that we could now invest in with the knowledge of what is working and replace those shows with content that has a chance to be more successful, have larger, larger audience? And where are we allocating the capital? How much should we be spending on HBO? How much more investment should we be making at Warner Bros. Television. And in the end, we're fully committed to content, you'll see that. We're committed to sport, we're committed to news. And we're focused now on how do we deploy that capital in a way to generate real value and get the content that's not working off.
David Zaslav: Thanks Jessica. Just quickly on fast. We have HBO Max and we launch that product in the spring as a premium product and as an ad light product, and we'll begin to roll that out globally. As JB said, we've begun to experiment with moving some of the Discovery Plus content in there. We also have a platform that is really deficient right now. And so we're holding on and we're growing. The fact that we were able to grow almost 3 million subs outside the U.S. without a lot of promotion and with a platform that's not that great, we really think is encouraging as we begin to look at rolling out more broadly. But we also see fast as a real opportunity for us. And I think it's unique for us. We have the largest TV and motion picture library. And so there's content that belongs on HBO Max, when that product launches, whatever it's called, as well as the AVOD service. But we could see now, what are people consuming on those platforms. There's also a huge amount of content that's not even on that platform that's sitting with us that hasn't been put to monetize in the marketplace. Some of that we will sell, which we've talked about, and we've started to sell. Some of it we'll sell not exclusively, some of it, but we have the ability on the fast side to build a service without buying content, most of the players in that space, are out buying content and then looking to sell that content and create a wig effectively, where they get a return on that content based on what they spent on it. We can take content we already own, a lot of it where we have no participants, some of it where we have participants, but it's at a fraction and get ourselves into an AVOD service, which I think makes us full service. And most of that has been fully amortized, or almost all of it has been fully amortized. And it gives us effectively a full service, which you'll see as we come into the end of 2023, which is a premium service that we're driving globally, with no ads, an ad-light service, which will have a robust and attractive advertising opportunity, where even in a difficult market we're getting very good pricing. And then finally, there's always a huge number of people that do not want to pay. And we'll be able to have them spending time with us we think with an economic model, that's much advantage versus our peers. And then as we learn more, we can move the content through that ecosystem.
David Zaslav: And remember there on average, we might be 25% of viewership on any given night, but when during the NBA we could be up to 40% of viewership, live sports, live news, entertainment nonfiction. During March Madness, our numbers will be even higher. And so the ability to use live news, use particularly live sports, which others did with the NFL and college football during a difficult market. But the fact that was such a big part and effective part of the overall viewership in America gives us a chance to get advertisers on digital news, sports entertainment, and so that that opportunity I think should give us a huge advantage if you know when the market comes back and we expect it will, we just can't predict when.
David Zaslav: And then Jessica, may be just to close on your ad-light and TAM question, we see if you exclude the non-accessible markets of China and Russia and India for a second, just given the scale and different ARPU dynamics of that market, we think there's about, around 2 billion people around the world that are our consumers of free ad supported entertainment. And we look at about 20% to 30% of that group being addressable on the subscription side. And in the subscription side, we ultimately do see the ad-light offering that now obviously, everyone is leaning towards as an incredibly important growth initiative for us. We were frankly a little surprised in the HBO Max ad-light offering that more people have not moved to that offering and I think it says two things which are both positive for us. Number one is, we believe there's actually some pricing advantage for us on the ad free service and we can probably move north of where the prices are today. And secondarily, that we can drive particularly, we would bring the products together a lot more adoption of that ad-lights here, as we saw with the legacy Discovery Plus product. And lastly, on monetization of that tier, today we have about two to three minutes of ads in HBO Max ad-light, that's about half of what we have on Discovery Plus. So we think we have, as we roll the two combined products, almost 100% growth in the inventory available to us as we look to combine the ad loads of those two products.
David Zaslav: So let me quickly knock out that clarification question and then I'll pass it to JB. So what we're saying is $9.2 billion is best estimate, pretty much in the middle, middle of that guidance range that we've given. So essentially, on a year-over-year basis, sequentially, another improvement after Q3, now Q4 better and then as I've said, I expect much more improvement as we go into next year. And this is net of the headwinds that we have digested to get to that number. Most importantly, FX has been a pretty significant headwind this year, as you know. We're expecting that to be roughly $160 million for the full year. The amortization policy change for HBO content is in a similar ballpark, a little more for the full year, but it was roughly $150 million in the third quarter as we had some catch up effects. So that's all baked into the $9.2 billion number.
David Zaslav: A couple of things. One, we're going to have a real focus on franchises. We haven't had a Superman movie in 13 years. We haven't done a Harry Potter movie in 15 years. What the -- the DC movies and Harry Potter movie movies provided a lot of the profits of Warner Brothers Motion Pictures over the last 25 years. So focus on the franchise. One of the big advantages that we have, House of the Dragon is an example of that. Game of Thrones, taking advantage of Sex in the City, Lord of the Rings, we still have the right to do Lord of the Rings movies. What are the movies that have brands that are understood and loved everywhere in the world. Outside of the U.S. most in the aggregate Europe, Latin America, Asia, it's about 40% of the theaters that we have here in the U.S. and there's local content. And so when you have a franchise movie, you can often make two to three times the amount of money you make in the U.S. because you get a slot and a focus on the big movies that are loved that are tentpole that people are going to leave home, leave early from dinner to go to see, and we have a lot of them; Batman, Superman, Aquaman. If we can do something with JK on Harry Potter going forward, Lord of the Rings, what are we doing with Game of Thrones? What are we doing with a lot of the big franchises that we have? We're focused on franchises. Two, we've learned what doesn't work. And this is what doesn't work for us based on everything that we've seen and we've looked at it hard. One is direct to streaming movies. So spending a billion dollars or collapsing a motion picture window into a streaming service. The movies that we launch in the theater do significantly better and launching a two-hour or an hour and 40 minute movie direct to streaming has done almost nothing for HBO Max in terms of viewership, retention or love of the service. The other is the entire library or almost the entire library shouldn't be on HBO Max and paid for by HBO Max. There's a lot of -- we have an extraordinary library, Friends, Big Bang Theory, Two and a Half Men. There's 15 or 20 series that are loved and used and are nourishing the audience on a regular basis. But then there's a huge number of series and movies that aren't being used at all. And so the ability to see over the last year and a half, what's happened to that entire library of motion picture and movies or on -- and to see that if none of its being used why aren’t we putting it on an AVOD, where it will be used. We've looked at what people are watching on Pluto and on Tubi, it's very different. They are loving Rawhide and Bonanza. They are not watching that. They are not watching old series like Dynasty on Macs. And so there is a platform where people have an expectation, and what they want to watch, and we've been able to get a real vision into what people are consuming and ultimately, that gives us a roadmap. So what library is really advantageous to us, and then, and a lot of that stuff, we might keep on there, but we don't need it to be exclusive. It could also be on AVOD. We could sell it to someone else, because no one is subscribing or staying on a particular, on one of our services, because it's there. And so I think what we're really trying to understand is, what has worked on the platform, and what hasn't, and then based on that, we'll determine how to operate going forward.
David Zaslav: Actually before we can move on, I did want to mention one thing, because you were quoted a lot. You got a lot of mileage out of your statement earlier this week, I think or in the last week that one is Discovery has the greatest assets, the highest leverage in the industry or something like that, so I just want to comment on that. And while we're on the topic of free capital, I really view our capital structure as a as a huge asset. We put the structure in place with a purpose. It's cheap, largely fixed, and long dated debt. And so from that perspective, I feel very, very good about it. Very limited maturities coming up over the next couple of years. We run scenarios, obviously and there's even in the most dire scenarios, no requirement for us to come back to the debt markets to refinance anything. So it really is a bit of an asset. It's not lost on us where the debt is trading. And as we're rolling in that free cash flow that I described over the next 2, 3, 4 years, I think there is enormous opportunity for us, which is going to be in the best interest of not only the equity holders, but also the debt holders. So this is a real, real asset. And I just saw maybe laughing when your quote was picked up by the Wall Street Journal, I think this morning.
Jean-Briac Perrette: Yes, I'd say pricing is one of four things that makes us particularly optimistic about the products coming together, obviously content aggregation and pulling all the content pieces together. The second being the broader positioning that allows us to move from a product that may have a slightly more tailored approach to a fewer number of people in a household to a product that actually appeals to everybody in a household. The product improvements, David mentioned one in his remarks earlier, but there's a whole myriad of other product improvements that we need to execute on the platform that will greatly enhance engagement and retention. And then the pricing we think is one of the meaningful ones two data points on that that I think are important. Number one is, by 2023, HBO Max will not have raised price since its launch. So it will have been three years, since pricing has moved, which we think is an opportunity, particularly in this environment. And number two, when we look internationally, our wholesale and retail ARPUs are meaningfully lower than the market leaders. And for us that spells opportunity and an ability as we think about the new product coming to market and even some initiatives before the new product comes to market for growth on ARPU internationally.
Jean-Briac Perrette: And we're in the process of developing one lens through which we look at it. It's one company, one view on returns, and I see a lot of opportunity there from the prospect of reallocating the capital. Doug on the advertising market, look the truth is delivery, obviously, across the ecosystem is down. But that said, we have been able to grow advertising in a meaningful way with exactly that level of delivery. So my view is, this is first and foremost, a market issue. Now, as I said, the sports schedule did have an impact and put us at a little bit of a disadvantage in the quarter. For the fourth quarter as well, there is some additional tailwind in local which obviously, as you know, were less well positioned to participate in. But the reality is that the scatter market has been pretty dry right now. So it is what it is, as we know, from experience, these periods past, but it's not a very constructive environment right now, as you have heard from a number of other players, peers and across the broader advertising market over the past three, four weeks.
Jean-Briac Perrette: Yes, that's actually, I think that's in terms of scale Jessica that's one of the most exciting points the way, we're now able to look at content decision making, with people providing a perspective from the various business units, providing data, and the ability to make these decisions on a group level in the best interest of Warner Brothers discovery as opposed to the optimizing individual business units. The other more recent point I would like to highlight where we're really in the first inning is just the marketing power of this company. If you look at the Black Adam campaign that David mentioned in his opening remarks, this is as broad as comprehensive as we've ever seen it and we're just getting started. Now we're going to be able to gather all the data and drive all the insights from executing a campaign like that. We can already see what the impact of ticket sales has been, what's worked, what hasn't worked. So we were able to tackle this in a in a way that I don't think anyone has done. And again, we're just getting started. And on the ad sales side again, it's early days. But if you look at what Kathleen has been able to do after Scripps, and what [indiscernible] did at Discovery on the international side, I have no doubt that Kathleen and Louise and Chris and Gerhard are going to drive this Network portfolio hard and it just makes so much sense that's optimizing this combined comprehensive portfolio with one centralized approach is going to drive enormous delivery.
Jean-Briac Perrette: And Jessica finally on the distribution side, we did very well at Discovery with our traditional nonfiction package. Turner did very well with their news, sports and entertainment. Together, we make up most of the high quality and valuable piece of the basic cable bundle. And so together, we're really aligned with the distributors. They want the bundle to remain robust, we want it to remain robust. And with all of the discussion of the decline of the traditional bundle, and we can see that it is in secular decline. But the real optimistic point here is that almost all of the sports, all of the sports are on free to air and cable. And the numbers for sports have gone up dramatically. March Madness was up 40%, the NBA is up 25%, 30%. And so it is the platform where people are watching sports and that sports is going to be on cable for the next 10 years. And so there are certain trends you see, on the other hand, you see a very big uptick on sport, and long-term commitment to sport on the platform, which I think will provide a steadying force. And it will likely, when there was some discussion by Rutledge [ph] this morning, a great operator of, some challenges ahead. I think one of the things that the operators are concerned about is, when it comes to the big 12 and the increase in sports rights, that they are going to have to pay the lion's share of that in increases.
Jean-Briac Perrette: And on the international wholesale and partnerships angle, obviously the rollout we laid out in August assumed essentially a rollout of the new product over the next two years in the existing HBO Max markets, other than a handful of additional ones that we talked about launching in Europe in in 2024. Next year, it's really focused on U.S., LATAM, which are all existing HBO Max markets and so there was no incremental launches in that number. As David mentioned earlier, we really were focusing on getting the product to market, getting launched and then reassessing as we get the product launched, was there, is there any opportunities to do more and more markets in the years to come, but that's not something obviously we have any visibility of at this moment. Lastly, on the partnership side, we do view as we have in the legacy Discovery side, that there are a number of different partnership opportunities. And in fact, in the last few months, as we've been out in the market, talking to partners, a long list of partners, eager to engage on conversations about how they can help us accelerate the rollout of the future product as we come to market, across all the markets we're coming into. So we're excited to work with the existing partners and some new partners to figure out if there's ways to accelerate the rollout and potentially lessen our marketing costs and stack through those kinds of partnerships that we've done historically.
Jean-Briac Perrette: One last point on content. The audience will tell you what they love, they'll spend time with it. They'll watch it and rewatch it and you can see it, you could see it on cable, and free to air in terms of the ratings, and you could see it on -- we could see it on Max in seeing exactly what people spend time with. And we look at it, and we look at it hard. If we have a scripted show that's $7.5 million dollars. And it's getting a 0.43, then that tells us that some has been written that we're not committed to scripted on TNT. We're very committed to scripted, but we want to measure what people are watching and what they're not. If a repeat of Two and a Half Men or BIGBANG does three times the reading of a brand new show that was spending another season that we greenlit of a show that's costing us seven and a half million dollars. We're going to cancel that show. And we're going to try and get another scripted series that has a chance to really deliver and delight and engage an audience. But we are being deliberate about measuring how are the shows doing. As I said, let me be very clear, we did not get rid of any show that is helping us. And we got rid of those shows that we can focus on producing new content that will and using everything we learned on each platform to make new choices. It's a business of failure, but we'd rather take that money and spend it again and have a chance of having a show that will engage in delight on either our traditional platforms or our subscription platforms.
