David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Doug. We had a good upfront, and we're off to a good start in terms of our content for the year. For the quarter, we were up 10%, with real momentum at TLC, ID, American Heroes Channel, Destination America, Velocity, OWN. I mean, to be up 10% in Prime and 5% in Total Day while the rest of the industry was down 5% in Prime and down 4% in Total Day really reaffirms our core mission of growing market share. And all that content, or most of it, we own and get to take around the world. The fact that our content has been more successful is a helpful factor for us in terms of how much we need to invest. The more returning series we have, the more quality content we have on brand that's resonating, we can temper down our content investment. So whereas 2 and 3 years ago, we were in the mid teens in investment as we were really trying to find our voice on a lot of the channels, we then went to high single. We're now at mid single. So I would say between mid single and high single. And we're feeling quite good about our creative team domestically and internationally, which is really key for us, growing market share domestically and around the world.
David M. Zaslav: Sure. First, on the affiliate side, we were able to find some meaningful success with our new deals at the end of last year. So our affiliate rate has gone from 5 to 6. You'll see that go up throughout the rest of the year. So that locked-in affiliate subscriber fee growth rate will rise. It's a function of higher increases we were able to get, plus additional distribution, with fees, for a number of our channels. So we feel very good about that, and you'll see that coming through on a quarter-to-quarter basis and growing. On the ad sales side, we're really seeing -- we're seeing double-digit growth everywhere. And so the first piece is that Latin America has been very strong. So we have seen Western Europe, but Latin America continues to be very strong for us, Brazil and Mexico in particular, where we have 5 of the top 15 channels in Brazil, including the #1 channel in Brazil with Discovery Kids; and in Mexico as well, where we have 5 of the top 20 channels. So we're very well positioned there. In Western Europe, the idea of free-to-air is a little bit of a misnomer. We're getting our growth both from our pay-TV business, but the free-to-air channels are really -- it's a different model for us. We're not doing news, we're not doing sports and we're not doing a lot of original content. It's that we have a huge library of content in language that we can -- where we can launch a channel in Spain and have a very low cost base. And because Spain and Italy and Germany are very low-penetrated on pay-TV, we really have kind of a hybrid asset. We have a very low-cost, free-to-air channel that allows us to take advantage of a very strong advertising market, and we already have an ad sales team in place because we've been in those markets for 10, 15 years. In the case of Spain, we are newer to that market. But we're taking advantage of infrastructure, but I think it's fair to say that the growth has been very broad also in Asia and India, and Russia continues to be strong in Eastern Europe. So I think the free-to-air is helping us, but it's all been lapped. And we'll see it now as pure growth. And the fact that our market share in this past quarter grew an additional 8%, and the quarter before, we grew mid teens to almost 20%, we're seeing continued growth, and we think it's very sustainable because it's broad based.
David M. Zaslav: Well -- Dave, so first, this quarter, we were up 5%. The last time we went against the Olympics, we were up 3%. And we're up 5% against a quarter last year where we were up 8%. And part of that had to do with the fact that Discovery got hit pretty hard by the Olympics. The rest of our networks fared better, but Discovery, which is a significant piece, Discovery and TLC together, in terms of higher pricing and volume, got hit. It did -- we did rally, and we're up about 12% in Prime in April, so that's a good sign. For us, the good news is we're really in this for the long term, so when you look at ID and you look at Velocity and you look at TLC, we're kind of in a -- we view these things differently. We're generating content that we take all over the world. So when you see a show on ID, it's now in over 150 countries. It does take time to get pricing. Even though ID is the #4 network in America for women, we still don't get the pricing that we think we deserve on that. The good news is, we're doing much better this quarter than we did last, and we're doing much better than we did a year ago. And as we went into this upfront, ID had much more strength and credibility. It had the longest view on cable in terms of time people spend with it. So the good news here is our overall mission of investing more in content, more in brands and growing our market share is really a long-term play. You're going to see sustainable growth in our pricing on ID for the next 2 years, at least, before we get to where it should be. And so that'll continue to bear fruit. Velocity and Heroes Channel, they're -- and Destination America, they're kind of lower on the ladder, which is a goodie and a baddie. The baddie is we can't fully take advantage of the fact that these channels are doing really well and gaining significant share. The goodie is that every quarter, we're able to gain on price and it becomes more of a sustainable play. People still only watch 6 to 8 channels, and they're spending a lot more time watching ID, Velocity, TLC, Animal Planet. They're watching our channels. 8 years ago, we were about 4.5% of the share of viewership on cable. Today, we're almost 13% of the viewership on cable. And so to us, that is the characteristic. That is the piece of data that's most important. The advertising market can go up and down, but share is something that's pretty steady if you can get people spending time with your brand. So we look at these channels and we think they're real growth opportunities for us. And the same is true outside the U.S. We've launched ID in 150 countries and TLC in 170, and we're doing -- our pricing is getting better this year than it was last year, and it'll continue to bear fruit for us. So when you do see our numbers being high, and a lot of those might be that TLC and Discovery are up a little bit and these other are up a lot, you can do the math and see that we won't be able to get the full value of those right away, but we will be getting those values over the next few years.
David M. Zaslav: The other thing that we've done is we could bring more money in if we went for value. But our view is that ID is now in 85 million homes. It will be in almost 90 million homes over the next 18 months. It's a top-5 channel in America, and rather than concede price, we're holding price. Destination America is doing really well for us, as is Velocity. And so in many cases, we're deciding not to take extra money in order to hold price, and we think that also will provide more sustainable growth and more value for us in the long term.
David M. Zaslav: And we're taking Oprah's content outside the U.S. We've launched a lot of the OWN content in South Africa, in Australia, where it's doing extremely well. And overall, the channel is -- it's outperforming. The advertisers are all with us. We now have all the distributors. And Oprah is really in full stride with a great brand that is really resonating with both men and women here in the U.S. and starting to resonate around the world as we roll it out.
David M. Zaslav: From a narrative perspective, Rich, Eurosport has been sold on a pan-European basis in 54 countries. And so the first thing we're going to do is sort of what we did 7 years ago, 8 years ago, when we attacked our international business. Because our international -- when we were making $100 million a year, we were selling only pan-European. We already have local sales teams in every country. We have very good relationships with the distributors. We have infrastructure in every country. So the first thing we're going to do is get the -- take advantage of all of the infrastructure we have in place already, which we think will be very efficient and effective in driving the overall performance of Eurosport, both in terms of deals that we're able to get with distributors, because we package their between 1 and 4 channels in each of those countries with our 8 to 10 channels. Also, it will be very easy for us, at little or no cost, to be selling locally because we already have teams in place. And so we'll apply a localized attack, which will help both in terms of cost and revenue synergy. And then we'll take a look at the overall asset. The good news for us is, for the next couple of years, the cost of the content is quite stable at this point because they've locked in tennis, which is U.S. Open, the French Open, the Australian open. They've locked in cycling, which is Tour de France and the key cycling events, and Winter Sports. Those are kind of the 3 big pillars of Eurosport, and those are locked in, in terms of cost structure for the next couple of years. So the question then is, as we drive this asset on a cost and revenue synergy side, is there -- is that all we do and just build the brand and build the asset that way? Or are there opportunities in local markets, with distributors or other players, to enhance the business by getting more aggressive? But we're going to take our time. We love the asset. We think it complements our existing infrastructure. It also gives us more scale in every market. And one of the hidden assets of Eurosport is we own all of the IP of all of those sports in Eastern and Western Europe on every platform. And as you look at where the world is going, for the next 3 years, the world is probably not going to change that much, and we just got more people wanting to spend more money and more windows for our content, and that's the good news. But if the world does change, the more IP you actually own, the better strategically positioned you are. And so we own all of our content on our 20-year library. And now to be in a position where we have meaningful live sports that are very popular with key affinity groups that we own all of the rights to, and all that IP becomes a nice hedge asset for us and may be an important one in the years ahead as you look to offer some of those sports that are real affinity sports maybe directly to customers.
David M. Zaslav: I'll just start with the advertising market. It feels pretty steady. I wouldn't read into the slightly up on the cancellation. It's pretty steady as she goes. We feel like the market remains strong. Pricing is good. We're heading into an upfront with real strength across our channels. So we're feeling good about it. It's too early to tell where the upfront is going to go. This quarter is pretty steady, looking good. The advertising market remains pretty strong, and pricing remains quite good.
Andrew C. Warren: And Doug, regarding the question on Eurosport. At this point, we have received all of our regulatory approvals. So we're going through kind of standard closing procedures and processes, which is why we anticipate closing soon.
Andrew C. Warren: Sure. And on the first piece, we clearly would have had more acceleration in the second quarter ad sales with Everest. We do expect to still see some acceleration in the second quarter relative to the first, but as I said, we'll expect, overall, to be in the kind of mid single-digit range. With regard to free cash flow, look, we're definitely seeing some nice flow-through, as you say, and a big driver of that is tax. Even though 181 was a huge benefit last year, on an apples-to-apples basis, our focus on tax and deferred taxes and reducing our effective tax rate is really allowing us to see more and more flow-through. But for this conversation, we're still going to focus on the $1.2 billion plus of free cash flow for the year as we continue to invest in content and take a look at how do we strengthen our international portfolio.
Andrew C. Warren: And just to add, Dave, a little more color into that, look, the good news is, as David said, our audience share is up year-over-year and continues to grow. We still see some good scatter volume in the marketplace, and we still see scatter pricing up high single digits and low double digits relative to the last broadcaster front. On the challenging side, cancellations are up a little bit. Options are being taken a little bit more than prior year. So it's really going to depend on the scatter market and the ratings in the flagships, as Dave said, and, of course, how we do in the upfront in the next several weeks.
Andrew C. Warren: And just to add 2 points, Jessica, on the international front. As we talked about, a strategic imperative for us is to grow our base organic margins. And if you look at the first quarter, take out SBS and excluding foreign exchange, which was a negative year-over-year impact, we grew our base international margins 100 to 200 basis points. And as we look forward, second quarter, third quarter, fourth quarter, which includes SBS, we still expect to have, in that base, including SBS, margin growth and accretion year-over-year. So margin expansion is a key part of our strategy and a big piece of our operating imperative. And just to add to David's comments on SVOD, nothing about our current thinking that says it's going to be fourth quarter. As Dave said, it really depends on when the right deal and the right economics get done. That could be any time.
Andrew C. Warren: Look, on time -- on OWN, Todd, it was -- we couldn't be happier with how the asset's performing. The $30 million swing year-over-year on cash flow is just tremendous for us, and that's the metric that we most look at and most follow year-over-year. With regard to the other income, fourth quarter is particularly strong based on the recognition of some of the Time Warner deal that we got done. But the performance of OWN right now is ahead of our expectations, both from an earnings perspective, in particular, and a cash flow perspective. So right now, it's really all positive signs from the key metrics that we look at and the imperative, if it's delivering value for us.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, Todd, it should be a relatively small impact. I mean, some markets will be more meaningful, but overall, it will be a small impact.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, Michael, it's in line with expectation. It is their lowest-margin quarter of the year. Obviously, we didn't have the business consolidated with our results in 2013, but it's in line with expectations. And right now, SBS is performing in a kind of at or slightly better than we would've thought. The costs and synergies are better. The one thing that was arguably a little worse than we would've thought in the first quarter was the Olympic impact, particularly in Norway and Sweden. Given the performance of those athletes in those markets, there's a lot of ratings and viewership that went to those broadcast networks. But net-net-net, the asset's performing at or better than we had expected, and the first quarter is clearly their low point on an overall margin based on advertising flow and timing.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, Michael, for this year, given the timing of when we close Eurosport, it should be about $20 million. And on an annualized basis going forward, think about roughly $35 million of intangible amort.
Andrew C. Warren: Sure. On SBS, Richard, the growth, again, is in line with expectations. It was basically in-line flat to last year. Again, the Olympics impact was significant. For us, we expect to see some dilution of our overall top line growth just given the fact that it is a slower-growth asset. But again, we do think we're going to have meaningful margin accretion based on the performance of our synergies, both from the top line and cost. So the growth for that business should be slightly better than our expectation of deal case, which really speaks to the value and the multiple that we paid on a relative basis based on actuals is actually quite good and better than our due diligence and deal scenario. With regard to Eurosport, we're actually not going to highlight that specifically now. We will certainly, as we go forward, start highlighting the year-over-year variances. We'll speak more specifically to Eurosport and its performance, but right now, it's not something that we're going to highlight in any granular way.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, Michael, on the cancellation front, like I -- it's up slightly. I would say a year ago was probably below normal levels, and now we're kind of at normal levels, so it's a small uptick. Again, to David's point, it's certainly not a cause for big concern. On the overall organic OIBDA growth story, we're still very much in line with that high single, low double-digit growth for the year. 6% for the first quarter was depressed a little bit for a few reasons. One, if you look at our corporate costs, they were actually, on an apples-to-apples basis, flat year-over-year. We continued to focus on cost productivity and driving down our SG&A structures, and we've done that. But there were 2 items in the first quarter that did meaningfully impact our overall growth rate. First was around professional fees. We have spent a fair amount of money on our tax restructuring efforts, with great payback. You saw, in the first quarter, our effective tax rate was down to 34%. So we're definitely seeing traction on the effective and cash tax line. But it does cost some money to make those kind of organizational and structural changes happen. And so some of the cost is in the first quarter. The other piece was our founder, John Hendricks, an amazing man, retired in the first quarter. And so there was some cost associated with his retirement and some acceleration of compensation and equity that also impacted our results. So net-net-net, we're still very much in line with and believe strongly in our high single-digit to low double-digit overall organic profit growth story.
