Craig Felenstein: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Discovery Communications Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. Joining me today is David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Warren, our Chief Financial Officer. Hopefully, you have all received the earnings release. But if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Andy. After which, we will open the call up to your questions. [Operator Instructions] Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events, and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I'll turn the call over to David.
Craig Felenstein: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Discovery Communications 2013 Second Quarter Earnings Call. Joining me today is David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Warren, our Chief Financial Officer. You should have received our earnings release. But if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Andy. After which, we will open the call up for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Before we begin, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events, and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our annual report for the year ended December 31, 2012, and our subsequent filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I'll turn the call over to David.
Craig Felenstein: Thank you, everybody, for joining us today, and please give us a call with any follow-up questions in the office. We appreciate it. Thanks.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Craig. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Discovery delivered another strong quarter during Q2, as the strategic initiatives we have been driving across the company over the last several years are generating significant financial growth. At the same time, we are continuing to capitalize on the growth of pay-TV globally and a macro ad environment that remains healthy throughout the vast majority of the 200-plus countries we operate in. Discovery's consistent focus on investing in our global platform, building new brands and leveraging additional growth opportunities... [Technical Difficulty]
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Jessica. First, sorry about the technical difficulty there. International is -- it's encouraging in that the strength continues. The markets really haven't rebounded in Western Europe, and yet we're still growing 20% there. If -- as we look at Latin America, subscriber growth is continuing. In Eastern Europe, we're seeing some strength, as well as in Asia. And so we found a way through the cost of content. We spent some more money in the last couple of years getting our sales teams in place and building some real infrastructure. And so now, we're -- of the incremental dollars we're seeing, a lot of that is coming to margin. Working against that is the SBS acquisition, which we've indicated to you is going to have -- will give us some margin pressure for another few quarters. But overall, if this kind of growth continues, you'll continue to see the margins grow. But they won't be as high as the U.S., where we can feed to 100 million homes much more efficiently. But Western Europe in the aggregate is as big or bigger than the U.S. alone, and so we see international as a big opportunity for us. And as I've said before, if we can grow like this, when 2/3 of the countries we're dealing with are flat or in recession, we're not -- our expectation is not that those countries are going to turn. But if they did turn, you would see even more aggressive growth, and therefore, more aggressive margin expansion.
David M. Zaslav: Sure. Well, first, the upfront, we head into the upfront, really, with some good ratings momentum. Our ratings were up in prime time about 6%. But more than that, we have brands that are really resonating with viewers. OWN now being the #1 or #2 or #3 for African-American women. We have Velocity really starting to build a viewership with men. Animal Planet was the #30 or #40 channel in America for many years. It's now a top 15 network. And so we have a lot of networks that are on the upswing. I think you'll see some additional growth because it's -- ideas in that category, Destination America. These are channels that over the next 3 years, even if viewership was flat, will get CPM growth because the viewership that we're delivering -- there's a catch-up. But we did well on the upfront. We saw a mid to high single-digit as well as volume increase. So I do think we're outperforming the market. Joe Abruzzese and his team are very strong. We did get volume and we did get a lot of new advertisers in a number of our -- the networks that we've launched over the last few years, which is -- whether it's 30 new advertisers in OWN, abroad, a slot of new advertisers in Velocity and Destination America, more in Science. And so it's not just the volume, it's the quality of advertisers. So domestically, we feel good. Internationally, last quarter, we were at 20. This quarter, we were at 21. The market is continuing, maybe even getting a little better outside the U.S. for us. And so on the advertising side, we feel good domestically and we feel maybe even a little bit better internationally.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Doug. Well, first, we have been very effective in getting ID and TLC rolled out around the world. That was an objective of ours 2.5 years ago. And today, TLC is the most distributed women's brand in the world, over 165 countries, and ID is in over 160. But they've lapped themselves. So the growth that we're seeing now on ID and TLC is real, and it's an indication that crime is really working around the world. And in many of these markets, there hasn't been a strong women's network. So in Italy, we have a top 5 network for women, including the broadcasters there, and that network has been around now for over 2.5 years and continues to grow aggressively. And when we look at all of our free-to-air channels, we've lapped all of them. And so what you're seeing now is really core to our strategy. Now, we're investing more money in content. And we're doing it with confidence because we have a lot of returning series, and we're investing in brands that we think are resonating here in the U.S. and around the world. And so we're growing market share here in the U.S., about 6%. Outside the U.S., we grew market share over 20%. And again, that was pretty pure, and we feel like there's some meaningful momentum that we have in terms of our channels growing. And ads in the U.S., a lot of these channels that are 2, 2.5, 3 years old, we'll get the same kind of advertising lift as we're getting more and more on the agenda of the advertising market makers. Because in each case, it takes a few years. First, you want to have them come into your channel and then you get to drive up over a period of years the true CPM you should be getting.
David M. Zaslav: This quarter was quite small. But it's a freebie for us because with our 14 channels here in the U.S., we have deals that require the operators to launch all of our channels, non-analog channels, on digital when they distribute a digital box. We saw 2 or 3 years ago -- well, 4 years ago, when the economy was a little bit better that, that was -- there were significant growth. If the economy picks up, that will be a freebie, and we'll get some extra dollars because all of our channels get launched on digital when a new box rolls out. And for the rest of this year, you'll see some more Netflix come in. Netflix will be in the $75 million to $80 million, similar to what it was last year, only some of it came in so far. And last year, we did significantly less than 20%. So you're not seeing much of our new deal stuff, that will really kick in beginning next year. But yes, if, in fact, things picked up and there was more digital boxes deployed, that would be -- we'd be the immediate beneficiary of that.
David M. Zaslav: Sure. Well, look, I don't really think it's going to have an effect. We have a good relationship with both of those companies. Having them come together is probably a good thing for us. The focus is how strong are our brands and what kind of growth are we showing. 6.5 years ago, we were a little less than 4% of the viewership on cable. At this point now, we're more than 11%. And we have -- before, with the demographics that we were reaching, we're smaller. We have -- now, we have the #1 channel for Hispanic men with Discovery Español. We have a top -- we have 2 top networks for African-Americans, Oprah being at the very top and ID. The diversity of our audience is broader, and the reach of Discovery and TLC and Animal Planet are up. So I think as long as we continue to grow our audience, we're going to find that we're going to have a very receptive buyers, also because the marketplace is changing. The ability to reach a broad audience is more and more on cable. And so the 30% CPM differential -- 30%-plus that advertisers are paying for broadcast feels a little softer. And so it's one of the reasons why our volume picked up in the upfront. It's one of the reasons why we've been doing better in scatter, and I think if our market share continues to grow and the audiences that we can deliver, whether it be Wallenda, where we get 13 -- where we have the #1 cablecast of a show for last month, or whether it's Sunday night on TLC, we can deliver big numbers. The justification for the 30% to 35% discount to broadcast seems more challenged, and I think will attract more dollars.
David M. Zaslav: Sure. Thanks, Ben. We sold about 55%, so it's pretty close to what we did last year, maybe a little bit more. The overall strategy was to get better advertisers into those brands so that they could see the value of it. The good news for us on Destination America and ID is they skew very female and very strong on the DR during the day. The real gain for us with these brands that are growing aggressively is to get the CPM up. And so we're not so keen to increase volume. We're much more keen, over the long term, to increase price. As a backstop, we do pretty well with DR, but we've been able to get that price up and we still think it's going to take us 2 to 3 years, but we would give up and we have in the last 1.5 years the option of taking more money and we've leaned toward getting more price. In the long term, if -- ID is the #5 network in daytime and late night and it's the #9 network in America. There's very, very significant upside for us, if we can get the CPM to where it should be, much more so than taking 10% more dollars at a lower price. And so we feel good about the fact that we're very successful in getting more quality advertisers spending time with those brands, and we think that's going to help accelerate the strategy of ultimately higher pricing and much more economics in those channels over the next few years.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Rich. First, our agreements are clean. We own all of our content, and we have a right to sell our content to anyone that we want to. I think that's probably, at least for the next few years and particularly now, there's probably never been a better time to be in the content business. That was an argument 4 or 5 years ago, in this tug-of-war between content and distribution, which one is going to be more successful. I think as you look at the dollars that have moved into content and the successful -- and the success that content players have had with distribution, I think you have to say that distribution has been a must-have. And so for us, at least, with Amazon and Netflix on the SVOD with TV Everywhere, which the cable guys want, along with the fact that this is a very competitive market, you have 2 satellite guys, 2 phone guys and a cable guy, I think if there is -- there very well may be consolidation, although there already has been, there may be more consolidation. But we think we'll be able to continue to get significant -- do very well and get significant increases. A big piece of it is, how are we doing? How are the channels doing? Are more people spending more time with your channels? And the people that have your channels, do they feel activated by it? Do they feel emotionally connected to the channels? And so that's the journey we've been on. We are up to 11% of viewership on cable from a little less than 4% several years ago. But more importantly, we have activated people that love science. Discovery is still the #1 most valued brand on cable, and that's from the cable operators survey this year themselves. And so with our brand stronger, our reach larger and the fact that there's a competitive market, I think you'll see us continuing to do better. Some of these additional sales of content are incremental to us and very high margin, if not dropping all to the bottom line because we own all of our content. And to the extent that there is an Intel or there is over-the-top players that end up coming into the space, we are platform agnostic. And if the business plan -- the business model works, it's just somebody else bidding up for the ability to offer our content to viewers, so that's a good thing.
David M. Zaslav: It really depends by region. A lot of Western Europe looks a lot like the U.S. The U.K. looks a lot like the U.S. There's a lot of -- pretty flat. But then there are a number of markets like Russia where there's only 35% penetration, where there's very substantial growth and HD is first rolling out. There's an overall aggressive pitch to the C class in Latin America, which is providing -- still providing a lot of growth. Mexico is still only 42% penetrated, Brazil only 26% penetrated. In Asia, we're seeing a significant amount of growth in India. So it's a mixed bag. But in the aggregate, we grew our sub base, just the pure sub base, 12% from a year ago. And so we still see very significant growth. And in some countries, it feels a lot like the U.S. did 10 years ago, where we're seeing sub growth, advertising growth, CPM growth and viewership growth. And so those are the markets like Brazil, like Mexico, like Russia where you -- where it's very attractive.
David M. Zaslav: It's massive. What you find in a lot of the markets is that there's 2 or 3 broadcast players that dominate the market. Now this isn't true of all, but in a number of markets. When you go to Europe, you hear power ratio everywhere you go. And you're looking at this formula of the value that you're getting. Here, we're discounted by 30% or 35%. There, we may be discounted by 70% or 75%. If you look at the overall -- one of the things that made SBS so attractive to us is that we had this huge power ratio deficit in all those markets by just being a cable player that had 5% share. So by doing that deal with SBS and emerging in Norway with 40% share or in Denmark with 36% share, we get the piggyback on their power ratio. So that's why we've formed the joint sales team there, which we're starting to do now. And our view is we can go out with all of our packages together. They're getting much more dollars for their cable networks, even ones that were getting lower ratings than ours. And so the package together gives us that lift. And as our market share grows, we continue to eat away at that power ratio issue. And finally, as cable becomes gestationally more attractive because the younger generation is spending more time watching cable versus broadcast, you see that phenomenon. It's slower, but you see what happened here in the U.S. That when you want to reach younger viewers in the 18 to 30 group throughout Europe, then cable becomes more attractive, and maybe you have a little bit more leverage to drive pricing.
David M. Zaslav: So Anthony, I think the -- from our perspective, there's pretty good alignment in how we run the cable business and then how we approach these different windows, which is the more quality shows we have with great characters, the better our storytelling, the more people are going to be spending more time with our channels, the more valuable we're going to be in the SVOD universe, in the TV Everywhere universe and in the long tail of our library. So the fact that Discovery now has a big hit in Naked and Afraid on Sunday night and a big hit with Fast N' Loud and Deadliest Catch last night did over a 2 2 and won the night, including beating the broadcasters in the male demo. All of that, I think, is good. On TLC with Honey Boo Boo and Long Island Medium and Breaking Amish or great shows on Oprah with Tyler having 2 big hits on Tuesday night, being a top 5 network for women with the Haves and Have Nots. All of that, I think, helps us when we sit down with cable operators and it helps us when we sit down with Reed or with Amazon and they say, "Okay, what do you got?" And so the more shows that we have that people are spending more time with, I think the better our hand. And we have more shows now that have a story arc, which I think helps us. To the extent that we're building shows like Gold Rush, Breaking Amish, those are shows that have a longer story arc and it's way too early to tell. But so far, we haven't seen any degradation in audience from content that we've given to the SVOD window. And we're starting to think that the story arc shows on that platform may actually help viewership of the new seasons when they come out. And so it is something that we think about that maybe these story arc shows can be creating more value for us. But I do think bigger hits that have more traction with viewers and bigger characters that the viewers love are important, and that's -- we're moving in that direction and having some success.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Alan. It was in the 40% to 42% range a few years ago. And so it's now in the 30% to 35% range. You're seeing more and more. I think Josh at AMC has done a great job. FX has done a great job. I think we've done a great job. Almost across the board, Turner, we're all finding major audiences, which chips away at that mindset that the way to reach a big audience is broadcast. So I think it's just going to take time. I think we make progress in every upfront. The fact that we can get mid to high single-digit CPM increase and drive -- and get more volume is, that's sort of a way of saying that we're chipping away at that. So I think it's going to take some time.
David M. Zaslav: It really depends. It depends on how the agreements are written. So sometimes on acquisition, they would pick up -- if the bigger guy has a lower rate, they'd pick it up. And sometimes, they don't, depending on how the agreement is written.
Andrew C. Warren: And just to add, Jessica, to that for a second. For the third quarter, where our line of sight is obviously much, much better, we think we'll have low double-digit growth in the U.S. And for the fourth quarter, where today, cancellations and options are kind of at or below historical levels, we certainly have some good momentum there as well.
Andrew C. Warren: It is. It includes, Doug -- we've finalized the purchase accounting adjustments for SBS. And so when you go through the allocation, the purchase price, you allocate that value to both hard assets, like content and cash receivables; goodwill; and then the intangibles. And so that's the piece that we get amortized over time is the intangibles around distribution contracts, trade contracts, et cetera, that's the piece that now we've finalized and that's the piece that has about $130 million of amortization impact this year.
Andrew C. Warren: That's right, Todd. We said that the negotiation is staggered. So roughly 20% a year starting in 2012 through the remaining 5 years is when you kind of have these renewals. We do expect this year about 5% a quarter. Because again, last year, we only did 20%. This year, we'll do another 20%, and that's at year end. So we think staggering would create roughly a 5% for this year.
Andrew C. Warren: Okay. Ben, on the first one, yes, that number is significantly impacted by the consolidation of predominantly SBS, but also Switchover Media. We do anticipate for the full year '13 our kind of apples-to-apples content spend to be up in the mid-single digits. So clearly, a lower run rate than we've had the last couple of years as the number of original hours and launching new channels is largely behind us. And so now we're at a different kind of run rate. So clearly, the SBS was a big impact there. On the 6% to 5% affiliate growth, it really is more of a one-off, onetime item there that drove that increase -- the decrease down to 5%.
Andrew C. Warren: The amortization does taper off a little bit next year and in following years. But the amortization, that intangible for SBS, goes out several years. So it's about $40-plus million a quarter this year and a little over $30 million a quarter next year. So you do see a little bit of tapering, but it's still has a meaningful amount of amortization for the next several years.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes. The SVOD number for this year does not include any new deals. It only is deals that have already been completed or extended.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes. It's a little bit of it. I mean, clearly, we're seeing some strong strength in scatter. It's still 20% above what we garnered in the upfront last year. And so while there's a little bit of an improvement based on the Olympics last year, this low double digits that we've highlighted for the third quarter is a little bit of that, but mostly just strong ratings, strong CPM and overall momentum of the overall sales.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes. Barton, just to add 2 comments to that. The -- for the second quarter, we had this high amortization. And even though, as I said, the content spending growth for this year will be kind of mid-single digits, so you'll certainly see the amortization come down over time. And so most importantly, you'll see our incremental margin on profit growth and revenue growth in the future will be much higher. So we have a bit of this anomaly now of an amort catch-up based on productive and successful content spending the last couple of years. But as that content spending abates, and as I said, this year being mid-single digits, you'll see the expense come down, and therefore, we'll have a much higher uptick on the incremental margin for additional dollars, particularly internationally.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes. Well, look, most importantly for OWN, as we know, they did in the second quarter way ahead of schedule, actually have a net paydown of debt and positive cash flow. OWN has a similar situation we have, where there's a higher amount of amortization, and that impacts their net income line, which is what we pick up. So you'll definitely see a positive earnings out of OWN in the second half of this year. And so we'll have that positive equity pickup on our line, as well as continued paydown of debt in the second half as well. So the OWN story continues to evolve, and we definitely see a positive momentum and more importantly, some big second half numbers.
