David M. Zaslav: Okay, thanks, Doug. In terms of acquisitions, we have a great balance sheet. And we have a real opportunity with our existing platforms to grow organically, and we've been doing that over the last several years. The idea of buying additional assets is we're always opportunistic, but we were looking for the past 6 years, and it took us 6 years to find Eurosport and SBS and Switchover. The real focus for us is we're only going to do an acquisition if we think we can grow as fast or faster, as well as having real strategic value for us. So we will continue to look. If we find assets that meet that formula, we'll go ahead. But in the meantime, though we have -- we've expanded our platform dominance. And we're doing a better job, I think, than we ever have creatively in terms of populating our channels with great storytelling and strong characters and growing our market share, so I feel like we're in very good shape right now. And we'll see if anything else comes up. In terms of priorities, I think the #1 priority is to continue to grow market share. We are unique in our approach. And in the last year alone, we increased our investment in content by $200 million. But we did grow our market share last year by 8% in a market that was flat. The year before, we grew 3%, and the year before, we grew 7%. So as we look at this company, the focus is to continue to deploy capital to take full advantage of the fact that we have 14 channels here in the U.S. And as you look around the world, we have better -- we have a better platform portfolio than anyone. This past year, we grew 25% market share outside the U.S., including launching a number of new channels, where we're using our existing content. And so if we can continue to grow our market share and continue to create an environment where we have the best creatives working with us to build our brands, you're going to see a significant amount of growth because there's more and more windows for our content, and there's more and more platforms for us to put it.
David M. Zaslav: Well, last year -- we've taken it up significantly over the last 5 years. And because we had so much success last year, as you look at Discovery, Animal Planet, ID, TLC, the success that we've had, including at Science, we have a lot more returning series than we've ever had. And returning series that are really, that are freshman or sophomore. So we don't have a lot of older series in our portfolio right now. And so because of that, you will see this year that we'll be relatively flat. And that will be significant because we won't have to go out fishing as much to find new content for 2 reasons. One, our creative team, I think, is better than we've ever had, and we understand our brands and what the viewer is looking for on each channel. But also more importantly, we have a lot of returning series, more than we've ever had, on each channel. So we're in this odd moment where we could spend about the same amount of money and get a lot more creative content because remember that within our business model, when we have series that work, we own those shows for the long haul. So the additional costs of those shows in Season 2, 4, 5 is -- there is no opportunity to come back and really leverage those, and so that's a real opportunity for us. So it will level off, Doug, and I think that, that will help with -- you see a big pickup in amortization this year, you'll see that level off significantly because we're going to be tapering down, but I think we'll taper down and we'll accelerate market share.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Ben. I do think we're very well positioned for these discussions. Six years ago, our market share was about 4% on cable. Today, it's about 10%. We have a lot more channels that are -- that have niche audiences, that are -- that feel that our channels are very -- and brands are very important to them. So that -- and all of our deals come up at the same time, as we've discussed. So I think we have a very good hand. We also have a very good equitable argument with distributors because we've spent a lot more on content as our market share -- has grown. And I think all of our distributors would agree that our channels have become much more important. The viewership is up, they are making more money selling them. So it was a very good backdrop. For this year, there were just very few deals that came up. We said the deals were going to be coming up over the next -- last year and over the next 5 years. This year, it was a smaller percentage. And so we did very well in terms of getting increases in fees, well above where -- what are -- what's in our existing deals, which is 4% to 5%. In addition, we were able to get more distribution for a number of our channels, which doesn't -- which helps us. When you take a look at ID, that was in 55 million homes, and it's now in over 80 million. That's becoming a big asset for us. Science, that was in 45 million homes. That's in over 70 million now. So we get the increase in rate, we then get paid on those channels that get rolled down, and then we get additional ad revenue on the viewership of those channels. But you won't see a significant bump this year because the scale of the deals that came up were just small. And we always mention that they feather in over the next 4 years. So I think if we do -- we expect that we'll do as well going forward, and you'll see more of it in '14 and '15 as more deals come up. And one other thing. We did not give any TV Everywhere rights as part of these deals, which I think is -- was important for us. We couldn't determine what the right value was. And it was amicable, but we agreed in this case to table it. I think there's a decent chance we'll do some TV Everywhere deals over the next few months. But the good news is there is no distributor in the U.S. that has TV Everywhere rights for our content. And given that we are almost 10% of viewership on cable, I think that, that is a very valuable opportunity. And it's a good opportunity for us because TV Everywhere is -- it's measured on computers, it'll be measured on pads soon, and it provides a good economic model that's measured -- that will be measured for us.
David M. Zaslav: Correct. And now having said that, if TV Everywhere -- we could do TV Everywhere this year as a separate basket of consideration. Or there could be deals that are up next year, the year after, in 2015 or '16, where a distributor wants TV Everywhere rights, where we could either do it independently, or we might decide to roll forward a whole new deal as part of that. But assuming that, that doesn't happen, then it'll feather in over the next couple of years.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Todd. I'm going to give a -- just a quick on international and then pass to Mark Hollinger, who's the CEO of our International business. We had -- you saw we had 18% growth in advertising. The fact that we're in 210 countries, yes, there was some softness in France and Germany, but on the other hand, we had so much market share growth, where we grew 25% market share that we were able to continue to grow. And you have subscriber growth in the aggregate of about 12%. So we have a lot of winds at our back. There's a number of markets, particularly Latin America and India and Russia, that feel a lot like the U.S. in -- back in the early '90s, where you're gaining market share, more and more advertisers are coming on, and we're well positioned. The reason we're doing so well in Western Europe is we have an odd and effective strategy on free-to-air. We use it as a compliment in a few markets, but we have existing content that's already paid for in-language, so we're really -- we get a broadcast network in a market that doesn't have high paid penetration. And then we're able to basically gain market share by putting on a lot of content at very, very low cost. But Mark's done a great job last year. I think we outperformed certainly our expectations, and we're accelerating now into 2013. Let me pass it to Mark.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, David. Look, Animal Planet was really, I think, the breakout surprise for last year. With all of the effort that we made in -- over the last 6 years and even the years before I got here, it was a channel that everyone said that they loved but not a lot of people watched. And so we built a very strong creative team led by Marjorie Kaplan, and we invested money for the last several years trying to find the audience and grow the channel. And candidly, we had our ups and downs. But before this year, we were really struggling with how do we get this from being the #35 channel, #40 channel, in America to something that's more meaningful because we were able to get much lower CPMs on this channel, and the viewership has been low. And Marjorie has really broken through. This -- the channel is now a top 20 channel in America. On Sunday, Marjorie had 2 shows that were the top 20 shows. It was the #1 channel in our portfolio on Sunday. There's a number of series that have a lot of traction. The demo has converted from being more female to more male and young and quite attractive. The good news and bad news is we have a very good audience now, and it's compelling. It helps us strategically in fighting against the other non-fiction channels like Geo and HISTORY, both of which do a good job, but having a successful Animal Planet helps that. The bad news is that our CPMs are still low on Animal Planet. But the good news is that over the next 2 to 3 years, you'll see us continuing to get a premium and catching up. It's going to take some time. We're already starting to do better. The advertisers are excited about our success. So in the cycle, that will be a CPM [Audio Gap] it's over a period of time. And it -- more so than even TLC, the success of Animal Planet we'll take around the world, and we've already started to. So part of that 25% market share growth is we got better and better content that works well around the world, moving. ID, as we've talked about often, is still on the backside of its CPM entitlement. And if ID didn't grow at all in terms of viewership over the next 2 years, we would -- you would see very substantial growth because of the CPM. During day time, ID is a top 10 network, sometimes it's a top 5 network in America. And the amount of women that it's delivering is very valuable, and we're way underpriced still, although we're making progress. So both of those, we think, are going to be a helper. On OWN, we're ahead of where we thought we'd be on rating. Oprah's doing a great job. Beyonce will be on this Saturday. You saw what we did with Lance, and we took that all over the world. We said we'd fund less in 2012 than we did in 2011, we did. Everything is moving in the right direction. Maybe most importantly, this was a channel that had no sub fees, or virtually no sub fees, when we entered into this business. And today, we've done deals with every operator in America, except for one, paying sub fees that started on January 1, and so we feel very good about it. Oprah is really energized. And we got Tyler Perry working with us, one of the great talents in the media business, and he's working very hard on a comedy and a drama. He has actually started shooting. He was -- has sent me some pictures. Oprah was in the control room yesterday with him in Atlanta, very -- so OWN is going very well. And Andy will talk to you about when we'll update you.
David M. Zaslav: When we're looking at doing a deal, it's really how do we get the most value for our overall package. I guess our preference would probably be straight line. If a distributor wanted to give it to us in some other way because it was more beneficial, we certainly -- we could just tie in value back-end, front-end, to make a determination. The deals that we've done have been straight line so far. And so I think you'll see it flow in evenly.
David M. Zaslav: Rich, it's hard to tell. I think that we have subscriber growth flat in the U.S. We have viewership flat in the U.S. The one win that we have at our back right now is the fact that there is still a 32%, 33% CPM differential between broadcast and cable. They do deliver, in general, a bigger audience, but that's becoming less and less so. When we put Gold Rush on, on Friday night, we're the #1 network in America. We beat the broadcasters. When we put on Honey Boo Boo or Breaking Amish or Long Island Medium on TLC, we could be #1 with women 18 to 34, 18 to 49. So clearly, the justification for the CPM differential is eroding. Having said that, these things take time. We haven't seen any significant step differential, but we have seen more money coming to cable, and we have seen that spread every year get a little smaller, which is to our advantage. That's the wind at our back. We're always making the argument that we're delivering bigger audiences and we should be getting more money. Alebrije [ph] does a great job at that, and we'll continue to bang on that door. The good news is I think you'll probably see over the next couple of years that will be the sustained wind at our back as we continue to grow market share as an industry, that more of the dollar should come to us at some better pricing.
David M. Zaslav: Here's what we've learned so far. Netflix and Amazon have been great partners for us. We have a unique deal with them in that our content -- the content we'd put on there is older. We were conservative coming in, but we did -- we were able to move a lot of content onto those platforms. And we put our brand on. Any time you look at a show from us, you'll see our brand. We spent the last 1.5 years taking a look at how is our content consumed and what impact does it have. The good news is we don't see any degradation. It's way too early to tell, but in our type programming, in shows like -- a show like Gold Rush or Deadliest Catch, there's an argument that people consume that, consume a whole season. They might consume a season from 3 years ago, and then they want to see the new season. So if anything, we think there may be a little bit of a helper with that, but I think it remains to be seen. The good news for us is that as our market share has grown, I think we've become even more attractive. As the number of hit series we have across all of our portfolio have grown, I think we've become more attractive, and it's been a very effective window for us. There are some series that surprise us. There's a couple of things that aren't on Discovery or TLC anymore that do quite well, and I think that falls into that kind of the campy -- it'll really surprise you sometimes what people will watch on a rainy Saturday afternoon.
David M. Zaslav: Well it's 2 things. One, it needs to be -- we feel like it needs to be measured. So right now, if anybody is viewing our content, if we broadly deployed it and people were viewing our content on pads, it wouldn't be measured. So one of the attractions of TV Everywhere is that your content could be viewed on other platforms, but it is measured. It's measured by Nielsen, and you could accumulate the fair value for it. That's one. But two, if distributors are offering our content on other platforms, and the fact that they are able to do that enhances the experience that a consumer has with their distributor, whether it be Comcast or Time Warner or Charter, if in addition to getting their phone and their broadband, they also have TV Everywhere and they can watch on any device and if it has an effect on the way they feel about the distributor, if it has an effect on the churn, it's not clear exactly what the value is, but the value -- there is real value in us providing that, and the operators agree with that. And we just need to figure out how to apportion that value. And we haven't yet agreed on how to do that.
David M. Zaslav: Okay, let me start with Discovery. Because I don't think Discovery has ever been more on-brand. If you take a look, we have Africa running on Tuesdays, which is very core to what we are. We have Gold Rush, where we're going out to Alaska and learning about how to mine for gold. Moonshiners, we have a number of -- we have Curiosity on Sunday nights. So the balance of specials together with real series about adventure and survival, we're in this perfect balance right now. Breaking -- Amish Mafia, which is on Discovery, and has been very popular, it is on-brand. It's -- as you think about how people live in America and around the world, what are the different societies and subcultures, that's certainly part of it. But as you look at the bull's eye of Discovery, it is things like Gold Rush and Curiosity, as well as a lot of our Survival, which we still have and will have more of. MythBusters. So we feel right now that Discovery is in a sweet spot. We do have a great creative team. Eileen O'Neill, who runs Discovery and TLC, really spent -- she's been running it now for 3 years. It took about 1.5 years to figure out what is Discovery when it's at its best, who is the audience, how do we build it? And you saw our strategy of standing down during the Olympics and then coming forward with our best creative series after that. And we -- so far, it's been no looking back. Obviously, there's ups and downs in this business. And creatively, every show isn't going to work. But I think Discovery, from a brand perspective and from a viewer perspective, is the best it's ever been.
Andrew C. Warren: Todd, regarding your 2013 debt and interest question, as you've heard us say before, we're very focused on a gross leverage ratio of 2.5x to 3x. So given the EBITDA growth we are forecasting for '13, as well as the SBS transaction, we do think we'll have about $1 billion of additional debt, year-end '13 versus year-end '12, and therefore, about $50 million of additional interest expense as well in '13 than '12.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, David, just to give you some more thoughts on that. It was about a year ago that we said we would have funding in '12 less than '11. And as you said, the second half of '13 would be cash flow neutral. We couldn't feel better about the momentum and the results we have today. As David said, we achieved our financial objective for '12 funding, it was less than '11. And I've mentioned, we have -- really gives us a real line of sight to some very positive results out to 2013. So it is a big driver of our improvement. And EPS and the other income line will be significantly improved this year versus last. We will throughout the year give you all an update on the results, and particularly on the second half view, which we see now as being a debt reduction and a pay-down of our debt obligation, particularly in the second half of this year.
Andrew C. Warren: Jessica, we're clearly not going to give any forward-looking viewer guidance on how the affiliate growth is going to look. But 2012 was a good year. The growth of those deals was good. The standard distribution, as David mentioned, was good for us, especially on the emerging nets. So we're not going to give any forward look, but at least the first year of that 5-year cadence was productive.
Andrew C. Warren: Look, we don't -- we're not going to disclose specifically. But in general, our international deals tend to be about somewhere in the 3-year range shorter than the U.S. In the U.S., our deals have historically been in the 5-year range. There are some of the players in the market that we've seen have gone longer than that. It's something that we will look at, and whatever -- if, in fact, there is value there, we would go longer or we might go shorter.
Andrew C. Warren: Domestic, Michael, would be probably in the, long term, 50% to 60% [ph] range, especially given the higher content amort that we talked about. Content amort, that catch up relative to the cash spend in the last couple years, as I said, it's going to be in the low to mid-teens. So that certainly will have an impact on that, but we still expect solid flow-through of margin domestically.
Andrew C. Warren: Sure, Alexia, it's Andy. We do have a third-year extension on that, and the predominance of that revenue would be probably recognized in the second quarter, with some as well in the third. It really depends on the timing of when the content is delivered to Netflix, but think in terms of predominantly 2Q and some in the third quarter.
Andrew C. Warren: We're not going to quantify specifically, but it's a significant amount, and it's certainly in line with the total SVOD in 2012.
Andrew C. Warren: Alan, regarding your digital question, it is yet to be determined as actually which titles will be delivered this year. But broadly speaking, think in terms of a flat revenue, digital revenue in '13 versus '12.
