David Zaslav: Historically, we’ve gotten most of our growth by gaining market share. And when you take a look at our international results now and as we look going forward, we think we’ve really turned the corner around our accelerating. Our market share is growing broadly. And now on the advertising side, we see mid single, which is a real acceleration. In the affiliate, we see low single. So we’re back to being a growth business again. The Scripps content is starting to work in some markets really quite well. But I'm going to pass it on to JB as we talk about how we think we’ve made this turn. It's been a lot of hard work. And JB is on the ground running that business.
David Zaslav: This team is really impressive. The Scripps transaction has really worked. We’re now free and clear of that. We have some more synergies coming through. But we were at about $1.4 billion of free cash flow, they were at $700 million. And I’ve been saying for a long time that this transaction, if we could really execute; makes us a free cash flow machine and set out a target of $3 billion that we would more than double our free cash flow; and the execution to be in a position now we’re a year ahead; we’re below 3.5 times levered, $2.8 billion in cash, $300 million on transactional related costs; and being in a position now to have full flexibility of investing in our business of looking at acquisitions. There's loads of companies now that we have the flexibility to be looking at strategic assets that are sustained -- that provide sustainable growth, buyback and de-levering a little bit more. We’re going to be generating lot cash. And so we don’t see anything major. We love where we are right now; we don’t see any major M&A; but the idea that we have all this cash and we have an ability to use it strategically in an unencumbered way around the world. It's just an exciting moment for the company.
David Zaslav: When we look at IP, we've worked very hard over the last five years to transition into really compelling IP, and what will people pay for before they’ll pay for dinner is our mantra. And that’s been a guide post for us. The excitement for us is that Netflix getting to 250 million subscribers it is they created a road and a path where people get used to paying for content. And 50% of what people watch on TV is scripted series and scripted movies, and they’re going to be able to gorge on that stuff. There's loads of opportunities from $7 to $15, and it will go up over the next couple of year. And people will probably have one, two, three of those and they're going to love them. And maybe they’ll churn between them based on who has the great series or who has some great movies. But that’s 50% of what people love. There's another 50% of what people love and that’s what we have. And there is really nobody in our space. Yes, Hulu is doing a few food shows and Netflix does some stuff, a little bit of natural history. But all of the BBC content is coming off of Netflix. And the ability to create series and new big event programming Planet Earth 3 is coming to us globally everywhere in the world and the next Blue Planet is coming to us, our ability to use all of that IP. But in addition to that, those brands stand for big entertainment that’s why people buy them. They want to see the great series Mrs. Maisel, Game of Thrones that’s the business that they’re in. We’re really much more in two different businesses, we think Natural History can be massive, every family, everyone in the world should want to have this. And as I’ve said, it will be less than $5 but it’s a product more and more is about learning, being smarter, being aware of the planet, this young generation cares deeply about what’s going on. And we’re going to be documenting the planet. And we’ve gotten huge feedback from lots of players that say they want to be part of this in front of the screen and behind the screen. But then when you look at some of these sub-groups, whether its food or home, we have a tremendous amount of talent that are affiliated with this, and we think we could build real ecosystem. We’re doing with cycling now. We’re doing it with Golf. We think we can do it with food. We think we can do it with home design. And so it’s great that they want to play a little bit in this space, but we feel very comfortable. We also know how hard this is. Loads of people are playing in the crime space. Loads of people have tried to play in the food space. We are self-strided at the TLC. After several years, we ended up with one show. And Ken Lowe and the Scripps team they know who are the best producers in food and they know -- they work through all the best talent. They have a fine team online that they build up. And so in each of these areas, we have a real expert team working with great producers, many of those producers only work with us because our production in each of these areas are so strong. So I think it’s a wide open field for us. And ultimately, we should be able to build significant businesses around all of them. I think the biggest one being Natural History and Factual as a global initiative that has really driven by family values. And then whether it’s the games, or opera, or food, or home, or crime, I think we have a real, real opportunity. And it’s exciting, because everybody is chasing that same ball and we like the best of the field and we’re seeing it with Golf and cycling already that it’s meaningful.
David Zaslav: Jessica, so you've got all the questions. You’re covering the gamut. The upfront looks -- we finished our five city tour. We hit the upfront as strong, or stronger than we’ve ever been. We have top, the top four channels for women, we were the number two TV company in America in terms of reach, now we’re number three but only by a smidgen with Disney pulling in Fox, they were a little bit bigger than us. But we are one of the three big scale players in the marketplace. And so the upfront feels pretty good, scatter is strong that’s accelerated. We feel stronger probably in all ways that it has. We don’t know how long it’s going to last. But the last few weeks have been very, very good, some of it maybe that there is a lot of underperformance at the broadcast and some other and some other places in the cable industry. And so there is not a lot of inventory out there, a lot of people have a lot of make goods. So I don’t know whether we’ve been getting a unique advantage or whether that’s the current situation. But we also have, as we go into the upfront, we think we have a unique advantage, which is if not a good it’s a baddy for us, but it’s a goody if we can turn it. And that’s that you look at two guys in front of us their prime CPM is $55 plus. CBS's prime CPM is $55 plus, and so is Fox. So we got the four players around us in price at $55 plus. We’re aggregating audience in prime across our networks. That’s bigger than all of them and we’re at a fraction of that. And so that’s always been the case with cable. But now I went myself and that with every major agency and I’ve been meeting with clients, saying, broadcast is terrific and you can do the $55 and the $55 plus, whatever the increase is and the upfront whether it’s seven, eight, nine, 10. But you could also move some money that where you’re paying $56, $58. And we can give you a spot where you reach everybody at once across all of our -- across our top six networks. And we can deliver 20% of women in America. We can deliver 20% of prices. And we could do unique things with our advertising. And so how quickly that will happen remains to be seen. I’ve been all over it. I’ve been all over the city. We’re starting to get some traction. And the final thing is that the broadcast inventory, in general, as you go between the rating decline that they're on together with the fact that there’s more sports and broadcast. Broadcast prime is shrinking. So that’s a real goodie for us. And then we have DGO, which our authenticated apps where we’re doing better than anyone else, because we have passionate affinity groups that have downloaded those apps and are spending -- a young generation spending a lot of time. So I think we’re probably as well positioned as anybody right now, and we’ll just have to see how the market plays out.
David Zaslav: Well, first, Discovery is a primarily series-driven product. It tends to be the number one channel for men around the world. And as you look at our audience, the majority of our audience right now is coming from series. We’re going to put in some -- we think we can get some meaningful upside on Discovery around the world and really super-nourish the brand by bringing in some more meaningful blue-chip content with this BBC relationship, as well as some other blue-chip that we’ve had in the work. And so we’ll put that on Discovery. And whether that blend is 90-10 or 80-20, it's mostly series with big tentpole content. The Natural History and Factual product is a little bit different, or a lot different. We have the entire BBC library. We have all of their titles. We have our blue-chip library. We have all of our space content, all of our stem content. We have the best largest science library in the world. And you have 5G coming into the home and the ability to see we did a series, When We Left Earth, which is an eight part series where we took all of NASA family library converted into HD, put together a comprehensive great documentary. If you like that you're then going to get recommended into another 150 different things series that you can learn more about space or podcasts. And so we see this as both entertainment and life learning. And it’s going to be really driven by -- and there is a whole piece of this, there is a generation that has reached out to us about helping with this idea of understanding what’s going on around the planet. And this stuff, if you look at Blue Planet 2 in the UK, it was the number one series, number one series for the entire year in the UK. And this content we think is very different, because it’s -- people aren’t going to be watching it and as a streaming product like they’re watching Gold Rush, and Deadliest Catch and Naked and Afraid -- Myth Busters. We have great, great content on Discovery and we think we can grow it. But we think this is a different an ecosystem, which will be nourished by families that want to see some of the greatest IP out there in terms of blue-chip, but then really do a real deep dig down on history and science and space, and create a place that people can hang out like you would with Netflix, very different than Discovery, or Animal Planet, or Science. But we will promote. We have those affinity groups that are spending time with us. And we’ll be pushing back and forth. But one is not a replacement for the other.
David Zaslav: The key is, before we were looking to drive scale. So big mistake. First, create a great product that people love. Create a Golf product that people say. And if you love Golf you don’t have this you crazy, this is the greatest thing. And that’s what we’re finding now with cycling. We have an ecosystem where people are telling each other, you’re not on this. This has everything you want around cycling. Then we can apply an aggressive subscriber acquisition program. But JB has been is on the ground around the world looking at the interest in Golf and balancing that with Peter on, as well as cycling and now the BBCPs, which JB was a driver on with me, because we both think it could be quite big.
David Zaslav: So two points there, JB just said it, but we’re bringing in Peter. And he brings in a team, including one of the top technology people from Amazon. And they created an attack team of -- look we got to make the products we have better. And so we de-play have a lot of great content, because we’re the major scale player in Northern Europe with free-to-air and cable. Improve the products from a two star product to better than a four star product. And we started to see acceleration with time people spend on it and with the number of people -- and the number of people that are recommending it. So I think our products are getting better, it’s a process. The other piece on digital is its just encouraging from a consumption standpoint. As I talk to my peers, they don’t have Discovery. They don’t have these DGO products. You can’t have DGO for general entertainment service. You have DGO, because people love food and they will authenticate and take a few minutes as cumbersome to get it on their device so they can watch all their favorite food shows, or all their favorite Discovery shows, their favorite home shows and it’s scaling in a meaningful way. We get a lot of data. They're spending more time on it. And the most important thing is that the average age is in the 20s. So what it says about us is yes the people that are watching HG, and food, and some of those channels are older. But by putting ourselves -- by having this authenticated platform, we’re seeing that a lot of young people really, really like our content and the advertisers are seeing it. So it’s a real plus for us.
David Zaslav: We look at everything, but we really like the company we have right now. There’s nobody -- the only thing in our way is ourselves and satisfying the consumer with something they love. And if we do that this global IP company is going to take off, because we now have a traditional business. You look at this quarter coming, we were mid single. When you look at our affiliate domestic and international and our ad domestic and international, four major metrics, four are up mid and one is up low. We got a growth business. And on top of that, we got a lot of great content. And so we feel good about that. The piece about advertising, we’re just way under -- we’re just punching the way under our way here. We're the third biggest TV company in America. And unlike tuning in for a series, people are watching HG and food like they watch Fox News or more, the length of view is higher. The largest length of view in America and the number one channel for women is ID we have. And with networks like Food and MotorTrend and HGTV, their advertisers that absolutely need to be on. So we are outperforming the marketplace with a great, great sales team. And so on traditional metrics, I believe we will continue to outperform significantly in a meaningful way, because we got a great team. We also have -- the second piece that we have is I think we got a great trend. Broadcast is going to decline much faster than one us. I think the board interest cable channels are going to decline faster, and people still loving spending time with us. But even though we have a great team and we’re outperforming the market, I look at it and say, we have real meaningful opportunity. The average CPM for broadcast is 55% and for us it’s $20, or less. And we can provide you -- so you can go to a broadcast and buy a 0.8 for $55 or $58 and you come to us and buy a four for 40% of that. So how do we capture that? We put together a program that I’m going hand-to-hand with Steinlauf and fighting for, to say, hey, I don’t do this as the favor to us, this is great for your clients. And here is the program that we can provide for you. And we’re messaging that. We’ve already gotten some money at much higher rates, but we wanted to be more scale. In addition, we’re not sold out anywhere close on all of our digital products. And we have a team that's great at selling linear and we’ve been doing -- we’re in on weekend working on this DGO product, its hell of a product. And we’re not sold out enough on it. It's great and people that are on it, they’re doing very well. So how do we drive sell out on digital. And then how we do -- we have to use the fact that we have these incredible audiences and the ability to put a spot across five or six of our networks and get a four, five or six. And so, I expect we will outperform the market in the traditional sense. Then we’re going to get better at doing our digital products and selling them out, which will give us some incremental growth. We have DGO, which nobody else has, which is accelerating. And then we have this value proposition of, hey, if 8% or 9% more on $55 for a 0.8 on a broadcast network, if that’s making you crazy, we got a great home for you here. And we got a great deal and we think we could deliver for you. So I think you're going to -- we see that acceleration already, but we’re going to the upfront really in a collaborative way this time. We’re already in deep conversation with a lot of people about these initiatives. And they’re listening, because the decline of broadcast is a big concern and we could be the answer to that, which could be a win-win.
JB Perrette: Alexia, as David said, when you look back a couple of years ago, it’s a great -- the growth rates of C&I. The international business is really driven by share growth, as David mentioned. And after a while having utilized a lot of the Discovery legacy content to its max that began to slow in part. And then what’s happened over the last six to nine months as we’ve gotten Scripps library ingesting and started to take more advantage of it, we’ve really seen content driving better audience share performance in a major way. And that’s really begun to turn the story around for us. And so as an example, in the UK, we had our best quarter ever from a share perspective. Unfortunately, the markets obviously from an advertising perspective are little bit of a mix bag. So the advertising market in the UK was still down mid single, but our shares were way up. And so while we’re not expecting a major turnaround in the marketplaces in some of the more challenged international markets, we'll make this feel particularly optimistic and positive about what’s coming is that our shares are growing, the Scripps content is working better and better and helping. And we’re also launching new networks. As for example, the launch of our free-to-air HGTV in June in Germany, the biggest end market in Europe, the doubling of our footprint from a penetration and the subscriber perspective on food in Latin America with the launch of HG in Latin America. And so we’re seeing the theory that we have talked to you about a year ago of utilizing the Scripps content working better across Europe and Latin America, in particular. And then as David referenced in his comments, in Asia, which has been a trouble spot for us candidly, we’re up content had been performing less well and maybe little less well of it. The great news is things like Golf has completely change the game for us. Where we weren’t having conversations or people weren’t engaging with us in the same way, now all the sudden with Golf, we’re having conversations -- active conversations in markets like Korea, which have been underrepresented by Discovery, historically, about launching new channels and new opportunities in that business, a lot of it drilling by that, the Golf product, as well as the coming BBC product, which also has enormous appeal, particularly in Asia, which has an overemphasis, obviously, on education and smart programming.
JB Perrette: I think that’s a good summary, Alexia. As I said, we’ll for the time being, also focus on bringing down leverage a little further to the lower end around 3 times rather than 3.5 times given where we are in the transformation. And other than that, our priorities haven’t change. We’ll continue to make all necessary investments in the business, drive future growth. We’ve talked about all the organic investments that we’re making and we’ll continue to balance that. I'm very, very happy with where we are. Keep in mind, it’s been 12 months, we’re down 1.2 turns on leverage, $2.8 billion cash flow generated in the first 12 months after closing the deal. So I think we’re in pretty good shape and have a very, very strong balance sheet at this point.
JB Perrette: The exciting thing we see from global opportunity is that these opportunities right now are still very early and very and we’re at the beginning. But it’s a playbook than we know extremely well. And if you think the Discovery playbook of taking products out of the U.S. and taking around the world, which has been our marquee for 30 plus years. The GC and cycling example, we have an English language product today that is working incredibly well where we are then doing exactly the same playbook we had where we’re launching in German, in Spanish, in Japanese and taking that same product around the world, utilization the discovery infrastructure to help localize it. And so I think the growth opportunity when you do that across the different opportunities, we’re just beginning to tap into what we think is going to be a very clean and robust global scaling of those products as we take them around the world.
JB Perrette: Rich, you've heard us. We’ve talked for a while about some of the challenges we face in the Nordics and Northern Europe, which have been some of the markets that have been most aggressively globally hit by sub level declines over the last several years. And we’ve been obviously finding that hard with pricing growth on ad sales and trying to get our digital products in better shape. And exciting thing for us in that market is we’ve finally seen over the last few months a return to growth, largely driven by digital, both ad and the fact that through Peter's work and his team's work, we’ve gotten our product in much better shape from two star rating to a four plus. And we’re starting to seeing subscriber growth really turnaround and turn that region back into a growth story, which has been -- and that’s the case for the last couple of years.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: I agree with all of that. And then, Jessica, I think one additional point is what you may see is that this evolves overtime. And we have that very unique position of having that global footprint in place with linear networks across the world. So for some of the deals that may be sublicensing elements in individual territory that’s the benefit that we have combining the total rights that we’re buying of our long deal terms, and owning our content and having their international complete global footprint in place. So from the perspective of our ability to exploit this content and contain the risks with some of the investments, I think it's the best position we could be in.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: So again as I said earlier in the call, we’re very confident in our mid single-digit guidance. In terms of assumptions, this guidance is always a probabilized estimate of all the various individual drivers that we’re seeing. Clearly, YouTube is helpful, you’ve pointed out, for MVPDs, in general. That’s clearly a helper, a helper this year. You’ve also seen -- and mentioned the traditional subscriber numbers that come out in the first quarter and that’s certainly working against the trend to some extent. But again, we have a lot of confidence. Our core networks in the first quarter have been down one. Obviously, continue to see larger numbers for the digital smaller networks. You can expect a little more support starting from the second quarter with YouTube rolling in, and that’s -- and we’ll take it from there.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Drew, two months ago when we reported fourth quarter earnings, I said that we feel very strong about our ability to generate cash flow. I'm very happy with the first quarter numbers. A couple of points as to remember that I pointed out when we reported 2018; we are going to see some more CapEx; and we are going to make those additional incremental investments in digital; and for what it's worth, we haven’t -- the incremental investment hasn’t been huge in the first quarter and there’s a lot coming through towards the second half of the year. I continue to see a total absolute dollar amount of $300 million to $400 million of negative impact on our P&L when we ramp up all the initiatives that we’re working on. But that being said, I also see a lot of opportunity. The restructuring expenses, as you know, are going to come down very significantly. So I feel very good about it. But as I said, when we have spoke last time, we want to maintain the flexibility, because some of those investments are going to be on different timing and there is some variability. So I don’t want to put out any specific guidance at this point. But I’m very, very confident.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And Doug, on your breakeven question, I totally understand the desire to get some support and modeling that’s out. Obviously, we have our business cases. We have discussion scenarios. We’re looking at all those questions from a management perspective. But we’re also realistic enough to know that we don’t have all the answers yet. And some of those assumptions are going to change as we go through the roll out, either because we’re learning or because we're actively making different decisions. If we find something is really starting to work really well, we might want to get behind it with additional content investments, additional platform, whatever. So I don’t want to have any expectation out there. So this is the number of sums we need to get to. That’s why we’re absolutely not at the point to communicate anything there yet. Operationally, that’s the second point. With Peter Faricy’s arrival, I mean he and the team are very focused on operating metrics on the consumer experience on engagement et cetera, much more at this point than financial metrics and taking about revenue growth and breakeven. We are seeing some first growth contributions, but that’s absolutely not a priority right now, and from a purely financial perspective that is perfectly fine for me. The way I look at this is we have a portfolio of very, very attractive initiatives. I think we have all the ingredients in terms of the content, the global footprint and most importantly, a very, very incredible team for these offerings. And I look at the overall financial envelop. I’ve given you guidance on how much of P&L loss we’re absorbing in 2019. And I look at this and I see that the number is small enough to be absolutely acceptable from a risk perspective and large enough to allow some of those initiatives to really start having a positive impact a year, two years, three years from now.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Rich, I think, number one, you’ve seen the numbers that have come out on the traditional side. One technical point is when we talk about sub losses on a quarter-by-quarter basis we’re looking at the end of the quarter numbers. So you’ve essentially had Sling and Hulu in the number for the fourth quarter. So you wouldn’t expect any incrementals outside of the growth of those platforms. And then clearly, YouTube has not come on yet, I think that’s the explanation for that discrepancy that you’re seeing there. And then regarding the size of the digital businesses, again, we don’t carve that out, it’s part of our reporting segments and its, I should say, that it's still very small in terms of absolute numbers. But given the contributions to growth and probably the most important point here is TV everywhere, our Discovery Golf platform, which we’re selling on an integrated basis with the linear traditional advertising. That’s been contributing to our growth quite nicely for now a year and a half, almost two year now. So, on a relative basis meaningful, I mean, JB, I think you also saw some very nice contributions in the Nordic from that…
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Ben, can I add one point to the question about the locale of our investments. Given that a lot of the stuff that we’re working on into direct-to-consumer space, what’s driving those $300 million, $400 million investment today as discussed, all of those are global in nature. So by that very nature, those are going to be internationally focused, because the U.S. is one market in 220 territories. So you should assume that a lot of that is going to hit the D&I P&L, both regarding initial start-up losses but also in the case of success obviously regarding growth rates. And then I also just want to be clear that when we talk about those investments, we feel very strong about what we have. There is no need for making any further investments. There is nothing coming through the pipeline that’s visible right now. So just want to clarify that as well.
