David Zaslav: Thanks, Steve. Well, we just did, as we said four big deals, three of them here in the U.S. The good news for us is our content is hugely over-performing. The not so good news for us is that our content is cheap, and so we've been able to get increases. I believe that we should be getting significantly more for our channels. We have the Number 1 channel in America and TLC where we're Number 2 or 3 in America for women. Aside from the news networks, you look at Food, HG, OWN, TLC, ID, our portfolio is extraordinarily strong and growing with characters and brands that people love, and they watch these channels like they watch Fox News all day. And so we're taking that into the upfront, but as we sat down with distributors, they recognize that we're providing huge value. They make a lot of money by selling them. So I expect we'll continue to do quite well in renewals that come in the future, but right now we're very stable and we're very happy about that. So we can get on with getting on. To your second point, which I think is an important one is that there are 30 million subscribers or more, maybe 33 million, that are broadband only. There are a lot of people that want to watch content with no commercials. And there are some strong players out there that have built a great road to this direct-to-consumer business. And we think we can get on that road, Netflix and Amazon and Disney Plus, it was hard work building behaviorally that road of getting people to pay for content and gestationally we're now like in the third or fourth inning, and people are comfortable with that. But those services are all scripted series and scripted movies. Effectively, they built a road and they all have great sports cars; fantastic and they're beautiful scripted series of scripted movies. We have a new SUV. Will be coming to you very soon with more detail and exactly how we're going to roll it out. But our SUV is filled with large fresh content, a huge amount of original content, and it comes at a time when people have been because of quarantine consuming and consuming Netflix and Disney Plus and Amazon, and hey what's on these different AVOD and SVOD services. And they've been picking at him and picking at him and picking at him. And so we think we will launch with a differentiated service, this new SUV, which people will unlike lot of these other products, they'll – this is – it's used, it'll be useful every day, all the time. It'll be dependable all the time and your friends and all the characters that you love, which really differentiates us fit in this new product, this SUV. There's plenty of room for everyone, all the characters that you love, your favorite brands, it'll be a great value, and the most important thing is it's going to be a terrific companion. And we think we got a great lane, it's almost like that lane is ours. If you have Netflix, if you have Disney Plus, if you have Amazon, if you have any video product who wouldn't want what we have, it's what most women in America watching all the time. And then you add to that Discovery, the BBC and all the Planet Earth content, all the environmental and Animal Planet content. So you have the most compelling, high quality content for women and men that people can watch any time. In the background, their favorite characters, their favorite brands, together with the definitive collection, the world book effectively in the science, natural history and environment area. And I think when you put those two together, we pretty great alone, and we're pretty great with everyone else. And the road is there for us, and we'll be giving you a little bit more detail, but we're going to be hitting that road very soon.
David Zaslav: One more point, Steven, because the focus generally here in the U.S. tends to be the U.S. but we are the Number 1 global media company outside the U.S., leader in sports, leader in our – the aggregate local content that we have in every language. And I just laid out what our strategy is here in the U.S. and we'll be talking to you exactly about when we're coming to market? How we're doing it? Exactly what it looks like, which is very exciting. But outside the U.S. we have a very compelling differentiated strategy as well. Local content, local sports, so Netflix and Disney fantastic services, they're coming over the top, primarily U.S. eventually Netflix has a little bit of local, Disney will have some local, others will do a little bit of local, but we're local content, local sports. So we think that differentiated above the globe attack. Outside the U.S. local language, local sport, very strong, very differentiated. In the U.S. very differentiated, a great companion, great content, great brands, great characters, great original. So we like our hand.
David Zaslav: Great. Great. Thanks. Well, look everything that we've done, we've been in the direct-to-consumer business for the last couple of years with the Eurosport player with deep play, with Food Network Kitchen and each one of them we've learned, we fallen down, we picked ourselves up? What do people like? What do they want more of? How do we create a product that people love month to reduce churn? How do we get partners to help us? Partners to help us is hugely important. Being – having Amazon together with us, built into echo. There's a huge number of people that are on Fire TV, that Amazon is pointing to and driving. How do we get those people to convert to be Food Network Kitchen subs? What does Amazon do? What do we do? How effective can Amazon be as a partner in driving free funnel subs and pay subs, all of that is stuff that we're learning? It's very; it's going to be very helpful to us. Same is true across Europe, as we're getting distributors to align with us and have gotten distributors to align with us in driving our – driving deeply in our direct-to-consumer product. So it's going well, we're learning a ton from it. We get to talk directly to customers. And as we – as we lay, as we roll out our big aggregate attack, it will take you through in the near-term. We’ll at that point, we'll figure out what other details on some of our vertical products will give you.
David Zaslav: Okay. Why don't I start with the upfront, and then Gunnar, why don't you take the metrics on international and cost control? The upfront would have been over in a normal year, and so it's a bit of a dance, but the market has gotten – has really picked up, it's getting better. I think the, in terms of the upfront, I think we have the best hand. We have original content; we are continuing to produce original content. Most of what you're going to see right now from us is very dependable, a fully engaged audience, and we come with, you know what, on some Sunday nights we get a four – we get over a four or four five on TLCs 90-day alone, with the Number 1 franchise on television. So one is we're way under paid for all of our channels. And we expect that that even at significant increases, we will be a great value because when people look out to the other services, what are they buying? They're buying a lot of reruns. They may be buying sports. They may not be buying sports. We’re the new sports people are coming on every day and watching Food and HG. TLC is the most popular service in women’s 18 to 25, 25 to 54, 18 to 49. So – and the – and HG is the Number 1 channel for women in the aggregate. So if you want to reach women in America, you want to reach them in watching live or close to live. We’re the only place to come. We still have the Number 1 channel for men with real strength with Discovery. And so we got some swagger. We really have some swagger because, we look at the advertising market and we see broadcast charging $65 for CPM and delivering 0.4, we’re delivering 4.5s. And we have historically been relatively cheap. And we think right now, since we're the Number 2 media company in America in what we deliver, and we have the most fresh content and dependable, fresh content going forward that if you want to play, you got to pay. And if you want to reach people, women live, men live and know that you're going to reach them between now and the end of the year at this crazy time, you're going to want to be with us. And that's – that's as we talk to advertisers, they recognize that, and they recognize the strength of our brands. And I think we're going to – we certainly are going to do very, very well, and I hope that we're going to make up a big piece of the differentiation, because it shouldn't have existed. And we're a hell of a buy compared to everyone else even at a big increase.
David Zaslav: Sure, thanks, Michael. We don't really talk specifically about when our deals come up and what we do. But we had a significant amount of flexibility. We now have more flexibility. So we have the lane, the full lane that we need in order to be effective. What's interesting that we found that we think is going to help us in this drive is a lot of the competitors now are coming out with their scripted series of scripted movies with the same drive. We got more stuff. We've got more shows. Hey, buy us. We have more shows. And those shows that are actually really good and they break companies. More shows, more shows, more shows. You know, what people are saying, I got enough shows. What we have is great brands, great characters. And we think that that's going to make a huge difference in an environment with a lot of blaring lights for shows. And as we build that, and as we have been very quietly aggregating content, creating original content we are looking at the full gamut of what will nourish and create the most compelling product that's the most differentiated. We think we have the right recipe and we'll take you through it very soon. And we think you're going to love it. We hope you like it. And we hope more importantly that when we get out to consumers in the U.S. and around the world, that that they like our hands as much as we do.
David Zaslav: Sure. Thanks. Look, I don't want to get into any more of the details you can expect that we think we have the best content, the greatest brands, and then a world where it's hard to curate, which is why people say up on more shows. We have this ability to curate through brands and through characters that people already know, and they know how to navigate. You should expect that we'll be offering our content in ways that are competitive in terms of whether they have commercials or don't have commercials, or how much commercials they have, we've thought that out carefully and we intend to our product will be very competitive and flexible. And we expect to have multiple partners and that's how we're going to be successful domestically and around the world. And we'll take you through that. But Disney has been very successful by using partners. And where we have been more successful, we've been more successful when not only are we marketing our product, but other distribution platforms are marketing our product. And so whether it’s table, distributors, mobile distributors, or larger players that are pushing other products, like Amazon is doing with us with Fire, every one of those is an added opportunity. And we like everyone else are looking for all of those to get the scale and build scale as quickly and as aggressively as possible.
David Zaslav: I guess, to answer your question on the AVOD, we've been quite successful with our GO products, even though they are just individual channels that are authenticated. But we've been able to get a very young audience and get additional data, which has helped us get – which the advertisers have liked. We do have a team that's driving our data, we're also working innovatively with a number of the cable operators who have set-top-box data. I do think data is a huge piece of our future in order to be able to get higher value for our existing content. And in products where we're going direct-to-consumer, AVOD, or SVOD, that has a commercial light, I think, you'll see that ability to provide data to advertisers that benefit both us and them.
David Zaslav: We have it globally, fully globally. And when we take you through our aggregate global plan, we'll give you more detail.
David Zaslav: I hope it does, because if it does, then you can put a multiple of 2.5 times against our ad revenue. All kidding aside, we're dealing with a legacy issue. And that legacy issue is really doesn't make sense anymore. How much do people watch? How much did they watch live? How engaged are they? And if anything, if you're selling products, being on HG or Food or cooking is probably a lot more important for a lot of advertisers than to be on a regular show, even a sports show. And a lot of advertisers have told us their ability to convert product is stronger on us. So we have this inverse problem that's really based on the fact that cable was at the kids' table. Well, we've aggregated the very strong brands, we’re investing, have invested hugely in building those brands, building the characters, building the relationship with the audience. And we're starting to really breakthrough. And we have to fight to get our fair value. And we have to be – and in the end, I think, the equitable argument that we have has broke – started to break through a little bit? In the last two years, you've seen us outperform quarter-by-quarter. You should see us outperform by a lot more, in my opinion, because in the end, we have great content that people love. And then in this very unusual environment, we also have original content and it dependable ongoing product at a time when some of our competitors can't do it because of sports and scripted is harder. So I hope so. We are fighting for it. We've got a great leader and Jon Steinlauf, we've got a great team. We're very engaged in the upfront. We're engaged in scatter. And we got to keep telling our story. They know it. We have to figure out how we wrestle it.
David Zaslav: Thanks Rich. Well first let me just start with Europe. Europe, I think, is much more stable. And in terms of what we're seeing in terms of viewership on that platform, viewership was way up on traditional television, it was – the whole marketplace performed very differently and much more favorably. The idea that we were significantly up in all of our sports weren't even on. And people were watching so much more of our content, which by the way, I think the fact that people are watching a lot more of our content. In the end, we're an IP company. The fact that people are watching, spending more and more hours with our brands, with our characters in the U.S. and around the world, just means that our overall IP library, we emerged from this behaviourally, that they're spending more time with our brands and our characters, and they love us more. And we love them more and we know them better. And so I think we emerged stronger, but Europe is more stable. Europe is – the decline is much slower. And the difference is there's huge broadband here. And Amazon is a great, great product, but it's not deployed with local content the way it is here in the U.S. U.S. is one market 330 million people. And Netflix has been extraordinarily successful, Amazon is successful, Disney Plus is successful and so – and there’s huge amount of broadband. So you see this and a lot of marketing dollars telling people what are on those platforms. None of that exists in Europe. So our local language, local sports, we think is pretty compelling. And the fact that the ecosystem is more stable also gives us, given how big we are in Europe in both sports, free-to-air and cable, gives us, I think, a much….
David Zaslav: I don't really want to comment on Disney. It's a great company. I think Bob has done an extraordinary job in building IP and building that company. For us, I look at what we have. And I really like what we have in Europe. I like the differentiation of what we have. I love the IP that we have. In the U.S. I can't predict where it's going to go, but we're on every skinny bundle. We are – everybody has taken real notice. We have content that people love and with a very core of that bundle. If people have cable TV and they have six channels that they watch in almost every phase for the six are us. So we'll do very well [indiscernible] advertising that we deserve. Our sub-fees, I think, will continue to be good, because we deserve it. And we can't – the reason that we're going so hard direct-to-consumer is because – we want to make sure that our great content is on every platform and has an opportunity for everyone to see it, how they want to see it. And when they do, we think they're going to be very happy and we think we're going to do very well.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes. Let me just add one thing, Gunnar here on the affiliate question. Steve, so, a couple of points I want to make. Number one, as you know, we have a very clean affiliate number, and this is why we point out when there is a sort of special effects like in this quarter. The underlying number is 2%, if you combine that with the 5% sub-decline sort of across the industry, essentially in our main part of the portfolio, then you get to sort of, the implied pricing number, as David said, we're pretty happy about how those deals have gone. No visible trend change here when it comes to pricing. The big factor that we don't control of course is sub-declines. So we'll see how that – how that turns out over time. And then there is going to be an increasing contribution, both in international and the U.S. from D2C subscription revenues, and again, that's a little more difficult to plan out, but you should start assuming some positive contributions over time.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes. It's going to continue to be a combination of both. I mean, as David said, we're increasingly looking at the U.S. market. So if you look at last year, the majority was hitting international. You should assume that that's going to be a bit more balanced mix this year. Other than that, we had given guidance initially as we went into the year, on our investment levels. I know we have retracted guidance, but we have continued to invest, and I continue to expect us to keep investing at pretty much a similar level as what we originally got into this, roughly $600 million of losses from those new investment activities for the year.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Okay. And then let me cover the other two questions quickly on the pay-TV subscribers, Jessica, so right now it's mildly up across the board, obviously JB would say looking at international, it's just a collection of very, very many market with very different dynamics going on, but it's up a little bit. I think the one outlier, I guess we should point out is Brazil, which obviously given the current environment was down in subscriber numbers. But other than that, we continue to see growth. On the cost control side, what's permanent, what's deferred, let's just go through a couple of elements. I would start with; let's call them, the windfalls, travel, T&E overall, events, some marketing, real estate, et cetera. A lot of that obviously was a windfall and is going to come back if and when we start opening up again. I think the second, a big savings driver here ironically of course has been the absence of sports events and some other original productions. Again, we have been able to maintain a very, very healthy schedule from the perspective of fresh content and again, financially in a positive way, because we're producing a lot of content and we're producing it at a much more attractive cost per hour. And our audiences loving the authenticity continue to enjoy it. So that has been a positive driver overall, as things go back to normal, you should see some of that content coming back at higher costs. There may be even additional costs from some COVID related additional health protocols, et cetera. Again, I would hope to be able to offset some of that with more efficient overall production approach, but that's sort of the second building block. And then you shouldn't forget that we're still on our transformation journey. What we started two years ago, we went into this with a massive team, hundreds of people working on hundreds of initiatives, we've worked through a lot of that list, but we still have a lot of initiatives more complex, more long-term nature that we're working through and we're committed to continue, adjusting the structure of this company to the best possible setup for the operating environment.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Ben, let me start with trend question. Again, I don't want to give specific guidance and there's not too much to add to what I said a couple of minutes ago. U.S., feeling good about the pricing trends, we don't control the subscribers and we'll see over time as D2C ramps up, how that starts contributing. On the international side, a similar answer, the key factor here is sports and that's two-fold. Number one, as we already pointed out the termination of the Bundesliga contract is going to be a little bit of a drag on affiliate revenues. But again, as I pointed out obviously, very beneficial on the AOIBDA side. And the second factor is some sports have come back, but the majority of the big events is still slated for us a bit later in the third quarter. And partly in the fourth quarter, that's going to be a driver and we'll see how that pans out.
