David Zaslav: Hello, everyone and thank you for joining us. Let me start by saying that we are hopeful we will reach a resolution to the SAG-AFTRA strike soon. We made a last and final offer which meant virtually all of the Union's goals and includes the highest wage increase in 40 years and believe it provides for a positive outcome for all involved. We recognize that we need our creative partners to feel valued and rewarded, and look forward to both sides getting back to the business of telling great stories. As the strikes underscored, these are challenging times. Our industry is facing accelerated disruption and a rapidly changing marketplace, and to succeed long-term, we must be flexible and adaptable and have a strong arsenal of assets that will enable us to maintain momentum amidst ever evolving consumer behavior. And at Warner Bros. Discovery, we are and we do. Over the last 19 months, we have been relentlessly focused on reinventing this company, repositioning it as a more stable, efficient free cash flow generating business. While we are and always will be a work in progress and while we are thoughtfully navigating industry wide challenges like a strained advertising market, our teams continue to execute on our strategy. More broadly, we generated over $2 billion in free cash flow in Q3 and are on track to meaningfully exceed $5 billion for the year. This has made it possible for us to aggressively pay down our debt, which we've reduced by nearly $12 billion since launching the company last year and as we've said, by the end of the fourth quarter, we will be meaningfully below 4 times net levered. While paying down debt and delevering will remain a top priority for us, we're also now in a position to allocate more capital toward growth opportunities. Our asset mix, one of the most complete and diversified in the industry, positions us as well as any to drive long-term value. We possess the full slate of production and distribution capabilities as one of the preeminent makers and sellers of content in the world. And as you know, we are home to many of the most iconic brands and franchises in the history of entertainment. Of course, we believe the real power lies not just in the storytelling, IP, brands and franchises, as formidable as they are, but in the opportunities we create as one company to maximize their impact, reach and ultimately their value. As I said previously, a lot of our most popular IP has been underused. There are great new stories waiting to be told and exciting new ways to bring those stories and characters to life across screens, consumer products, experiences, and more. We recognize that we can do a better job of managing and maximizing the value of our blue chip franchises like Game of Thrones, Harry Potter, and Superman. Each represents an ecosystem of storytelling possibilities and we intend to capitalize on their potential with a more focused franchise management approach and look forward to bringing in a new global head of franchise as we discussed two weeks ago. This person will work closely with the leaders of our businesses to identify opportunities to expand the reach and impact our storytelling IP across the full range of consumer touch points. More on this soon. One of the big advantages we have at Warner Bros. Discovery is that we own and control all of our content and storytelling IP and that allows us to distribute it in ways that maximize reach and profitability. Of course, the top priority for us is our streaming service Max. We continue to be very pleased with the strong foundation that JB, Casey and the team have put in place to first stabilize and now grow the business. In Q3, we generated another quarter of positive EBITDA behind both distribution and advertising revenue growth. And we recently layered in live programming underpinning a broad content offering that appeals to a wider spectrum of consumers and is showing increased engagement and lower churn. And while the third quarter subscriber numbers were impacted by one of our lightest original content schedules in years, in part due to the strike constraints that compelled us to delay some releases, as well as a further decline in the overlapping Discovery Plus subscriber base, which we expected and discussed with you. We are very excited about our more robust content slate as we head into the strong 2024 and beyond. We've got a fantastic lineup planned, including the new season of True Detective: Night Country with Oscar winner Jodie Foster, which will premiere on January 14, followed in the spring by the new limited series The Regime, starring Oscar winner Kate Winslet. Later in the year, we'll see The Sympathizer an espionage thriller based on the Pulitzer Prize winning book by the same name, produced and co-starring Robert Downey Junior.
David Zaslav: Yeah, Jessica, let me maybe take this one. So again, you heard the comments we made on the advertising market, and the reality is so far we're unfortunately not seeing the improvement in Q4 that I think many had hoped to see earlier in the year. And that's why, while it's early to be talking about 2024 and beyond, we felt it was prudent to be transparent about what we're seeing in the market. To your point, we don't see when this is going to turn, but what we have done over the past 18 months is, we put this company into fighting shape. And I have no doubt the market is going to come back at some point and when it does, I think we will be able to participate with very significant operating leverage given what we have put in through this transformation here over the past 18 months.
David Zaslav: The other side of growth is stability and sustainability. What we've done in the last 19 months, this is turn this into a real company with real professional management and real free cash flow. This is a generational disruption we're going through. Going through that with a streaming service that's losing billions of dollars is really, really difficult to go on offense, it's difficult to maneuver. And with interest rates the way they are, the challenges in the marketplace, advertising, this is when you're going to see which are the real companies. This is a company that's generating over $5 billion in free cash flow. We've paid down $12 billion in debt. What that gives us is stability and sustainability. And ultimately, in a difficult environment, it's going to give us optionality, because we're surrounded by a lot of companies that don't have the geographic diversity that we have, aren't generating real free cash flow, have debt that is presenting issues. We're delevering at a time when our peers are levering up, at a time when our peers are unstable and there is a lot of excess competitive, excess players in the market. So this will give us a chance not only to fight to grow in the next year, but to have the kind of balance sheet and the kind of stability of a real company, diverse, gaming, TV, motion picture, HBO, linear, that we could be really opportunistic over the next twelve to 24 months.
David Zaslav: Sure. Thanks, Ed. Well, first CNN Max, not CNN. There are some hours that are simulcast, but it's largely independently produced for a younger and different audience. And we saw this in Eastern Europe, that it provided real value, reduced churn and provided real value. And the people that spend time watching live content, as JB has said, and we've seen it here already and it's only six weeks in, you spend time watching news and sports that the engagement is higher and the churn is lower. That's a big deal. Churn is the biggest issue that we face. This is a very compelling service. The churn is too high. So this is an all on attack to reduce churn. Reducing churn also will reduce marketing because we're out going out and marketing over and over again to subscribers that are coming in and out. So the idea that a big majority, the overwhelming majority of people that are watching Max don't have pay TV, and they're now able to come in and see what's going on in Israel, what's going on the floor, on the Hill, it feels like it could be compelling. And the same thing with sports. We saw real big numbers. So overall, we think this buffet, entertainment, nonfiction, as we've said all along, the better the engagement, the more people in the family are watching, the better we'll be. And we still haven't really been able to crack the kids. We have a huge amount of kids content. When they haven't been able to crack that, we're going to attack that as well. So we think that strategy is really differentiates us and we're going to have to really promote it. We haven't been. JB, you're at ground level here.
David Zaslav: And then, Ben, to just comment on your first two questions, so starting with synergies, again it's going to get incrementally more difficult to differentiate between what's a synergy, what's transformation, what's just normal cost work. But to recap what I said earlier, I expect $4 billion total synergy to have flown through until the end of this year. We will have implemented initiatives that will generate $5 billion of run rate initiatives, and we're still going, we're still adding to the program. And I think that's the most important point. While we might not be reporting on this in detail anymore, while we might not call it Synergy, we have had a continuous improvement team at work for the past five years. We never stopped after integrating scripts and discovery because the environment around us keeps changing, and we're making sure that we change faster than the environment around us. We've got a very capable team that's got five years of experience. We will keep grinding through every cost opportunity in the company, and we'll keep delivering. And then, to answer your strike question again, this is everything but a precise science, right? But my current estimate for the full year is there's probably going to be a few $100 million of a negative impact on EBITDA. The TV production business and licensing business is a major part of our studio operation and has been essentially idle for the best part of this year. And on the positive side, at least from a short-term cash perspective, I expect several $100 millions of dollars of positive cash flow flowing through from the fact that we're unable to deploy capital. Again, that's a short term point, and those are my best estimates right now.
David Zaslav: Sure. Let me start by saying we've gotten through, including recently, all of our deals with all of our channels being carried. We really do have a different model. We have Affinity networks, HGTV, Food, TLC, Discovery, Animal Planet and we're investing in TBS, TNT, we're investing in all those channels. We still believe in linear. And with sports and news, we're anywhere between 25% and 45% of the viewership on cable. So when you think of what is basic cable, it's us. And when people think about what they love, the three, four, five channels that they love, it's us. And we're not that expensive. We're not proud of it. But one of the reasons we've been able to continue to get increases is because we provide real value. And we're one of the few media companies that's still investing significantly in original content and we're nourishing our audiences. And if you look at our ratings in the last couple of months, Kathleen's doing a terrific job. The ratings on our networks are going up. And so we feel really good about our deals. We feel good about partnering with the operators in building and continue to hold on as much as we can to the linear marketplace. And we can make some tradeoffs. There's a few of our channels that are lighter. We can make some tradeoffs, but I think it'll be additive. And I think it'll be a real advantage to us to have somebody else in the marketplace that wants to retail and guarantee a payment of a significant number of subs to us.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Thank you, David. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us this morning. I'm very pleased with the strong progress that WBD continues to make across a number of fronts, particularly in light of the obstacles we and the industry have had to navigate, namely geopolitical and economic uncertainty and strike related constraints. We are operating with both greater precision and focus as well as increased flexibility and adaptability.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: We're not giving up. We really believe in linear. And in fact, there was a lot of noise around the Charter deal with Disney. But to Bob's credit, that deal was structured in a way that's really favorable for both parties and favorable for the ecosystem. The idea that all of the cable subscribers are now paying a fee for Disney Plus is a positive, as they have said, the churn on that will be very low and the reach will go up and they'll be able to sell advertising of course, an environment where there is now that is likely to help linear in creating a bridge. And you can imagine a world as we're redoing our deals or even advance of redoing our deals to get Disney Plus and Max as an additional benefit to the cable subscribers and to be getting paid on each one of those and having – being able to sell advertising against each of those and having lower churn on each of those. And so I think it was a very innovative deal by Charter and Disney and although it started out noisy and scary, I think it created potentially a very interesting bridge to more scale, lower churn and more stability to linear. We'll have to see. It certainly is a positive. And so maybe to comment on a couple of the growth opportunities that you mentioned, Jessica, I do think there is tremendous opportunity and I do think we will be able to get behind that. That's why David talked about shifting the investment focus a little bit. But starting with the games business, we've spent a lot of time over the past year going into a lot of granular detail across all of the areas of our capital allocation. And the games business has shown tremendous success, not only from a P&L perspective, really, as David said, contributing hundreds of millions of dollars to our consolidated profits, but also from a return on investment perspective. I've double and triple checked some of the metrics here because it's such a great investment opportunity. I'm stunned that we haven't been investing more into this opportunity under JB's and David Haddad's leadership here, and I think we have to do more. There's a lot more opportunity there and we're going to start tackling that. On the D2C side, again just take a step back here. Over just a year and a half, we're now looking for this year at a breakeven positive business after $2 billion of losses last year. We've right sized the structure. We've got a state of the art platform. As David said, we're coming off of a quarter with virtually no fresh content on the platform. We want to get behind that. When we come back, when Casey's content comes back to the platform, we want to get behind it. We know that we can get tremendous returns on our marketing spend behind new content and we will take advantage of that. And I do think we have a real opportunity here. On the film side and the TV production side, as I said, it's still a little fluid. Unfortunately, we still don't have a resolution for the strike yet. But clearly that business should be coming back to growth after being a very significant drag in the second half of this year. So a lot that we want to get behind and a lot that I think is going to contribute to growth for the company. And also on the linear side itself, we're not on the sidelines. I mean, we're not just standing by and watching. There's a lot that the team is working on, Bruce Campbell and John Steinhoff have restructured the sales team. We've got more opportunities in dynamic ad insertion. We've got more opportunities in utilizing our data. With every additional AdLite subscriber, we're going to get additional reach, additional scale, which helps on the pricing side. So there's a lot going on. Again, I decided to be as open about the ad market this morning, as I was because we feel we have to be transparent here. But there's a lot we're doing. And as I said, we're hopeful.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes, Rich, let me maybe start right there, because I did not intend to guide down EBITDA for next year relative to where we are today. The only reason I brought this up is we had guidance out there of hitting our leverage target range by the end of next year. And again, based on the early indications that we're seeing from how the market is developing right now, I'm just not confident to stand here today and say, don't worry about it. We're definitely going to hit that range. Now, if you have a view on ad market recovery, and if you think there is an ad market recovery in 2024, we're going to have a great year. I'm just not in a position right now to provide firm guidance to that. I've laid out some of the building blocks again, a much more profitable streaming business, which we're going to try to fuel growth. But again, let me be clear, that doesn't mean that I'm expecting to start losing money again. We're just shifting marginally to prioritize growth over sort of the maximization of immediate profit growth. Linear business, the network business, it is what it is. And I'll talk about the cost side in a second. And then on the studio side, we should be seeing a recovery as the strike hopefully comes to an end. But it's too early to be any more specific here. To your point on the linear cost base, first of all, I do want to just call out how, what a great job Gerhardt, Kathleen and others, including at CNN, people have done in right sizing the business as we brought these two companies together. And I think we're looking at a very competitive cost structure, which is one of the reasons why I'm so confident that when the market comes back, we're going to be participating with a pretty high flow through to profits. But as I said earlier, we're not going to be standing on the sideline here and just watching. There's a lot more that's in the pipeline. Some of our transformation initiatives, especially on the technology side, just have longer lead times. And we're still evolving when it comes to, let's call it, the operational backbone of how we operate our content workflows throughout the company, by the way, not only impacting the network segment, but the company as a whole as well, so there is definitely more opportunity there. And then one other point that I've made before is, again, we decided to go with this three segment reporting structure because that's how David looks at the company and how I think from an investor perspective, you get the full transparency into the different business models and their financial profiles. But one thing that's going to be increasingly relevant is managing our content investments and our content utilization across one Warner Bros. Discovery. And that's one area where so far it's been a bit of a one way street of the studios and networks creating content that ends up on the streaming platform. Longer term, as that platform grows and drives more revenue and profit contributions, there may also be a flow in the other direction which inevitably will drive profitability of a linear business beyond what we have today.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes, I was going to add, the only other thing, Ben, is you have to remember HBO and HBO Max and Max now have really been doing the opposite of what the industry has sort of been complaining about, which is for HBO subscribers, we've been giving more value to the bundle, not less. They used to get a number of HBO original series and movies. They now, in 2023, get all of that, plus a whole host of library content from Warner Bros. That they never receive Max originals that they never receive. And so our position in the market for years has been providing more value to the cable ecosystem for those subscribers, not less. And the charter deal really creates this very creative path of, instead of having two completely separate ecosystems, the idea that you could have a distributor that's paying us a per sub fee for discovery+ and a per sub fee for Max. And both of those being ad Lite is an incremental advantage. It's an advantage to charter. And they and Bob came up with this creative road forward. But I think, and we think that it stabilizes the ecosystem, but it also is helpful in building more scale. JB, you and I were modeling it out the other day.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And we got the cash to invest in promoting it, to invest in taking it around the world, and to invest in whatever else we think we need to grow. I mean, the key element here of this company now, this company is a free cash flow driven company. Over $5 billion in free cash flow, $12 billion paid back so far in 19 months. We said we were going to be less than four times levered. We will be less than four times levered comfortably. So it's all about, I believe, not only the quality of the content, but what's the stability of the company. It's all about free cash flow, who has it and who doesn't.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And then, Bret, to your question on the debt side, look, two things. Number one, there's going to be a lot of cash flowing through here. And to answer your question directly, no, there is no need to sit on excessive amounts of cash. And as we said multiple times, we're focused on reducing our debt to that target range as quickly as possible. And number two is our capital structure is a real asset. Again, I went through earlier the average maturity, the average interest rates and the trading levels of the debt. And I feel very good about our ability to further chip away at that overall debt quantum and potentially at the very attractive terms as, more and more cash becomes available here.
