Gunnar Wiedenfels: Well, so we – if you look at what we’ve said previously, we continue to make investments in our business for future growth a priority, and we have already budgeted for significant investments in our digital activities around the entire global footprint. So that will continue to happen. We do believe that the $600 million that I pointed out earlier are going to be a net impact that’s going to fall to the bottom line.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And then Drew, maybe from a financial perspective, one thing to keep in mind is the way I look at it is that Scripps essentially created a plain vanilla budget for the year knowing that we’re coming up on closing the transaction. So the Q1, “Scripps” stand-alone result is driven by increasing content and marketing expenses to sort of safeguard the asset. When I talked about the mid-single digit AOIBDA growth for the entire year earlier for the combined entity, that obviously includes the performance of the Scripps portfolio in the first quarter, and when it comes to an outlook for the rest of the year, clearly all those cost elements are part of our transformation initiatives, and we will look at everything. But it’s all baked into that mid-single digit growth guidance for AOIBDA.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Thanks, Jessica. So on international, you exactly pointed out the two most important levers. One is just lighting up the content in our global footprint, and as I said, we’ve been starting to create language versions for literally thousands of hours of content. We’ve put some stuff on air, but it’s very, very early days. But there will be different waves of rolling this out across the global footprint throughout the rest of the year, and we’ll keep you updated. And also programming teams in virtually all of our territories are looking at their programming strategy right now, and as for example in LatAm, there might be an opportunity to launch additional networks, create additional formats across territories. It’s early days still. We’re doing everything to get the stuff on air as quickly as possible. But it’s really too early to come up with any – very specific numbers here. On your question regarding leverage and capital allocation, so we will continue to follow the same logic that we have followed. Number one is the determination of our optimal leverage target range, and that continues to be at a 3 to 3.5 times leverage range. Number two is, we will then evaluate investment opportunities. We will continue to take a rigorous approach to make sure that we’re getting good returns, but we will make it a priority to grow the business. And number three is, we will continue to return excess capital to our shareholders through buybacks, and those will continue to be the priority, and as you rightly say, we’re at four times by the end of the year, so we should be breaking through the 3.5 times number during 2019. And that is exactly the logic that we will apply.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And then Steve, on the free cash flow, a couple of maybe clarifying comments on the synergy ramp-up. I want to make sure that you guys understand what we see as the potential, the $600 million plus. The timing of that is obviously still influx, right? And the delta is going to be, are we going to be able to get those numbers earlier or later. And that’s why I don’t want to give any very specific guidance for a fiscal year, which is a bit of a random cutoff. But if you look at the comments I made earlier, we’re looking at mid-single digit AOIBDA growth for the year, obviously that is to a large extent synergy driven and could be on the lower end if we’re slower, could be on the higher end if we’re faster. That’s the way to look at it. But either way, the lion’s share of the synergy is going to hit in 2019. So, if you go back to the free cash flow guidance I said $2.3 billion after the cash restructuring expenses. We’ve already paid out $70 million in the first quarter, and as I said, we do expect a slightly higher total restructuring number than we originally guided to. So let’s say maybe $400 million. And I would encourage you to put in about two thirds of that for the cash impact of 2018.
David Zaslav: Drew, as we look at the synergy, just simplistically, Discovery itself is at about 1.4 – was at about $1.4 billion in free cash flow and Scripps was at 8. And we look at the cost synergy that we have, we have $600 million now in hand that we believe we can fully execute on, and we still have a number of buckets that we’re looking at, another 40 or 50 workstreams, which we’ll get back to you on. But our target is, we really think that we can – there’s no reason why we shouldn’t better than double our free cash flow. One of the main reasons for this transaction was all the strategic elements that we’ll talk about, and how this grounds us as maybe the leading IP global media company in the world. But when we look at our $1.4 billion, together with our synergy, we think we can get to $3 billion. And so, getting to $3 billion for us is a target, but we’re going to be relentless about it. And we also think that there’s some upside to that as we look at revenue opportunity moving our content around the world, and seeing how this great portfolio works with the advertising market. So that’s our target.
David Zaslav: Well, generically as a big driver is the ratings of Food and HG, and one of the values of putting these companies together is not only the global scale that we have, but the portfolio that we have in the U.S. And we’re never going to be in a position where all the business – all the channels are growing at the same time. A year-and-a-half ago TLC was down 25%. We said to you we’re going to focus on who the audience is, how we grow it. We said we thought we can continue to drive ID. We thought we can get Science going and Velocity. Discovery has been down; Food and HG are down and one of our big priorities is focusing on those audiences. In the case of HG and Food, the actual household audience is quite strong. What we really need to do with those two channels is continue to refresh them and grow them, and we got a great team. One of the reasons that we were so attracted was the quality of the leadership there, and we’re convinced in spending more time with Kathleen Finch and her team, that we have a great team. But we are doing a lot of work on who the audience is, how we continue to nourish them, it’s what we do for Living. But we also have been more aggressive in getting our authenticated GO apps out. I mentioned that we’re generating 25 million streams, it’s primarily people under 30. That’s something that wasn’t being implemented at HG and Food. And so a piece of this is really trying to innovate those platforms by getting the content authenticated on all devices to as many people as possible as quickly as possible, and we think that will generate some growth. But then really digging in, like we did at TLC, like we’ve done at ID and like we did at Discovery and we need to do again to continue to grow. We look at the marketplace and we think it’s really a function of us. There’s an opportunity for us despite what’s going on in the marketplace to grow these channels, and we just have to do as good of a job as we can, creating quality content.
David Zaslav: And we are on a mission in terms of speed. We think having that free cash flow in hand and that flexibility is very important. We like our assets. But we want to get down to a point where we do have that flexibility of looking, of investing more, of buying more stuff, of buying back more of our stock, just having the full flexibility to use that, figuratively the bullets that we have as a result of being a company that’s generating so much free cash flow. And we do feel like pace is important, because with things moving in the marketplace, we could uniquely acquire, invest, or take advantage of what we see as an opportunity even within our own company.
David Zaslav: There are some broad reach comparisons as with cable versus broadcast, that when you look at them, they just feel out of whack. With broadcast getting $45, $50 CPMs and cable really in the $10 to $20 CPM, and then you take a look at our ability to deliver across our women’s networks on any given night, a three rating, or on a good night, a four rating or a five rating. The ability for us to – the differentiation from the perspective of the advertiser was the ability to generate scale. Well – and to be able to have reach that’s compelling. We now have some very strong reach and we have some ability to really give detail on demographics and people that may be arguably are more engaged with our platforms than they are on a broader platform. And so we think that there’s some opportunity to make the argument that we have a very – that our audiences are even more valuable. It’s an argument that we would have been making before, and it’s an argument that we’ll make now.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Steve. It is a work in progress. We are [ph] IP long (52:32). We own all of our content on all platforms, and as much success as we have with the Olympics, and we had a lot of success, we really expected that most of the mobile players across Europe would – we have the rights to the rings, so we could provide the rights for mobile players to affiliate with the rings year-round. We could have provided a lot of exclusive content to different providers in the marketplace. It wasn’t quite ripe yet. But the idea that we own the Olympics for the next nine years, and we’ve had from the date that we did the deal 11 years to build around it is a, for us, we think a successful formula. And outside of the Olympics and Eurosport we own all of our content globally and we look at it really more in the long-term. But this – one of the big successes that we had with the Olympics was generating a half a million subscribers, paying for the Olympics in less than 10 days, and being able to build a platform that got top ratings and that generated 3,000 hours – over 3,000 hours of streaming and then ability to navigate and curate within that platform to very good reviews. And at the same time to provide content in over 20 languages in linear and on cable. So we certainly, more than any other company, know how to provide content in every language on multiple platforms. And what we learned about the Olympics is on a parallel track to what we’ve learned with the Eurosport Player, that people seem to be willing to pay and not churn out a lot on things that they’re really passionate about. So for the people that love the Olympics, they really want it. It’s one of the reasons why we’ve gone from the buffet which we still offer, to this idea, just like you buy a magazine for tennis or you buy a magazine for cycling, that we give you much more dense, much more IP, short form, long form within a specific area. And so we pass on a load of stuff, but we are on the hunt now with Food, with Home, with Cars, and we’re looking at what other opportunities are there globally to own IP for the long-term that we cannot only build a global platform, but monetize it. And we’ll be focused on what we pay for that IP, to make sure that we can generate global IP, but global IP that if we can get the turn, either through a global player or the regional player, that we can generate real value. Food and HG and Travel are three that we think we can globally take advantage of, but we are looking at loads of opportunities, but we’ve passed on a lot of them, because we’re looking for the right ones.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Michael. I don’t know if you timed this in some kind of a special way. But I think this is the second year in a row that I have to wish you a happy birthday.
David Zaslav: On the Scripps side, one of the things that they did was their commercial load was very high, and their promo load was extremely low. We were the opposite. We have now the ability to promote across all of our networks. So this idea that on any given night we’re getting a 3 or a 4 or 4.5 in women, for instance, we now have the ability to use the promo, not only to promote a particular network, but if we have a great show it’ll be able to go across ID, OWN, TLC, HG, Food. And in fact, HG spent a lot of money buying local time on ID trying to get people to come over. And so we’re going to try and understand promo in the traditional sense, our unique ability to do promo across our channels to move people around, both to save dollars, but also to maximize the movement of audiences, and then the importance of fully monetizing our platform. We’ve also developed a lot of analytics that are quite important. We’re seeing, for instance, when we go on our GO platform and we can quantify what – the viewership in terms of length of view and age, we can get a dramatic increase in CPM with some of the analytics that we have in place now. We have an ability to get higher CPMs. And we look at what Viacom is doing. We’re doing a similar thing, maybe there’s an opportunity. We’re talking to them about maybe doing something with them. And so the net-net is we’re going to put it all together and we’ll figure out how do we maximize growth of our channels, taking advantage of the unique ability we have that no one else has to reach across all of our platforms and let people know. We’re even looking at this idea of not just promoting. But if somebody’s watching on HGTV and the next show coming up is a show that they don’t want to watch, what would normally happen is they’d go to their other five or six favorite channels. But can we alert people that are watching HG, here’s what’s coming up on Food, here’s what’s coming up on ID, TLC and OWN? We’re doing it in a pilot – on a pilot basis, but we think that reach could be successful for us or unique, at least, and we’re trying to figure out how we use it. On the Olympics, I think the Olympics is a great model for us. We own it on all platforms for over a decade. We could build expertise. We’ve got 0.5 million subscribers in direct-to-consumer this past time, what worked with Snap? What worked with Facebook? What’s the ceiling? Could we get 1 million next time? Could we get 2 million? How would we get it? What would we do differently? And so the ability to iterate is very, very important. For us, I think it’s unlikely that you’ll see us competing in these three-year cycles of football. To the extent that we do, it will be because we get – we have some unique opportunity. But look, the Bundesliga was difficult for us. And in that case, we paid almost no increase and it was difficult for us. And so it was a good experience and it led us with better IP to get into this joint venture with ProSieben. But it also taught us a lesson in what we do and what we can’t do. And so I think it’s unlikely, particularly when you’re competing with platform companies that are trying to build asset value on the back of that IP and are willing to lose money on it. And so I think we’re going to stick to our knitting which is let others pay a lot for that kind of IP. And if we could own all the other sport at low single or reduced rates or high single in some cases, if we think the IP is great for extended periods of time, and that’s what we’ve been doing, much, much longer renewals, because we have something very unusual with Eurosport. We’re the only Pan-European player. That’s what we’re going to go. And the Olympics just added to that [ph] Patina (01:02:45). The IOC couldn’t have been happier. And so is there an opportunity for more Olympics in the future? Maybe. Our relationship with Bach is extremely strong. And is there an opportunity to get more IP? Well, if anybody was thinking, who should I be in business with in Europe in sport, as more and more leagues and IP owners that are saying they want to be in business with us.
David Zaslav: Well, we were on a mission with Scripps with – before Scripps with ID, because it’s the number one cable channel in America for women. Just to take a victory lap for Henry Schleiff and his team, the last fully distributed top 10 network in America was in the, it was History and I was on the Board of that and FOX News. And seven years later, eight years later, we launched ID and then Henry and his team come onboard, and it’s now the number one cable network in America. It’s loved. Its length of view is the same length of view or more than FOX News. And so we have been on a mission for the last couple of years to say that we should be getting more value for that great audience and for the type of audience that we generate in daytime, in late night, in prime, and the numbers only keep growing. And so now as we have a bigger menu and we’re going into the marketplace, and we have Jon Steinlauf running our operation, who had an ability to generate higher CPMs across the board at Scripps, got a better power ratio than we did, we hope that some of his know-how, his relationships and his unique approach will help ID as well as the rest of our channels.
