David Zaslav: Well, YouTube has been very successful over the years, and we've been able to grow our channels very effectively and build our brands at the same time that people are enjoying content on YouTube and on a lot of other platforms. We -- since we own all of our content, our strategy remains the same: quality content, strong characters, great stories and then we have the opportunity to take that on to all kinds of different platforms, including what we just did now with Netflix, a new window that's primarily 18 months and older. So as long as we continue to build our brands and tell great stories, we feel like we're really in a growth mode.
David Zaslav: Okay. Well, we were always very anxious to figure out how to monetize our library in a meaningful way. We just weren't -- we didn't see a business model that really worked. So Netflix has gotten some meaningful scale. And the idea of creating a new window of primarily 18 months and older really plays to our sweet spot, because we have all this content. We own all of the content. The deal is nonexclusive, so it gives us an opportunity to play in the same way with anybody else with that same window. It's not international. We did domestic only, because although Netflix and the other type players are expanding around the world, we're taking a hard look at where it makes sense. The economics were strong. And we were able to work with Netflix in getting some concessions on branding, which we thought -- the environment was important to us. We were able to get some of that. So when you put it all together, it's a big net positive for us in that we have all this content. We know how valuable it is. Doing a deal with Netflix that recognizes that value is -- gives us some additional meaningful economics. We're going to look and see how that plays out. We have flexibility in terms of content that's on there. We'll see how people consume it. But we were also -- created some flexibility in the deal in that it's a 2-year deal with a 1-year option on our side. And so, the hope is that Netflix does well and that this creates a whole new window for us that's very effective. It also -- we don't think it's going to interfere with our ability to continue or monetize our content and our brands in a very meaningful way in the traditional cable area. And then we have this additional window coming up of TV Everywhere, which represents newer content, both streamed content on other platforms and newer content. We haven't done any broad deals with operators on that yet. And under our existing deals, no distributors have the right to take our 13 channels on to TV Everywhere. But that's another window that we think could be advantageous because it's measured and it's authenticated and it presents another opportunity. So all these opportunities for content deployment with good economics and value, I think, presents an opportunity for real growth for us.
David Zaslav: Well, we have always felt that our content is valuable. And the fact that we have a very good relationship with our distributors, that relationship provides for our content to be provided through to the TV set. And so to the extent that offering our content on other platforms or being able to have a catch-up of 1 month, 2 months or 3 months of some of the best stuff on all of our channels is -- we think could be a real value to consumers. The distributors are very focused on providing it because they believe it could provide real value as well. And for us, we're very supportive of it. We just feel like we need to get value, and how we define value will come through the negotiations.
David Zaslav: It really depends. We don't have any big deals coming up until the end of 2012 and then they kind of lay in from 2012 forward. The idea of doing something nearer term on TV Everywhere are discussions that we're having. The distributors are very keen to roll out TV Everywhere. We're participating in a number of the tests. And whether we do or not will depend on how quickly they can deploy it and we can get it measured. Today, it is measured on the computer, but it's not measured on pads. So how quickly could they get measured and how quickly could we, in the content business, come up with the right valuation between us and the distributors so that we can provide it. On a worst-case basis, it would be likely dealt with as part of a renewal at that later date. And there's possibility it might happen before.
David Zaslav: Okay, just to give you a sense. First, October has been quite strong for us. We're up about 11% in the aggregate for October. And so we come into the quarter with some good momentum. We just launched on Friday 2 shows for us that have been very strong, Gold Rush and Flying Wild Alaska. The piece that hurt us really a little bit is some year-over-year comparative data and that's that Deadliest Catch actually did very well when you look at it versus any other year. It was on par. It showed growth. But the sixth season had one of the very popular captains actually got sick and passed away. And so there was a huge spike. And so there was a little bit of CAGR issue with that. And then we have Friday nights where we do survival programming, which was the Man Versus Wild, Dual Survivor (sic) [Dual Survival], and it was -- a portion of the year, we do Gold Rush and for a portion of the year we do Survival. The Friday night just wasn't working as well this year. And we haven't figured out yet exactly why. We're talking to the audience. But more importantly, we've now rolled in Flying Wild Alaska and Gold Rush and Friday night right now is looking up and better. And so we'll have to figure out what we do with Friday night and whether we go back to Survival.
David Zaslav: Okay, Rich, I'll take the first one. On Netflix, candidly, nobody knows. What we do know is, so far, and we -- this isn't our first foray with Netflix. We had a deal with them with some content. We couldn't find through our research any discernible degradation. In fact, Netflix homes -- the people that consume a lot of content on Netflix were over indexing in terms of how they consume TV and how they consume us. But that's just directional. There isn't enough data out there. When I ran syndication and the cable group at NBC, on the syndication side, there was some thinking that, hey, when you syndicate a show, then the ratings of the original is going to go down. Well, in many cases, in most cases, we found that when we syndicated the shows, that -- and then we brought back the originals, that the ratings went up. Is that going to happen now with Netflix? We don't know. We don't have -- we have older seasons of shows. So if somebody watches an older season of Gold Rush or an older season of Deadliest Catch, is that going to get them more excited about coming back in and watching more of our shows? We don't know. We're going to watch it. We're going to look at it. We're going to get as much data as we can. Our inclination is that this will not be a degradation issue, but we do -- one of the reasons why we provided this flexibility of one-way extension after 2 years is: One, 2 years is up before any of our deals come up, so we could take a look at how is this affecting us. And two, it gives us a chance, if we find that it's going very well, to just very cleanly optionally pick up the next year. So we're going to see, and we'll keep you posted.
David Zaslav: But the way to think of it is you got 2 tent poles, which is -- we have the advertisers that have been supportive and have re-upped. We have distributors a number of them we've done deals with and there's a number that we haven't yet. And the challenge for us right now is putting really good content that nourishes the brand, that goes at -- that drives the Oprah brand and really supports this idea of living your best life. So what we're putting on the air now, Oprah is doing Lifeclass everyday at 8:00. In that time period, we're up 125% versus last year. We got fresh content with Rosie everyday at 7:00, and that's up 65%. We have a lot of activity on oprah.com, we have over 3 million streams in Lifeclass. And what we're getting is this feedback of, okay, I get it, we have our content that's on brand, whether it be Lisa Ling or Sweetie Pie's. This is -- we're starting to swing in a positive direction in terms of getting people to spend time with us. And like we said all along, this is going to take us some time. In January, Oprah, herself, will launch with more of an entertainment-type show, which is Oprah's next chapter, a broader appeal-type show. And then we have a lot of other development. But those are the 3 pieces: Continue to drive the advertising -- the advertisers that are with us and have been supporting, work over the next couple of years on the distribution subscribers side. But most importantly, nourish the audience that loves the Oprah brand, the great brand that we've gotten behind that we have so much confidence in.
David Zaslav: On the investment in programming, we don't really see -- the new window really doesn't play into our focus. Our focus is really investment be thoughtful and we have a very kind of rigid investment base, focused on how we spend money on content. And it's all on success. So we're spending more money on ID. We're spending more money on science because it's growing. We spend more money on TLC because we were able to drive it around the world. And so where we can see growth, we're going to continue to invest in our content and it's -- you've seen a meaningful increase in that investment. On the new platforms, we've always been platform agnostic. We're about quality content that satisfies curiosity that we could take around the world and put on any platform. We held back on the web because we just didn't see the model. So we are rooting for a lot -- we're rooting for Netflix. It's an attractive platform. We're also rooting for a lot of the other players that are getting into this space because it provides more value for us, more bites, more people that could see our content, more economics that we can get for our content. And so, for us, this is just another manifestation of the fact that it's a good time to be in the content business, particularly if you own your content.
David Zaslav: Okay, well, just in terms of a macro point, year-to-date, across our domestic platform, we're up a little bit more than 3%. In the past several years, we've invested more in content, but we've been able to grow market share and we're convinced that we're going to be able to continue to grow market share domestically and around the world. Let me have Brad speak to the specifics of the scatter market and the economics. A big piece of it, Anthony, is that it's happened pretty much over the last couple of years that as broadcast viewership declines, that it provides -- the broadcasters end up either out of sale or with less inventory. And the presents some significant pressure in a positive way for us on the cable content side of the business. And it has happened, that doesn't mean it's going to happen in the fourth quarter or in the first quarter of next year, but it has happened. And if broadcast continues to decline, that presents a real opportunity, particularly where broadcast is still on a CPM basis, garnering 35% or more increases in terms of CPI differential between broadcast and cable. So if there is headwind in a market where there's no longer sub-growth, it's the CPM differential between broadcast and cable, particularly in environments where on a regular basis, cable, including Discovery on a Friday night, could be beating broadcast networks and still trading at a discount.
David Zaslav: Yes. Well, ID, we have already begun to roll it out outside of the U.S. and we're finding some meaningful success and we do plan on accelerating that. Whether we do it by ourselves or whether we do it in some markets with a local partner to provide more local content, we haven't determined that yet. We tend to like to do it ourselves. We have a very good recipe. Our content is strong, our library is strong. We've already tested it in a number of markets and it's working. And so we think that over time, it could be a very nice leg for us to build on what's already a very robust international platform, which as you could see from this quarter, continues to accelerate and grow for us, which is a big differentiator, our international business. And the fact that ID works well, it joins Animal Planet, Science and Discovery as being channels that we could really amortize over bigger markets in the longer term.
David Zaslav: Our Education business is profitable. We're the leader in digital content into the classroom. If there's a computer in the classroom, we reach 95% of that. It's a very gated community in that if you wanted to try and replicate that distribution, you'd have to go school district by school district to do it. So it's a very valuable path into teachers and into the classroom. The economics aren't compelling, but the ability to reach and make an impression on both teachers and students throughout America is strong. It also has been a nice lead horse for us in terms of STEM. We're working very effectively with Dr. Holdren and with Obama with respect to STEM. We're a leader in Science. And with Secretary Duncan, and we're finding that being in Education also helps us around the world. A lot of what we own in Education is not -- 80% of it is not our actual video content. It's curriculum-based, science, social studies and education material. And so when we go around the world being able to have a discussion about where we are with digital content and the ability -- we provide -- we find that often it's a helper. So net-net, it's good for us to be that in that business. It feels good to be in the business, and I think it helps us.
David Zaslav: Let me take the first. ID is in there. It's not that significant. The opportunity for ID is that the CPM is still quite low and we've been working very hard, Joe Abruzzese and his team -- we have a team selling just ID. There's really nothing that's happened. It continues to grow. When we look at the fact that it's the #10 network in America, when you look in terms of all day rating, it's very powerful in terms of its reach and the amount of time people are spending with it. And so we have focused hard on how do we drive that CPM. I'd say we're in the second inning of that. And so we think we just have a lot of growth left on that asset. On international -- in Western Europe, it was mostly market share, I'm going to let Brad speak to it, but we launched a women's platform in Italy called Real Time and it's the #8 channel in all of Italy. And so by gaining market share, by launching whether it be TLC or Real Time or ID, in some of those markets, we've been able to gain some share and then monetize that. But Brad can give more specifics.
Bradley E. Singer: Sure. We added approximately $12 million to our -- to the balance of our investment during the quarter. $8 million was funded, and $5 million was accrued interest.
Bradley E. Singer: Sure, David. It's Brad. I'll take it from the question you had, pricing versus ratings. The majority of the increase of both the third and fourth quarter is due to pricing as well as a little bit more on sell-out. Ratings are basically a wash between the 2 quarters in terms of their contribution, so it's more a marketplace-driven environment. With regard to the question on where the impairment charge is, when we -- if you look at our year-to-date impairment because of the nature of our business is content, and it is uneven in how impairment is recognized as when the assets are -- no longer have a full value. And so year-to-date, we've impaired about $40 million of content in 2011, and year-to-date in 2010, it's been about $40 million. So it's just the timing of those and which quarter they fall is uneven, but year-to-date, they're about the same. With regard to domestic and international, it was primarily domestic this time. International has a lot of the same -- it uses -- it utilizes some of the same assets. And if -- when they feel and they evaluate their assets, they look at the values and whether it still is meaningful then, and they can generate revenues off it. And so that decision is made every single quarter as we look through our portfolios.
Bradley E. Singer: It's helpful to the pricing, but the scatter market premiums are also fairly robust in the fourth quarter, very consistent levels with the third quarter in sort of percent of premiums.
Bradley E. Singer: That was the cost that we allocated, Jessica. We took a portion of our existing programming assets on our balance sheet, and we allocated an expense related to it, to the rest.
Bradley E. Singer: Sure. If you look at the U.S., this quarter was a little bit of an aberration because we had catch-up of amortization. And so now you're going to have the amortization for the programming costs, or cost of revenues grow roughly in line with our cash spend, which is going to be in the 7% to 8%-ish range is where our cash spend has been in content. In terms of our SG&A costs, we had swapped some marketing costs from the first quarter into the third quarter of this year. So overall, our SG&A have been growing in the low single digits. And so from a domestic point of view, that's been about the run rate of how we've been running.
Bradley E. Singer: And Rich, just following up on your Oprah question. While we don't disclose the financials of any of our joint ventures, it is negative cash flow so we are still funding it. And in our equity pickup line -- and we did pick up a small loss related to it. So these are the 2 financial elements I would point to.
Bradley E. Singer: Well, we don't disclose total revenues. It's still -- at this point, it's still primarily advertising-driven is the revenue streams.
Bradley E. Singer: Okay, Spencer, with regard to your question on Netflix, it'll be -- the 200 to 300 basis points will be on average, so we'll be lumpier as we do deliver product. And the margin assumption again will be lumpier depending on what that asset mix, but it should be within that relevant range.
Bradley E. Singer: Ben, the Q will be filed tomorrow morning, so you'll have it then. With regard to the amortization, it's been fairly consistent how it stepped up throughout the year. It's been almost a sequential $10 million greater each quarter domestically. And it was consistent with our guidance, exactly how we laid it out. So at this point, you're at a much more now normalized moving into the fourth quarter going forward, and that will be that kind of the high -- that 7% to 8%-ish growth rate of cost of revs.
Bradley E. Singer: Sure. With regard to scatter-to-scatter, it was up -- it really depends on networks. It's usually high single digits to double -- to teens and even low 20s, depending on which network when you compare year-on-year scatter. And that trend is somewhat similar scatter-to-scatter in the fourth quarter.
Bradley E. Singer: Yes, with regard -- it really was share shifting. Italy was a big part of that, as well as TLC and the other countries I mentioned. We also -- also it was a pretty good environment for Pay TV in terms of price for most of the markets. I think the one hot market we highlighted that was not as favorable is the U.K. and it is our largest market, so that offset a little bit of the growth that we are seeing in Western Europe. But it was a combination of the elements that you walked through.
