David M. Zaslav: Okay, sure. Look, I think Netflix is a terrific company and they've had a lot of success in putting together quality content as well as acquiring content from existing players. And they've been in nonfiction and they are continuing to do some nonfiction. I think directionally, it's – they've moved to be more like an HBO and so I think in terms of where Netflix sits with us, we see them more as a premium service. Both Showtime and HBO also are doing some nonfiction and documentaries. And so we don't really see them as a competitor with our brands. Our focus really has been to get, to tighten up our brands to focus more on nourishing our core audiences so that we have super fans and we can be reaching them and build a steadier and longer viewership on each of our brands around the world. And, we have seen that with Discovery outside the US, which is continuing to grow globally, ID, which is breaking out, has grown over 10% this year domestically, and more than that outside the US, as well as Oprah and Science and Animal Planet. And, so we are really focused on curating through brands and we are finding that our pipeline is strong, particularly because of our leadership with Discovery as the number one channel for men in the U.S. and almost every market around the world. We are a first place that producers are coming to. Also, because of the amount of volume, as well as for each of our other channels, on crime, we are number one because we buy the most, in the African-American space now with Oprah, Oprah has become the number one place. I think focusing on our brands and nourishing our audience is really the key for us for growth and I think Netflix is doing quite well and it just reiterates the fact that nonfiction is strong. On DirecTV Now, we were able to work out a deal that I think works really well for DirecTV and for us. The idea with Now is that they're going to have an opportunity to reach out to subscribers that maybe they couldn't otherwise get and for us, we think a lot of that, at least hearing from DirecTV, is going to be a younger demo or cord-nevers, at least in the initial tranche. But for us, we are well covered. A number of our services are going to be carried and at least 85% of the economics we will be reaping from each subscriber. And, we expect that to the extent that it rolls out and it's meaningful, that we will find what we have found on smaller bundles around the world, that our viewership becomes stronger. So we have been able to secure a strong position which I think works well for us and works well for DirecTV because they have very high quality services to offer on DirecTV Now.
David M. Zaslav: Sure. I'd say it's really four pieces. BAMTech and getting into business with Bob Bowman is a big piece of that, from a middleware perspective, as well as access to some additional IP through them. But joint venturing with BAMTech and sharing and investing in a tech platform that we build out throughout Europe gives us a best of class platform that can hold all the streams and provide a very positive consumer interface, which we think is an improvement over what we have today. In addition, we have Ralph Rivera who ran the iPlayer, and that's sort of the – how do we aggregate all the content and how do we offer it? Right now, we are offering it as a broad offering. Ralph is looking at subdividing that to specialty groups. We now have all the majors in tennis. We have all the cycling. We have all the winter sports that we start to break that out into seasons passes and we have started to experiment with that and Ralph will create the content working with Paul. But Paul's job at DirecTV was subscriber acquisition and marketing job. And, that's what he did for Barry at HSN, and that's what he did at DirecTV. He had a team of over 300 people that drove DirecTV from 15 million subscribers to 20 million, and he had dashboards that related to customer service, reducing churn, subscriber acquisition, how do you – where do you go? What are the affinity groups that you go to and how do you attack those groups, at what pricing. And so, we have started to hire a significant number of people. We made the decision to put them in London because we view this group as a disruptor group. So rather than have our existing team that's doing a world-class job of building Eurosport, and acquiring that IP, so we have our three Eurosport channels across all of Europe and we have Eurosport.com that Peter Hutton and his team is running and that is profitable and we have been able to get great IP. Now we have our BAMTech middleware together with their IP and their know-how, we put on top of that one of the best guys in the industry, with huge experience in offering content directly to consumers, and then Paul on top of all of it, responsible to drive it. And, look, there is no – when you think about Europe with over 700 million people, and only 50% pay penetration, there's huge opportunity here, we think, to go over the top. There's the 50% that aren't getting any of the Eurosport content at all, and then even when we are showing the Eurosport content on our channels, we have so much IP that there's a huge amount that's not being seen. And so that will be an attack. Our sports Netflix in Europe is something that we are taking seriously, and we see it as a disruptor and we think it could be a huge value creator. But, we think it's just the beginning. Because, when we look at all of our IP now, we've spent the last four years building our content, owning it on all platforms and whether it's science, whether it's auto, whether it's African-American, we think that there's an opportunity with all that content paid for, to go direct to consumer, either for a fee or for free and build additional economics and additional bites at the apple.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks so much, John. First, I'd say that we really view Discovery globally. So this year globally, Discovery is up in a meaningful way. In the US, we are down a little bit. We are still the number one network for men in the US. We still beat ESPN six months of the last 12 months, but we have a group that we are talking to everyday that feels like Discovery is really on brand. We could put more content on there just to get ratings or we could put content on there that would be very US-centric, but we really look at Discovery as a global platform and measure it in terms of how we are gaining share around the world. Rich Ross had a huge success with his miniseries Harley and the Davidsons and we took that around the world and we are finding some meaningful success with that. Gold Rush is back and doing quite well. Alaska: The Last Frontier is back. So we have a lot of content coming in the fourth quarter, I think you'll see some meaningful improvement. But most importantly, the channel is on brand. We have done well with our scripted series and we have some real documentaries that are meaningful that have been on the air, that are reminding people of what Discovery is when it's at its best. So we feel good about Discovery. TLC has been a challenge. But I think we are making the turn. We now have a Sunday night that's really strong with 90 Day Fiancé, where we are number one or two for women on Sunday night again. The overall trend in the last few weeks has been better. But we've worked really hard over the last 18 months on our development and on figuring out how – what is TLC when it's at its best and how has it changed over the last couple of years. Where did we lose some acceleration? And Nancy Daniels and her team together with the global TLC team, has been digging in and we think we have some good content coming up in the fourth quarter and first quarter, so we think that we can help turn that around. And each of these channels are at times a bit of a challenge. Oprah was a challenge for us, the OWN network, and now it's a top 10 or top 12 network in America and it's number one for African-Americans. For a period of time, ID a year and a half ago, was stalled and Henry and his team got really focused on, what is ID, how do we nourish that audience? And now it's back on track and growing in a meaningful way and it's number one for women. And so, I think our creative teams are strong. We're not going to have all 14 of our channels growing all at the same time, but as we look at our overall share globally, whether it's in the women's category or the men's, over the last year, we continue to grow.
David M. Zaslav: Well, I'm not going to get into the rates on any specific deal, but I'll say that, look, we had a very good equitable argument when we went into our renewals a few years ago. When we did the deals eight years ago, seven years ago, five years ago, we were getting about 5% or 6% share, and we were getting 4% or 5% of the money. Our share went up to 12% or 13%. We launched ID, it became number one for women. We launched OWN and it was successful. Discovery came back to being number one. And we invested a lot more in content. So when we went out to the, all the distributors, we were able to get a significant step up and double-digit increases. And now we're done with all of our deals and that's true across the board. We were also able to secure good protection for our channels against tiering and real protection that we were going to get carried in a meaningful way in any offering. It helps us that our top five channels or six channels represent about 85% or 87% of the money. You know, exactly what happens with DirecTV now and where that growth comes from, we don't see that as being an issue. We see it as being an opportunity. There's a lot of people that probably weren't able to afford the traditional DirecTV product that may buy that $35 product. And if they do, we're going to have a lot of channels on there. Each of those channels are very strong brands. And we've seen in markets like Brazil and Mexico and in many of the markets in Europe where we only have half of our channels carried, if we can preserve most of the economics, the viewership on those channels grow and the strength of the brands grow. And so we're rooting for DirecTV with NOW. We also think that creates a nice marketplace driver. So if the other distributors in the market decide to do something like that, the biggest impediment right now is the price of cable in the US. It's something that we don't see in most markets around the world, and it's mostly driven by high sports fees. And so the biggest issue that we have in Northern Europe, Rich, is it's one of the few markets where cable TV is $100. And the result of cable being $100 is that there have been a lot of people that have gone to other services or disconnected. And that's not true across almost all of Europe or Latin America. And here in the US, one of the things that has stopped the growth of cable is pricing in all that sports. So the idea that somebody can do a $35 offering, and we can get most of our economics and more share, that's a positive. The second thing is we've already gone directly to consumers with Discovery Go, which is going very well so far. And as I said, 50% of the people that are spending time with Discovery Go are under 34 and about 40% are under 25. And they are watching an hour and they're watching all the commercials. And so we've already said next year we expect at least 1% of additional growth in ad sales because of Discovery Go. And we think it could be north of that. We have a Dplay product in Europe where we're also going direct to consumer, so we're learning a lot about all that, and I think you will see all the work that we did where we said, let's not fight for ratings, let's fight for super fans and strength of brand, that we'll be able to take that brand to people around the world. And I've said it before, but when you take like a science product, what would a science app that's $1.99 or $2.99 when we already have it in 55 languages look like if we could take it around the world and make it available to the over 1.0 billion subscribers that currently get our content? And so, we think with our content paid for, direct-to-consumer is an opportunity, but I would say that we really view the existing ecosystem as quite solid. So I think owning great content that has super fans and being able to take that to consumers is a real opportunity for additional meaningful growth. And in the case of sports, it could be a huge driver for us. But the existing ecosystem around the world remains strong and I think it's more of a, what's going to be in four years, five years and six years in terms of getting directly to consumer or seven years, than in the next few where things seem really pretty stable around the world when you look at subscribers
David M. Zaslav: We are seeing a bit of a tale of two cities. If you look at Northern Europe, as I talked about earlier, they have this – they are uniquely seeing putt levels decline over the last two years, and we are all feeling that. A piece of it is ratings, which we think we can correct, but a piece of it is that there's a – there's something meaningful that has happened there over the last two years that has not had any kind of systemic impact in Europe or Latin America, we're gestationally in different positions. So when you look to Northern – when you look to Northern Europe, if you exclude that and you exclude the UK, where Brexit has presented real challenges in terms of the advertising market, we are seeing in Latin America and throughout Europe high single, mostly double-digit growth still. So we are seeing low double across Europe and Latin America, and then we've got a Brexit challenge and we have a putt level challenge in Northern Europe, Norway, Denmark, Sweden where we're fighting that fight. We think we can improve it a little bit, but we can't say right now whether the viewership levels on television are going to continue to decline or ameliorate. Right now it looks like it's a slow, steady decline up there, more so than we're seeing across most of Europe, which is contrary to what we're seeing in Latin America where there's still meaningful growth. And Eastern Europe, we are seeing meaningful growth in viewership as well as subscribers.
David M. Zaslav: And on taking our content direct to consumer, we're now in 70% of the country with DGo and we have a strong relationship with a lot of the distributors that are helping us to promote it. So we feel like that's on a good track. We are really working on driving the authentication. When it comes to our sports product, we are putting in place a team that will work on marketing. The best case is, one of the things that you saw with AT&T is it's something that I have been talking about for a year and half that we have been seeing. It used to be the triple play, but more and more in Europe now, you are seeing the quadruple play. You are seeing wireless, broadband multi-channel to the home. There's still some fixed phone, but it's much less relevant as we all know. And so with that type, there comes a commoditization and we saw it across Europe, as BT tried to de-commoditization their platform by owning special IP, you see it with Deutsch Telecom, you see it with Vodafone, you see it with Telenor, you see it in Latin America. So, for a long time I have been saying, that that pipe is getting commoditized. And when you are holding on to that pipe, if there's one or two guys next door that are offering the same thing, it becomes a real challenge and it's almost a race to the bottom. And so we have seen that around the world. And the reach, when that happens is IP de-commoditize the platform. And so, some of the deals that we've been able to do, whether it's with Canal+, whether it's discussions with the mobile guys, which is something we're having now much more aggressively, where everyone is looking for IP to attach to their pipe, to de-commoditize it. And so, I think that the positive side of AT&T, is it's an affirmation that owning great IP is important. Of course it raises some significant issues for content owners in terms of how they are going to be carried on their platform. But the point is that the right deals for us, in Europe or Latin America, could be quite advantageous to driving this product. There's no reason why this product shouldn't be driven by the mobile players across Europe. And so, if you buy a particular wireless product, you can get the Eurosport Player. If you sign up for a particular distributor, you can get the Eurosport Player. They can bill for it. So if we expect that over the next period of time, that there will be some bundling of our product, just like Netflix is now getting bundled with Liberty Global, or bundled with other distributors, that it's a way of making and offering. The difference is, that in some of the markets in Europe, it could be exclusive. So we could be marketing ourselves direct to the consumer. We have Eurosport, so people are watching the sports that they love. We could be telling them the next match is on the Eurosport Player, so sign up. So we could be our own direct promotion through unsold inventory, which makes us unique and different from Netflix. But also, we have our direct reach. And, we have 10 channels to 12 channels in each market, where we are reaching specific demos. But then there's also, we think, the opportunity over time, over the near term, over the next year or two, once we have this best of class player working with Bowman and BAMTech and we have the product that we think works, because we have the IP that we think works, that we start to have distributors become sub-distributors for us, which we think also will reduce churn in a meaningful way, because we will be packaged along with other billing by distributors. So this idea of the quadruple play and this fight to de-commoditize the pipe, I think, for people that own IP, and could offer it across all the different platforms, is going to be a real meaningful opportunity for growth.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Todd. We have been focused on trying to – I think more than anybody else, we have been growing brands domestically around the world, and as you have seen our company evolve over the last ten years that I have been here, we have taken a meaningful amount of investment in content and new brands. So we have gone from investing $500 million in content to over $2 billion. And, as opposed to just growing and defending Discovery and TLC and Animal Planet, there's a number of channels that are having a real impact in the U.S. and around the world that didn't exist; whether it's ID, Velocity, which we call DMax or Turbo around the world, Oprah, which didn't exist a few years ago. And so, if you look at our channels, the top six represent 85% or 87% of the ratings, and 85% or 87% of the economics. That is where our primary focus is, but we have some other niche channels that we are playing around with and they have also been a farm team for us. Some of the content that starts on those channels ends up going to our bigger networks and it's a little bit of a secret sauce for us. Survivor Man and How It's Made started on Science and they became strong performers on Discovery and we are still finding that around the world. But directionally, even though we have between 10 channels and 12 channels, in most markets, we have 8 channels that represent 85% or 90% of our economics or 85% or 90% of our share. And so, that's where we are focusing and as we look at a world that is going to be changing over the next couple of years, we have been spending most of our time making sure those channels are stronger, those brands are stronger, and the people that are watching those networks feel more connected and affiliated with them.
David M. Zaslav: Okay. Let's start with Group 9. We were doing, with Seeker & SourceFed, about half a billion streams, and we found that those streams actually had very good CPMs, but we needed a sales team, which we had, that was selling those 500 million streams. When we went to talk to advertisers, they liked the demo that we had, but we were like the – we were number 20 in line. So putting this together with Thrillist, The Dodo and NowThis, we get a number of things. One is we get 3.5 billion to 4 billion streams a month, which gives us – makes us the number three player, four player or five player in the space. So already advertisers are calling us saying, we like the demo that you have, we like the scale that you have, how can we do more business with you? That's number one. Two is, there's an ad sales team that's working for Ben Layer, a very strong CEO that's running the whole business, and we'll be able to take advantage of having one big sales team sell the 3.5 billion to 4 billion streams, which is a real advantage. The third is, they have a fantastic data analytics business, which is – we were faced with the question of do we build a very big sales team? Do we build a big data analytics structure? And how do we scale up our half a billion? And so we view this as a three part. We got the 3.5 billion to 4 billion, so we got scale. We have a great sales team as we picked the best and the brightest of all of these companies and Ben pulls it together, and the third is we got a great data analytics structure. I mean, that data analytics structure built NowThis in the last year and a half to be the number one provider of news on Facebook. And they also with have two Snapchat channels. So, for us we've got scale, we have data analytics, we have an ad sales team that we can rely on. We're more in the front of the line. And we were out in San Francisco last week, we were with the Facebook guys and they're transitioning their platforms to video and we're in the top two or three providers of video to Facebook. And we got to work on how do we monetize that content, and that's why we were out there talking to them. In our one minute and one and a half minute videos are generating so much energy for Facebook, how do we get more value out of that? It's not in our plan right now but it's going to happen, but if it does happen, which I think eventually hopefully it will, the value of a business like this could be huge. And finally, we pick up a stronger relationship with Snapchat, where we pick up two channels. And so I think for us, we now own 39% of it, we've got a great leadership team running it, we'll see over the next few years how it develops and it gives us great optionality and it gives us a great support system. Finally, Eurosport and the whole partnership with BAM, that relates to sports. And we're going to be going at that very hard. And, remember, the reason why we think it's so compelling is that Netflix spends over $6 billion to $7 billion a year on content. We're going to be offering our sports content across Europe and our cost of content is zero because we're already making – our margins are already in the teens for Eurosport. And so this could be a very profitable business for us. It's not that different from the cable players that were able to build a business model on the coaxial cable and multichannel to the home and then being able to take a second bite at the apple and offer broadband without a lot of cost. And so we have to prove it out, but we think we have something quite strong. When it comes to science our auto, that's something we can offer globally and we can offer it direct to consumer, we can offer it through distributors because we already are the – we have a huge amount of that content in language, and we're just playing there with the best way to offer it. And we're having a lot of discussions with consumers about what they like, what they like about our content and how to package it.
Andrew C. Warren: Sure, it's Andy, Vasily. Yeah, so the answer to the question around volume growth in Southern Europe and really it also applies to Latin America and Eastern Europe. It's what we call the power ratio. And we've talked before about the share of economics following the share of viewership, and if you look at those two regions, Latin America, Southern Europe and Eastern Europe, you are still seeing strong double-digit growth there because we just have so much catch up to do relative to the economics following viewership and share. So you'll continue to see us talk about, while Olympics certainly was some headwind in those markets, no question that this – the overall trend of our performance from a macro perspective and from an economics perspective continues to be a great tailwind for us. With regard to Eurosport, look, we don't anymore split out Eurosport, but not only because it's so integrated now with the rest of the business. We go to the affiliate marketplace as one company. A lot of the ad sales now, while we are seeing tremendous outgrowth on Eurosport, given its new platform, we don't think of it as being a standalone entity anymore from a reporting perspective. While margins are a little less, still positive, a little less, given the dynamics of sports rights relative to some of the third quarter ad sales challenges that we talked about, no question the trend there is still positive. We are still seeing a growth in the top line for Eurosport related product and we are still seeing, over the long term, profit growth and margin growth for that asset.
Andrew C. Warren: It's Andy, Anthony. So look, on the fourth quarter ad dollars, I'll look at it this way, there's going to be some pluses and some minuses. The pluses are A, clearly still a strong market. We're still seeing double digit scatter over up front, we're still seeing high single scatter over scatter and so the market continues to be our friend and there's good volume and there's good pricing there. So clearly, there's some positive there. We are also still seeing some positives from some pricing on Discovery (51:50) Go, and we've talked about the audience profile there skewing so much younger and more female. So those are clearly still positive trends that exist in the fourth quarter. I think on the negative side, one is the deconsolidation of our digi-nets, due to the deal that we announced where we are combining our assets to get a much bigger viewership share, and, look, the other is the universe declines and some pretty conservative view on our ratings. Clearly, there's some upside potential there. We're seeing some traction. We talked about ID, we've talked about Velocity. But, we've taken a pretty conservative view on ratings and the universe. So, I think we have a real chance to over deliver on that expectation, but we are trying to set expectations right as we think about the next kind of two months.
Andrew C. Warren: Yeah, it's the same level, Anthony. We've kind of been at the slightly below 2% to 2%. We are not seeing any acceleration there. So we're still thinking about a 2% decline in the fourth quarter.
