Jean-Briac Perrette: Yes. I mean, Bryan, just the only other thing I'd add, on pricing, as Dave said, we'll come out with more specific, but you should imagine it will be priced very attractively for the consumer. As a reference point, it's really working off of the Max stand-alone and the existing Disney+ and Hulu package bundle. So as a comparative basis, it will be priced very attractively for consumers.  The second -- on the flip side, for us, on the ARPU side, it also has a very strong deal for both parties that we feel very, very good about. And obviously, not to mention the LTV of those subscribers we expect to be significantly better than what we see today.  On the marketing, it's two-pronged. We will have a significant amount of marketing support from both parties, both third-party marketing as well as on air and our own platforms, driving to the bundle. And then at least, as importantly, the buy flows and everywhere you see people once they get into the buy flow, whether they're coming in for the bundle or they're coming in just for our stand-alone products, there's high prominence of the offering across all the buy flows on both sides, both Disney and ourselves.  And then on the international side, look, you should expect, obviously, this has been a very big priority for us, as David said, and we are -- we haven't really executed similar. We've done a lot of international partnerships and bundles with telco, mobile and broadband players. And as you'll see us roll out in Europe and as we announced on Tuesday when we come to markets on Wednesday -- sorry, when we come to markets like -- new markets like France, we have big partnerships with people like Canal, Free, Orange, SFR, all the big mobile telco players, that will continue to be our strategy. And then partnerships with other programmers and other streamers we will continue to explore, and I think you should see that in our road map in the quarters to come. 
Jean-Briac Perrette: Yes. Just the only thing I'd add is, look, I think what happened in the 2010s is the industry went down a very dangerous financial path of trying to invest in every type of content in every genre to try and be something for everyone. And at the end of the day, we know where that led us to. We're now getting back to all being great at what we do and swim in the lanes that we were great at. Disney, obviously, is incomparable and world leader in kids and family. We are world leaders in premium dramas, scripted drama, comedy, nonfiction verticals. And we can get back to investing and prioritizing our lanes and our key content, they can do theirs.  And synthetically, these bundles allow us to do that while still providing the consumer with a very attractive price for the combination of products such that they feel like they don't need to any more do all the switching in and out of services month-to-month, but rather pay and get an advantage of one price. And even if they don't use the service in one month, they still feel like they're getting great value and they might use it the next month. And so it's got a lot of rationale by pulling these together and makes us all be able to go back to investing in the areas that we really are great at. 
Jean-Briac Perrette: Thanks, Rich. On the marketing question for the bundle, look, both parties will continue to market clearly their offerings. And obviously, if you think about the majority of the market spend, it's really related to content marketing. So each of us will still have responsibility and we'll continue to market our content on our -- from our individual companies. And those will be attributed to the Max service or the Disney+ service or the Hulu service.  In the performance side of the house, I think you will see a heavy lean-in on the bundle and it will be launched and then we'll do obviously more heavier lean-ins periodically throughout the year.  But my point about the buy flows, Rich, is that even if we're individually marketing our services -- or our content, I should say, the reality is once you get to that landing page, once you get to the top of the fold on our buy flows, the bundle -- this bundle will be prominently positioned such that people will see it every time they go in through the buy flows. And so whether it's marketing of individual content pieces, marketing of individual services or marketing of the bundle, you won't be able to not see this offer as part of the buy flow, whether you're coming in through Max, Hulu or Disney+, which is the prominence that we think is really important and visibility to help drive more -- obviously, not just awareness, but ultimately subscriber growth from them. 
Jean-Briac Perrette: Yes. Well, I think, Steven, to David's point, the fact that up until we launched in LatAm, our ad-lite offering and SKU was only in the United States for HBO Max. It's a good example of where, as we look to partner with all sorts of distributors across the world, oftentimes you're right, there is pressure to do it at a price point that is more attractive and less costly to the partner.  And so launching that SKU across Latin America in a number of markets in Europe not only ultimately helps us go after a new customer segment that's more price sensitive at the lower end of the price points, but also allows us to work with partners who are more price sensitive in those partnerships and find a way to make it more affordable for them to get into business with us while at the same time not seeing ARPU dilution because that SKU and success is our highest ARPU SKU.  And so we get the benefits of new distribution from new customers and better partnership opportunities by getting that SKU out into markets and into partnerships with new players.  And the LTV, I would say, which is obviously the other metric that we track very closely, our bundled partnerships generally do have some of the highest LTVs we see. And so obviously, we evaluate every deal on its own merits. We make sure that we're making the right trade-offs. But we look at both ARPU and LTV as the core metrics when we think about the values of those partnerships. 
David Zaslav: Yes. And one of the advantages that we're seeing is by having 10 to 12 channels in every country and free-to-air and local content all over the world, we have relationships with all these distributors. And when you saw deals here in the U.S., this innovative deal that Bob and Chris did with Charter and Disney, those are deals outside the U.S. that you'll see replicated or already happening, and you'll see it as we launch, that allow for a real advantage for the fact that we're already in business. A real advantage that not only are we in business, but that consumers are watching our content. And we'll be transitioning a lot of those consumers to watching us through our Max product. 
David Zaslav: It does feel like this is a moment in terms of what the next year or 2 years will bring. I said a while back that this is a generational disruption. I went through a generation -- a disruption not quite as big as this, but when my career started, when the cable business was getting started, that was a real disruption.  And as we look at what happens ahead, there likely will be a restructuring of how people view content and there's a lot of irrationality in the market that's getting shaken out in terms of the amount of money spent. We said early on, it's not how much, it's how good and that's what we're focusing on. And ultimately, I think the business will look very different in 2 to 3 years. And it will be much better for consumers, from our perspective. 
David Zaslav: Thanks, Jessica. Look, we've spent the last 2 years at the very essence has been -- the investment community uses the word synergy. The way we looked at it is we had an opportunity to restructure each business to start over. What does this business look like if we started today, to build a business that will be successful for the future. We did that at Warner Bros. Motion Picture. We did that at Disney. We did at DC. We did that with Max and HBO. We did it with our channels business, our production business on Warner Bros. Television.  And for us, it's really 2 tiers. One is, we got rid of a lot of content we didn't think it was going to help us. But at the same time, we brought in a lot of great creatives and invested in a lot of content. So it's how do we run these businesses efficiently for real free cash flow and drive for growth.  But two, creative excellence. How do we have the best content? In this past year, HBO had maybe its best year ever, and in addition to that, Warner Bros. Television has some of the best, highest quality TV production. And we're looking at our Motion Picture business now, which we're feeling really good about. It's #1 at the start the year, but we have a lot of great content.  And so I think it's that combination. Great content, great creatives, how it's fighting to tell the best stories on every platform. And then running it like a real business, real free cash flow and real EBIT.  And I think those 2 are going to -- will drive us for the future. And -- but it all starts with the content. If our content is great, that's our mantra: the best content will win. And we have to continue to tell the best stories. 
David Zaslav: Yes. When you think about the D2C business in the U.S., we need to fix the consumer experience and I think these bundling structures that we've come up with in sports and with Disney will help to do that.  But we're a global business. We're in business almost in virtually every country in the world with multiple channels or free-to-air channels and 2/3 of a mature, if the subscription business is gestationally beginning to mature, come from outside the U.S. So when we launch with the Olympics, we're just getting started outside the U.S.  So when you look at our subs, this is a big moment for us. And we think we have a real advantage because we have local content in every market. We've got relationships in every market. And this new idea of distributors, particularly in Europe and as well as Latin America, recognizing they don't want to get left behind and they're starting to talk to us proactively about moving our content onto broadband, how can they offer our products in a way because they don't want to be the antiquated cable operator. They want to be the cable operator and the channel store as well.  So all of that, I think, bodes very well for our future. You have to be global. This is not a game for U.S.-only companies. Have to be global, above the globe. 
David Zaslav: We're only doing a 30-second spot or a 60-second spot. And for those that are purchasing ad-lite, I don't -- I think there's an expectation that there would be more advertising than that. It wouldn't be approaching any kind of significant density, but you could easily go up to 2 or 3 minutes, double or triple what we're doing now. 
David Zaslav: And look, we're always looking for good content. We structured a deal a while back for South Park, which has been a great product for us. When NASCAR came available for the summer, we bought some NASCAR. We have hockey, which we've done and -- which we added in the last few years, we're having a lot of success with. So any content company that we're -- we bought a movie output deal with A24.  Anytime there's an opportunity to buy content that we think will enhance our offering, whether it's a specific piece of content or whether it's a broad swath of content, if we think it can provide a better consumer experience and strengthen our offering, we're always looking at opportunities. 
David Zaslav: This change of working with existing distributors is really meaningful. Because these distributors, cable operators, broadband players across Europe with the innovative deal that Chris did, what they're basically saying is that they want to take part. They want to be part of the content opportunity and the content economics in the new world.  And so when you're working with an existing distributor where we have all these economics against our cable business with distributors in 180, 200 countries around the world, they don't want to see that relationship go away when people start consuming on -- through broadband, on app, more contemporary products. And so they're starting to really recognize that there's a real opportunity for them as well in recapturing those economics through broadband product.  Why should they stand by and let somebody else get the revenue share on viewership of the quality content that we have that we're transitioning over a period of time from free-to-air and cable to more contemporary app products? So the fact that we're working with broad distributors and they're starting to recognize the value for them to be hard bundling, marketing, driving this to recapture that younger consumer is a very, very good trend for us and for the industry. 
David Zaslav: And one company really -- you really see it in the ability to market globally. You saw it with Barbie, Wonka, with dune: Two, with Godzilla. You saw it with House of the Dragon, The Last of Us. When we launch House of the Dragon again, every platform, every platform everywhere in the world will be promoting it. But it won't be just in spots, it will be all of our talent talking about what's coming up on Max.  And it's something that's become very attractive and it's recognized in the community, that this is a place where if you create great content, that the Warner Bros. Discovery team will globally get behind it. People will know it's coming and we'll generate a lot of energy behind any great content. And so I think that's becoming one of the signatures of this company: one company and the ability to market globally like no one else. 
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes. I mean, look, for the Upfront, I think it's a little early. We definitely hope to continue some of the momentum that we've seen last year. I would also say that we're operating in a much more constructive environment this year than we did last year. So hopefully, that will be supportive.  To your point, Jessica, about the differentiation between D2C and linear, really, one of the things that's working very well right now is that convergence, the way John and the team take our inventory to the market is fully harmonized. Now it's across platforms incremental reach. We're leaning in further. You've seen some nice growth rates for our D2C inventory. We've got more to take to the market. We're taking it to the market with more data-driven product like the Olli announcement that we made earlier. And so there should be further opportunity. We're just getting started.  And look, longer term, there is definitely more opportunity here. We have been very transparent about the significant monetization difference between linear and digital advertising. David talked about AI a couple of minutes ago, certainly, that should be a helper longer term as we think about our go-to-market here. So definitely some upside.  And maybe one thing to add to your question about the surprises here, I think if you take a step back and look at our numbers right now, what we just discussed for the first quarter, we have full conviction that our Studio can earn a lot more than it is doing right now.  We have full conviction that JB and Casey and the team are on an incredibly successful track. But as we've laid out many, many times before, this doesn't happen overnight, but we're seeing the sausage we're making. We're seeing how we're running the company fundamentally differently that's not reflected in our current and near-term financials. And I think that's going to be the surprise as we come through and show you what the D2C business and our content business can do longer term as we come out of the transformation. 
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Well, it's certainly beginning to shine through, but I think there's a lot more opportunity. The thing to keep in mind here is we've got to differentiate between the traditional linear and D2C advertising.  Obviously, on the D2C platform, we are enjoying all the benefits that everybody else enjoys in terms of being plugged into all the key marketplace platforms and taking advantage of data partnerships in the marketplace.  But also on the traditional linear side, it's important to remember that with the shift in the distribution landscape, we've got a much greater share of virtual MVPDs in the mix. That opens up opportunities for us to do targeted advertising with dynamic ad insertion within the linear streams. And those are some areas where we see additional opportunity.  And if you take that together with the fact that JB is bringing in more and more ad-lite subscribers, that drives additional scale that not only drives inventory, but also a real scale advantage as we increase our reach across the combined platform.  So to answer your question more precisely, I think it's starting to come through, but this is going to be a growth cycle, I think, for many, many years to come. 
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes. Look, I mean, in terms of replacing linear ad sales, again, one important point that I want to reiterate, and we've made this a couple of times before, I think it's too simplistic to just look at, okay, we're doing, whatever, $7 billion of linear advertising today and that's going to transition elsewhere because the viewership is transitioning elsewhere. I do believe that we're going to see a very, very long period of coexistence. And feedback we're getting from the marketplace and the success we're seeing in our ad sales go-to-market, I think, supports that. So those environments are going to coexist.  But as I said before, we are seeing significant acceleration on the streaming side. We've gone through the CPM benefits that we're getting with a more targeted and more direct advertising approach. And we are seeing that there is a long runway for inventory growth on the streaming side as well. Again, 2 years ago, everybody thought that this was going to be an ad-free environment. I think we can clearly conclude that, that's not the case and we're still in the early innings.  If you just compare the penetration of ad-lite subscribers as a percentage of the total subscriber base, it's growing, but still from a lower starting point. if you look at ad loads and a lot of the offerings -- by the way, specifically for HBO, which for years has had zero advertising embedded and we're taking very careful steps still to increase that, yet we're already seeing pretty significant. 
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And if you look at the combined company, as we said in our prepared remarks, I mean, the combined company advertising trend is still down, obviously, with what we're seeing in linear. But it's gone from down 10% to down 7% and that's really driven by some of that support we're seeing in the streaming world. 
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And then, Steve, on the continuous improvement mindset, again, it's -- I think it's important to take a step back. The large part of this company and maybe the entire industry just was never very focused on financial discipline. We have dramatically changed that. We have a completely different mindset across the entire management team now. And that starts from the creatives who know that the creative stories need to be great, but we're also running a business. And we have so many different processes in place now and some of those pay dividends over time.  Again, I mentioned the content workflow systems in my opening remarks here. If you designed Warner Bros. Discovery today, you would not create 12 different content systems, 14 different teams, the issues that HBO Max faced in '21 where they tried to roll out the product and were simply not able to get our content assets through the pipes because it was all duct taped together. We're in the process of working through all that.  My own financial systems, the corporate systems, we're still ripping out 5 different ERP systems. I have 225 financial boundary systems that we're replacing.  These things are paying dividends over many, many years. And what's also important is the one company mentality that just didn't exist on the Time Warner/ WarnerMedia side, everybody is fully focused and fully aligned. Our linear teams are proud to deliver the cash flow that we need as a company to fund our investments. They're proud to deliver the content regardless of whether it works on linear networks or whether you have applied it on [ sets ] working in the D2C space. And... 
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And even in our growth business under JB and Casey, we're still focused on this. There's a difference between an investment and an expense. And there is -- it's not a coincidence that we're leading in terms of profitability while we're getting ready to significantly accelerate our growth over the next couple of years. 
