Ken Lowe: Thank you, David, for those very kind words. You're much too generous. I'm very pleased to be sitting here today with David, Gunnar, Bruce and the Discovery team to talk about this exciting combination. Bringing Scripps together with Discovery creates an industry leader that will open up new opportunities in the United States and around the world to serve our advertisers, our distribution partners and our superfans. At Scripps, we have successfully transitioned from a US focused TV network company to a comprehensive and global lifestyle content business. Just like Discovery, we're delivering our content on a multitude of platforms, building deeper connections with consumers everywhere regardless of device or geography. This agreement presents an unmatched opportunity to grow Scripps leading lifestyle brands like HGTV, Food Network and Travel Channel across the world and on new and emerging social and mobile platforms. Discovery has a terrific set of brands, a great management team and it's built the best and broadest international platform in the world. They know how to take entertainment brands, take things global, make them better than anybody else. And Discovery has already extended Scripps programming into international regions such as Latin America, and this has demonstrated the significant upside potential to extend our brands around the world. Each of our companies has made strong progress driving innovation in mobile, over-the-top and direct-to-consumer platforms. Together, no doubt, we'll be a more innovative enterprise in short-form video as well as branded content, endemic advertising and data driven marketing. We can quickly accelerate our progress with best practice sharing, greater scale and a deeper portfolio of brands, ensuring we continue to grow our relationship with our passionate fans worldwide. I'm really delighted to be joining the board of the combined company, and I look forward to working closely with David and the entire Discovery board and team to drive growth and create long-term value for our shareholders. I'd also like to make sure that you saw our 8-K that we filed this morning with our earnings pre-announcement. In light of the agreement with Discovery, we wanted to provide you with an early look at our second quarter results and our updated full year guidance. As our 8-K indicates, due to continued ratings and impression softness in the US market, as evident in our second quarter ad results, we now expect 2017 total company revenue growth to be approximately 4% versus our prior guidance of 6%. And due to the lower revenue outlook combined with higher expected programming and SG&A expense, we now expect full year total company adjusted segment profit to be approximately flat for the year versus our prior guidance of up 3%. I will not be taking questions about Scripps financial update on this conference call, but you can follow up with our team with additional questions on our results. With that, let me turn it back over to Gunnar.
Ken Lowe: Well, yes, John. I just echo a lot of what David has said. When you look at the future of bringing Scripps into Discovery, it really future proofs our brands, I think, on a global basis. First, let me just say how proud I am today of all our employees and the brands they built, the digital businesses they've built. And now to be able to think about this on a global basis, combining with Discovery, is really exciting. And to echo what David said, the content that we have so successfully, both companies, created developed on linear, now has this huge opportunity on digital basis, on a social basis, on short-form video. And John, you've heard us talk about this for several years now. How we pivoted the company and how we've successfully started moving into these areas. So it's just a historic day for Scripps, for the Scripps family, for the employees of Scripps Networks Interactive, and we couldn't be more excited about the future together and the possibilities that are out there.
Ken Lowe: Yes. And Alexia, I totally agree with your scenario about top line growth. Just give you one example, and we've talked about it recently. In January, we launched HGTV in Poland, as you know. It immediately, just overnight, has become the second lifestyle network, second only to our other lifestyle network there, Style. But what's been interesting is we've already seen the same pattern with HGTV in Poland that we've seen domestically. And that is the ancillary revenue opportunities, as David said, endemic advertising, the social media that's already sparking up around this. So just imagine launching our brands globally, as David has said, and having the same attributes on a global basis that we've seen domestically. So we think we can bring a lot of firepower to the top line growth with these brands as we accelerate their launch around the world.
Ken Lowe: Well, as we've talked about on our earnings calls over the past several years, these brands bring along an affinity group, a passionate group of folks that we like to say do, what they view. And as we have been able to dig deeper into data, for example, let's take the HGTV Dream Home, where we had over 130 million entries in this year's home. Those are opportunities to get direct communication with consumers where we can bore deeper on data, find out viewing patterns, find out behavior patterns and most importantly buying patterns, and that's why we've been able to over-index on advertising. And if you really look at the future, we've talked about this many times, again, it's taking what we - both companies have done an outstanding job on linear television and now, thinking about how we take that globally to bring in additional revenue streams. So based on everything we have to date and looking at each other, this is just the perfect marriage as far as two companies and two incredible management teams and employee groups coming together.
Ken Lowe: Right, and even on the accretion, I think we kind of hit a sweet spot with a 70-30 cash versus equity mix, making use of the balance sheet without jeopardizing investment-grade rating. So we clearly look at a deal which is going to be accretive in the first year already. I will also say that the $350 million synergy number, I'm very, very confident with our ability to achieve that. To remind you, we're planning to achieve 100% of that by 2019 and about 50% in 2018. And as I said earlier, I'm very, very confident that we will not only achieve but likely overachieve this number.
Ken Lowe: Well, Rich, as a now former free radical, no longer floating around out there. Look, I think you bring up a great question, but what we're finding, and I think that you could say the same for Discovery, is some of these brands have a very passionate base that may not necessarily, for the future, be a linear platform or a platform that we necessarily have thought about in the past. So when we think about these brands and especially on a global basis and beyond the deals that David and I have been doing for, as he said, 30 years, I believe we've been together that long, but I think we have to think in terms of might some of these reside in direct-to-consumer type brands, which would have a different financial model. But it's way too early, at least, I'm just speaking for the Scripps side, to start thinking about which brands “go away” as opposed to which brands are better positioned in a different format and a different delivery, and we're already working on some of those. You've heard us talk about it. If you take, for example, Food and Cooking, maybe you're only interested just in Italian cooking, maybe you're only interested in French cooking, comfort cooking. Those are passionate consumer bases that may or may not support a video or social model or short-form model. So I think the great thing about putting these two combined companies together, and I just have to go back through some of the headline numbers, 8,000 hours we're creating collectively each year. We have ownership of 300,000 hours. So let's think more about the opportunities ahead of us, less about what goes away as businesses. What other businesses can we enhance and develop? And to me, that's the real excitement of the announcement today, Rich.
Ken Lowe: Yes. I mean it's there. They're there. It takes a while - it takes - David will tell you, it takes a while to build these organizations out, to get them structured, to get on the ground, and we have found that. So this really just accelerates everything for Scripps.
Ken Lowe: Sure. Well, first off, I think, from day one, this was all about value. It was all about the right place, as far as the Scripps family was concerned, for the company, the brands and the employees. So you looked at total value overall, but - and I can't speak specifically for the family, obviously, but I think the tax issue part of it became less important over time than did what was the right partnership and the right place for SNI, for Scripps networks. So they're very excited of reuniting, if you will, with the Newhouse family. The Scripps and Newhouse family goes back for a number of years, joint newspaper operations. The Scripps family and John Malone owned cable systems together back in the '80s and '90s. So the opportunity to team once again with great partners, great stakeholders, and evaluation that the family felt for all shareholders is the best possible outcome, I think, is really what drove the family's approval of this deal. So taxes are always a consideration, but on top of value is very much about what was right for this company going forward and what was right for the employees. So that's probably the best way to answer that part.
Ken Lowe: And let me just add one thing because David was so generous with his comments up front. For a company that I helped create, to be able to bring it to this level and now see the opportunities that Discovery brings to Scripps, that's exciting. But to turn the keys over to a person who I've known, as David said, for over 30 years and have nothing but the utmost respect for on a personal and professional basis, to know that David is going to be leading these two companies forward as they come together, for me, is personally exciting. And I can't wait to see what the future holds because it's going to be a great run and a great ride, and I'm so pleased and happy for my friend, David.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Good morning, everyone. I will now provide more details on the terms and financial expectations for this transaction. Let me start with a recap of some key parameters. The purchase price values Scripps equity at $11.9 billion plus approximately $2.7 billion of rolled net debt. This implies a total transaction value of $14.6 billion. Scripps shareholders will receive a 70-30 mix of cash and Discovery C Class or DISCK stock. The cash portion will be funded from cash on hand and new debt to be raised and is backstopped by a fully committed bridge facility from Goldman Sachs. The reference stock price for Discovery C Class shares is $25.51, which is as of the close on Friday, July 21. We have also provided Scripps shareholders a symmetrical collar around this reference DISCK share price. Within a band from $22.32 to $28.70, the value of the stock consideration is fixed to an adjustment of the exchange ratio. Outside of that band, the value is variable. The transaction includes a customary breakup fee of 3% of total equity. Post closing, Discovery shareholders will own 80% of the economics of the combined company and Scripps shareholders will own 20% on a fully diluted basis. The deal is expected to be accretive to free cash flow and adjusted earnings per share in the first year after closing and is anticipated to generate run rate cost synergies of approximately $350 million by 2019. We plan to realize half of the synergies in the first year after closing, and we will budget a one time cost to achieve of around $300 million to $350 million in the first year after closing. The cost savings will predominantly come from shared corporate technology and operational efficiency. To put this into perspective, savings of approximately $350 million represent less than 10% of the combined company's expense base, excluding content, marketing and advertising expenses. And as David discussed, we also see the opportunity for significant growth in both linear and digital advertising and affiliate sales globally as well as the generally improved vantage point on our journey to a more direct-to-consumer and digital future, none of which has been included in our deal model. Pro forma for the approximately $350 million in cost synergies alone and baking in no revenue upside, the acquisition AOIBDA multiple on 2017 estimated AOIBDA is 8.7 times and is, as such, relatively in line with Discovery's current trading AOIBDA multiple. While leverage on the combined company will initially rise to approximately 4.8 times gross debt to AOIBDA, we are committed and confident in our ability to delever quickly and maintain a strong balance sheet and our investment-grade rating. Let me give you a bit more background. First of all, please note that all of our analyses fully take into account Scripps new lower full year 2017 revenue and EBITDA forecast that Ken mentioned earlier. And of course, their updated expectations have been fully accounted for in our models and valuation work. We intend to develop substantially all of our free cash flows toward paying down debt until we are back within our new target gross leverage ratio of 3 to 3.5 times, which is expected to occur by the end of 2019 at the latest. To be clear, that means we will be suspending share repurchases until we are compliant with our new target leverage metrics. Please note that the transaction is subject to approval by Discovery and Scripps shareholders, regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. John Malone, Advance/Newhouse Programming Partnership and Scripps family shareholders representing an overwhelming majority of common voting shares of Scripps have entered into voting agreements to vote in favor of the transaction and take certain other actions in each case subject to the terms and conditions of their respective agreement. And with this, I will turn the call back to David to give an update on Discovery's second quarter results.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And John, maybe on the synergies, clearly we do see a lot of strategic synergy on the top line as well. As I said earlier, the $350 million number that we have put into our model is purely cost synergies, and we haven't baked in any upsides on the top line.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And Ben, maybe to add to that. I mean, as you say, it's a long-term deal, it's four years. There are no meaningful increases in terms of the license fee over that deal term. And the way we look at it is we optimize the value of that contract over the full lifetime. The landscape is going to evolve over those four years. As a matter of fact, we're in the process of talking to a number of other partners. Matter of fact, we're confident that we will be announcing additional partnerships before the first match is going on air. So there's a lot of moving parts in that whole deal, and we continue to see a lot of value that we're optimizing out of that contract.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Right. So on your tax question, Ben, so we haven't factored any tax synergies into our model. That being said, of course, we will continue to be very, very focused on optimizing our tax rate. So let's wait until the deal closes, and I'm sure taxes will remain a key factor in all our decisions.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: We're not planning any asset sales, but clearly let's wait until the deal closes and then we'll take a look at the broader portfolio and see how we can extract the best value out of the combined business. We're not planning any sales and we haven't baked anything into the numbers.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Well, that would be, in the first year, clearly for adjusted EPS because we'll have some transaction costs but, going forward, it's going to be for both.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Right, and Doug, just one follow-up on the EPS. To be very clear, obviously, the reported EPS accretion will depend on the amount of purchase price amortization - allocation amortization that we need to book. That's obviously still being worked out, but we should focus on adjusted EPS.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: All right. So Jason, so the math is as follows: If you take the $90 per share that takes you to 11.9 times for the equity. Then there is about $2.7 billion in net debt and then, clearly, we have taken into account minorities and unconsolidated profits. And then the big step back is the $350 million synergy potential that we see, and that takes you back down to that 8.7 times range.
David Zaslav: Thanks, John. A great day for us. And it's a good question. There's such alignment in terms of how we see the future with Ken and Scripps. We own almost all of our IP and we take it around the world and can take it on to any platform. And Scripps, similarly, owns its IP. We moved into this structure of thinking about our content more about what will people watch when they can watch anything, and what do we have that people will pay for before they pay for dinner. That's why we got into Eurosport. That's why we did the Olympics and we bought so much sports IP. It's one of the reasons why we've pushed very hard with Kids in Latin America, where we're the leader, and it's one of the reasons why we've really tightened up our brands, whether it's Oprah, Discovery about curiosity, ID with crime, and we believe the ability to take that IP around the world and direct-to-consumer is the future of Discovery. And nobody has done that better in terms of passionate superfan brands than Scripps. A few years ago, when we were looking at Scripps, we were 75% to 80% male around the world with our 10 channels. But over the last four years, we've launched TLC around the world. We have Home & Health. We've launched free-to-air female channels in Europe. And so we think that their content, as we sprinkle it in 55 languages around the world, together with their formats, together with the ability to convert underperforming channels that we have, like we did with ID and with TLC, we could do that with Food and HGTV. So we think that this gives us a huge content engine, and it also allows us to pivot that content onto any platform, whether it'd be skinny bundles, direct-to-consumer or the 7 billion screens out there in mobile. So I think this gives us much more optionality, much more strength and the idea of our company being filled with passionate content that delivers to superfans around the world, Travel, Home and Garden, Food, Cooking, all I think make us much stronger, and it fits right on top of us. We have this huge infrastructure and this just fits right in on top of our existing infrastructure.
David Zaslav: One point on distribution which we think is meaningful. Discovery provides about, today, 12% of the viewership on cable and we get about 6% of the economics. And Scripps provides 8% or 8 plus percent of viewership and also a much - a smaller amount of economics. When you put us together, we're about 20% of the viewership on cable, but we're less than 10% of the economics. And so we're very low priced, which I think gives us some opportunity and headroom to move that up, but more importantly, as people are choosing content to put on a platform, our content, together, way over delivers in a way that's - not just over delivering in terms of the passionate audience or the ratings, but in terms of the economics that it's being paid for it in the marketplace today.
David Zaslav: So as you look at our international business, all those female channels, generally, our ad revenue over a period of time of like a year would track pretty close to our market share growth, particularly because GDP is about zero around the world. So as our international business was growing double-digit or mid-teens, our market share was growing. And so we look - this isn't built into the model, but we look at their model, at their content, which is basically unencumbered, largely, around the world and being able to convert that into 55 languages, we already have been buying their content in Latin America for Home & Health and seeing a very significant lift, and we'll be able to deploy that content around the world. And if we see market share gain, that'll translate very quickly to real advertising value for us around the world.
David Zaslav: As we look at this combined company, we may have more IP than any other media company. We're certainly up there, and if our strategy is correct that the consolidation by the distributors so that, over the next couple of years, there'll be one distributor providing mobile, broadband, multichannel and hard phone, which we're already seeing in Europe. More and more you see these distributors wanting to decommoditize [ph] that pipe. We did a terrific deal with Bolloré in France. We've done a terrific deal with Drahi. We've done a deal with Telecom Italia. In each case, saying, what IP do you have that could either be exclusive or interesting for us to give to our users or to uniquely nourish our subscribers or users? And we just have now a bigger menu of affinity brands, lots of content we can put together for - down in Europe, in Latin America and here in the US, and we have a lot more data. One of the things that Scripps has done better than anybody is to lean in, not just to the superfan affinity group, but to get data and to have real interaction with them. I mean, Ken talk about that because that's the practice that we think we can really learn from and bring to our company.
David Zaslav: One important point about that is that we look at the management team at Scripps and we see that as one of the most important assets that we're acquiring: their ability to program Home and Garden and Food and take it to different platforms and to build a real relationship with the users and to figure out how to nourish them on all platforms. It's a hugely talented team across the board, marketing, programming, sales, and so I think, as we look at it, we get a chance to take our team, which we think is best of class and Ken's team that's best of class and build a company for the future.
David Zaslav: I'll hit the universe decline piece. It's about 3% is what we're seeing for our larger channels. Some of the smaller channels that we have are seeing a decline a little bit larger than that. It's pretty hard to tell based on the quarter. You look at what each of the distributors are reporting, and it feels like maybe that's about right, maybe it's a little bit better for us than that, but we'll just have to see whether it levels off at that, gets a little better or gets a little worse. It's very hard to tell but, right now, it's around 3% for our bigger networks.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Ben. This new company is going to have tremendous optionality, but the ecosystem in the US remains extremely healthy for us. Our US business, as Discovery is continuing to grow, together we think we can grow in a meaningful way for a lot of the reasons that we've already explained. Working with the distributors will be a very effective way to take all these quality brands and skinnier bundles and have them reach more consumers and more demos. Going over-the-top with some of our existing distributors or some of the new players will be a way to add incremental opportunity. I think we're going to be extremely attractive. We should be the core of any skinny bundle. Discovery was the number one most valued brand for over-the-top and for women, Home and Garden and Food are in the top three or four most selected brands. You add to that OWN and TLC and ID, which is the number one channel for women in America, we have quite a compelling offering that we could bring to any distributor or we can come together with a few others and do it ourselves. And so I think we have a lot of optionality. Let me just hit the Bundesliga point because I think it's very important strategically. The direct-to-consumer business, we think, is a huge part of the future of our company. It's one of the reasons why we have been investing in Eurosport. We did the BAM deal. We have our sports Netflix product, which we're finding some real traction on now. We're learning a lot about - it's been two years, and in two years, we learned that our platform wasn't good enough, so we did the BAM deal. We now have that platform, which will be fully rolled out within the next six months. We've been talking to consumers for two years about what they like about our player, what they don't, how they'd like to have our content. We've changed the idea. Before we thought it was effectively like an ESPN all-you-can-eat for $8 and now, we're finding it's really more like a magazine rack. People that love tennis are willing to pay a lot more, but all they want is tennis. And some people who want cycling, all they want is cycling. We had to talk to the users because they would come in for the French Open and then the churn would be huge, and we'd say, but wait a minute, MotoGP is on and cycling is on, and they said, No, no, I love the tennis, that's what I want. And so we're changing our pricing, we're changing our approach, our churn is coming down. We've almost doubled our subscriber base in the last few months. And so, we see the ability to take the Bundesliga in Germany direct-to-consumer now that we have a strong platform, a really good team that we built out of London that's just in the direct-to-consumer business. It's a direct marketing business. It's a team that deals with churn that deals with credit cards. And it took us two years to build that team and we're ready to go now. And the idea of building a direct-to-consumer sports business across Europe, 740 million people. If we could get that to scale, the kind of multiple that you guys are giving to Netflix, and we look at that and we say, we have a very profitable existing business and if we can build this direct-to-consumer business in Europe, and we're doing it with our other IP and we think we can do it with some of these affinity brands around the world, that we could come out of this terminal value tunnel as one of the big winners in media.
David Zaslav: The final point, which I think is important that we learned is we could be in the direct marketing business for our IP, but it's much more powerful if you can get existing distributors to market it and bill for it. So when we send a bill, whether it's $8 or $18 or $29 for a season's pass to a particular product, we're billing and the customer is now getting that every month. The deal that we did with Telecom Italia and Swisscom, they're now billing for us and they're marketing for us. And I think that, we believe, as we take that across Europe is going to be a huge helper for us. The idea that someone is now getting a bill for $116 and $8 or $10 or $12 of that is us, we believe that that's going to reduce churn. It's reduced churn significantly for Netflix. As John Malone would call it, it's check the box. It gives you an incremental heft in your marketer, and it puts you in a billing system that's much more sustainable. And that's a key part of our strategy, and we've proven that out in early stage by getting two of the bigger players in Europe to sign on with us. And we're going to look to take that across Europe.
David Zaslav: One of the great things about this transaction is it's one-over-one. You look at TVN in Poland for instance. That's a very big market for us. We pick up a huge amount of EBITDA and a lot of market share in Poland. UKTV, our number one market is the UK, and we think that was a very smart investment. We like the BBC very much. Tony Hall has been a great partner to us and being able to step into those shoes, we're looking forward to that and seeing what we can do together. But you look at their overall assets, we're in the same business, and so we don't look at it and say, they've got a radio business here or they're in a different business there that we should get out of. They're in the core business that we are, and we think those core assets make us, together, stronger.
David Zaslav: Sure. Thanks. We had said earlier that we were going to do the Olympics ourselves in Germany with the buzz and it's not final, but the buzz around Paris being a possibility for 2024 and with the momentum that we were able to build across Europe, we ended up back in discussions with ARD ZDF, the public broadcaster in Germany. It's one of our biggest markets. And we're very close to deal with them where we would give them rights to broadcast the Olympics, but it will be quite creative and the Olympics in Germany will be, like in other markets, much more robust than it's ever been. It'll follow the model that I worked on at NBC with Dick Ebersol and Jack Welch and Bob Wright, and that was - you put a significant amount on broadcast, but our deal would provide a significant amount that would go on our Eurosport channels. We also have a free-to-air channel of Eurosport in Germany along with the full bouquet of content for digital that would be available to us to make available throughout Germany. And we think that this provides not just a good economic package, but it'll also give us an opportunity to really put on a terrific show in Germany together.
David Zaslav: A last point on the Olympics. If it turns out to be Paris, it will be a very big deal for us as we have the Olympics across all of Europe in 2024 and the buildup to it. There's a tremendous amount of excitement all across Europe at the prospect of it. And it really enhances that IP. We have so many Olympic rights that will be leading up to that, and as we put our bouquet of IP together across Europe, the crescendo, if it were to happen, would be very good for us.
David Zaslav: Thank you. We've been in discussions with all of those providers. We are on the Sony platform, the DIRECTV NOW platform. I think it probably helps with those discussions to have more channels, to be in business with them already. I think they're all going to be learning. They're launching, and they're going to be hearing from customers what they like, what's missing. So I think it's all a work in progress, but we do think we have the makings ourselves for a very - the very compelling core of a skinny bundle. And there's all kinds of optionality, whether we go with existing players, new players, we go with other players in the marketplace, we go over-the-top with other players in the marketplace. There's a lot of different ways to play it, and we'll be really listening to the consumers. There's no question that there will be an evolution. It exists everywhere else in the world. And more importantly, right now, distributors are starting to offer Netflix. And so it's just kind of logical to look in the US and see these large distributors that have millions of customers that are broadband only, and the only product that they're offering them is Netflix. And so they should be offering them a product that - we grew up in business together. We have great content that's nourishing. And so I think you'll be seeing existing distributors putting together over-the-top packages. One, because they'll make money on it; and two, because consumers that are buying Netflix want other products. They want great quality television. They want other choices. And so I think that will happen. It's just a question of how quickly, and we'll try and accelerate those discussions because we think it's good for the ecosystem.
David Zaslav: I guess the only thing that I would add is that the great thing about the dual revenue stream cable model, as we all know, is it's somewhat of a gated community. And so we're sitting, in a lot of these markets, where there's 50 channels and we have 10 or 12. And so when we decided we wanted to roll out ID or TLC, we could just flip those channels. And not only do we have infrastructure but we have channels that are on basic cable with subscriber fees in decent channel position. And so we can choose to take the content and make our female channels better or we can just flip an existing channel that's in good position and very quickly have it accelerating in. And as Ken said, you don't win by just bringing the US content. We would do local, but local tends to be less extensive, significantly less expensive.
David Zaslav: I would just sign off by saying how excited we are to welcome all the Scripps employees. It's going to be several months before the deal closes, but the idea of having them become part of our family, having Ken become part of our family, have all the incredible brands and creativity and energy. And we have so many great people here at Discovery that are chomping at the bit to try and - to get to meet all of you and to work together. And I think it's going to be a fantastic ride for us. The whole leadership team couldn't be more excited, and we're off to the races. So thank you all very much.
