David M. Zaslav: Okay, thanks, John. First I would say broadly we've effected a strategy which we started about a year ago which is to get back to the core brands, and I think that's really working for us. I think there was some brand drift across the industry, there was some brand drift across our platforms, and in order to have our content working stronger here in the U.S. having more value to advertisers and working in a much more compelling way around the world. We got rid of some of the programming that wasn't on-brand. And so you really see that difference on Science, you see it on Discovery which has been two of the bigger drivers, having Discovery now as the number one network in America for men 18 years old to 49 years old for the majority of this year, and having that kind of leadership and having that content work around the world is a big deal for us. And it goes through every one of our channels that we've really focused on; what is the brand, how do we deliver on it. And I think that works also not only for around the world and in the U.S. but we own all that IP. And as this transitions to people want to be curated for the content they want, people knowing that when they go to Animal Planet or they go to Science or they go to Discovery or TLC or the Oprah Winfrey Network that they see content on-brand, it reinforces the viewership. I think that's one of the reasons why we're seeing gains. Quarter-to-date we're either up 1% or relatively flat against a market that's down 7% or 8% and in April we're seeing even better trends. So I think that pivot to being on-brand is really helping us, our GMs are really focused on using our 12% to 13% viewership on cable to promote between channels, which we think is much more effective. We did this in Latin America where we actually curate and let people know across our channels what's coming up. You're watching Discovery in Brazil and they'll tell you what's coming up on Science, what's coming up on Animal Planet, what's coming up on our car channel, and that had real value for us so we're starting to take that around the world. On the advertising side, I do think that with our ratings, the ratings momentum that we have and the brand strength, that if the volume is there, that we could do – that we can continue to accelerate a differential. The question on the advertising side is, will the volume be there? As we've said for our projections for the year, we're assuming it stays tepid. It's been slightly better. We've been able to take advantage of it to some extent, but if there was more volume we would have had a much more robust quarter. Because we had the inventory, we had the strength, we had very attractive demographics. And so we're not getting excited. We can't see really what's happening in the Upfront yet, although we've sold about 30% of the Upfront so far and we're staying conservative.
David M. Zaslav: Okay. I don't want to really speak too much about any particular player, but the ecosystem at least for the next few years, I believe, will stay together in terms of the overall majority. For most of our channels we have contractual agreements, long-term agreements that require 90%, 85%, 95% that our channels be provided. So the ability to just determine to offer a smaller bundle, I just don't see that as likely given the contractual obligations across the industry. Having said that, since we own all of our content, to the extent that others want to pick the best channels and make those available domestically and around the world or even take content outside of channels and offer them, that's more dollars for us and more opportunity. In the longer term, I think it's important for us to continue to keep the existing ecosystem, which is very favorable to us, and as we transition to fight for the right kind of economics, like platforms like TV Everywhere. So I think that you'll see it at the margins, if you look at what Charlie's doing, it's starting, it's growing small but there are certain gates on that in terms of its ability to be marketed to only subscribers that don't have cable. I think the Apple platform is interesting. And all these things are good if you own all of your content and you have content that people really want. And that's why we've been really focusing hard on our super fans, who loves Discovery, Science, Oprah, Animal Planet, ID, having really strong brands that people love that we can curate to is more important, I think we got out early on that and we'll continue to take advantage of it.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Michael. Well, first we didn't oppose the deal, what we said is we had some concerns about it. And at this point, look, we've always had great respect for Brian and for Neil and Steve Burke and I've worked with them over the last 30 years, they're very effective, they run a great company. And we've always managed to work together. The concerns that we raised, the concerns that we raise around the world, issues of what does consolidation do to content? What happens in terms of content investment; that's all behind us now. I think the goal for us and for Comcast is to find a deal that makes sense for both of us. We've been able to do over the last three years over 180 deals where we were happy, the distributors were happy. We represent between 12% and 13% of viewership on cable and we still only represent between 4% and 5% of the economics. So, I think we're quite attractive with Discovery as the number one network and TLC as number one in many of the markets in Middle America, and as we've said, a lot of the affinity channels that we have like Oprah and Science, we've had conversations and negotiations. I'm going to see Neil later after this call, I'm headed to Chicago. I saw Neil on Saturday night. And so I think that it's business as usual now. Comcast is a great company; they're going to look to create a deal that's fair for them and so will we and we have plenty of time and we're very hopeful that we'll get something done; I know they are, too.
David M. Zaslav: Sure. Thanks, Ben. Look, I think that the fact that we have 10 traditional channels in 220 or 230 markets and now we have two to three sports channels across all of Europe, these are long cycle, these deals, and they take some time. What you've seen in the short-term is, given the geopolitical issues in the Ukraine, which as we all know what's happened there, we took a one-time only hit there from – because it's affected the cable market. And in one – Andy said markets, it's really one market in Eastern Europe, and we'll announce in the next few weeks which one it is. We've gone from a pay-only to pay and over-the-air, I think it's going to be quite effective for us, I think it's going to be a very good deal. It'll generate more value for us. We're able to – Turkey is a market, that doesn't have – oops, it doesn't have enough pay-TV, so that's a market that we're going free-to-air as well as pay. And we think we'll get pretty meaningful incremental value out of that. Having said that, we still think that you'll see a trend to high single and longer-term you will see some good affiliate growth as those deals come up, as we have an ability to take advantage of scale and the scale is part of the scale is our market share growth. One of the key elements for our growth as a company has been that we've been able to grow our market share outside the U.S. and it translates almost pretty efficiently to advertising revenue, and we're getting a little better at advertising revenue, so we're over delivering. So the fact that we were up 10% in market share around the world and then we were able to grow advertising 12% is really effective. And it's driven by our channels getting stronger, a little bit more localization, but also by the fact that we have real conviction across Eastern Europe and Western Europe, we have conviction in Latin America and in Asia. And a lot of the local players, as the economies have gotten more challenging, are spending less on content, and a lot of the U.S. players are pulling out and spending less on content. And so we've seen on average, mid-teen growth over the last four years and we expect that that's going to continue. We have an awful lot of momentum on our growth. And so, we remain very optimistic about our international business. We have between channels and free-to-air, as well as sports in Europe and leadership with kids in Latin America, a very strong hand. We are seeing a slowdown in Asia. So I would say an acceleration in Latin America, continued strong performance in Eastern Europe and Western Europe, with a little bit of a hiccup from some geopolitical. And the overall market in Asia outside of India, a little bit slow, that we were seeing double digit growth there over the years and that's really flattened now. But overall, I think our story's intact or better and we're aggregating a lot more IP under the covers. That's not only helping our market share and helping our brands around the world, but is better positioning us for the new world.
David M. Zaslav: One last point, Ben, on advertising. There were some markets where I think a lot of the hard work that we've done will really pay off over the next couple of years. Some of the issues that we see, the gestational slowing of the U.S. and the question of what business models will emerge and how quickly and what will happen to bundling over the next five years to seven years, and outside the U.S, in a number of markets, particularly Latin America and India, it feels a lot like the U.S. did 10 years ago and a lot of what we see here will take many, many years. Brazil, for instance, reached 30% cable penetration last year. As a result of that, we saw 40% or 50% advertising gains. Brazil is probably our strongest market; we're the leader in kids, we're the number one cable channel in all of Brazil, not just for kids, we have a channel called Home & Health, which is like the Home & Garden of Latin America, and that's the number three channel for women down there and we have Discovery, so when you look at our 11 channels in Brazil, it's extremely strong, we have five of the top 15. And coming off of last year where it was up 40% to 50%, we're seeing growth this year of another 40% to 50%. And so, there is this moment in a lot of these markets where all of a sudden what was just DR starts to move over into advertising and you start to see the acceleration that we saw here in the U.S. in 1996, 1997, 1998. And so, Mexico and Brazil in particular I think are going to be engines that will really help us both gestationally, but also in terms of revenue growth because we have such strong content down there.
David M. Zaslav: Sure, thanks so much. Look, I think there's always this balance, but we have opted not to add meaningful inventory into our services, and I think this is a key element for us. When people go to Discovery, when they go to Science, when they go to Animal Planet or Oprah, we think that the load is critical. So that 1% could've been higher if we added some more spots, there's no question about it. We're significantly less than a lot of our peers, but we think for long-term brand value that's important. And I think it's a philosophical long-term position for our company. We're still investing a lot in content, we're investing in IP, we're seeing how do we position Discovery so that we have more viewers, we have better content and we have more strength three years to four years from now than we do now. So, you won't see us adding a lot of minutes to make a good quarter. We're going to focus much more on are we getting more people enjoying spending time with our channels, are we building more characters and building more shows that could really work, not just on linear but outside of linear. Right now, SVOD is relatively immaterial here in the U.S. because we own all of our content and we have a 30-year library. We have a fair amount of optionality. And depending on how the marketplace develops, there's a chance for us to do that, but that would be upside. And if there is a change in the marketplace and there is curation directly to consumers even if that content is not brand new, the ability to develop content, which we've looked at, for instance, on Science, developing a Science app, it's already converted into 48 languages. There has been some interest, as we've looked into the marketplace for Science, there could be some interest in Animal Planet that we could offer, much like you would see a Silicon Valley new media company, where we could offer some of those worldwide concepts like Science or Animal Planet in an app around the world over-the-top with content that isn't even that fresh that could nourish an affinity group. And that could be incremental, but that's not built-in today.
David M. Zaslav: Yes, thanks, Todd. No, and, in fact, I would say that you'll see more resources going against our best characters and shows and against blue chip. And we have two initiatives there, and some of these actually are less expensive. We have a 30-year library of fantastic content in the space genre and natural history and some of it has been narrated or edited in a way that feels like it's a little bit old, and so one of the initiatives that John Hoffman is looking at with Rich is an initiative called, Hello world!. We have the best library in the world of content. And we're now working with a number of the best producers and musicians to create kind of a fresh, a refresh of a lot of the fantastic content that we have, so that we can get another shot at that. We also have an initiative called, Discovery Impact, which is a socially conscious, what's happening with the world, whether it relates to water or the environment or extinction of a lot of the animal races that were – racing extinction is just one of those. But we don't see a significant increase in investment. What we see is a hyper-focus on blue chip and the quality content, and we will be doing some stuff with John Goldwyn, who is great and he'll be overseeing scripted but we think we could do scripted in a much more efficient way; we're going to do it in more long form as opposed to one-offs and we'll do it with content that could work around the world so we could share it across 230 countries.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Anthony. We can't speak about any specific deal. Really, we are platform-agnostic. But I think as there is some transition within the marketplace, the fact that we have – that Discovery is stronger than it's ever been and is the number one channel for men 18 years old to 34 years old in America and we're winning a number of nights where we're even beating the broadcasters. The fact that TLC has real strength where we can be in a position where several nights a week in 40 of the Middle States in America we're the number one cable network for women and Oprah is – and Tyler, Tyler's programming when he goes on the air on OWN we have over a 20% share of the African-American community and Oprah's programming is working so well on OWN. And ID is the most – is the stickiest channel on cable. These become more and more important when people can make choices about what shows they want and what channels to put on different platforms and how much they're going to pay for those channels. Because in a world where there's a lot, a lot of opportunity, you want the best stuff with the most people that are yearning for it. For us, it's all about the economics. We want to make sure we get the right economics for our programming. We opted not to do certain SVOD deals in the U.S. because we didn't think the money was strong enough and we thought we'd rather hold on to it ourselves and either do something ourselves directly with consumers or do something with the existing distributors. And every time there's a new player in the market that's looking for content, if we as an industry can stay disciplined about economics and how that content is offered, it just reinforces the fact that whether it's Apple, whether it's a Sony device, whether it's a cable-distributed product or a satellite or any new device, those are all essentially, in the nicest way, they're a pipe or a device to a consumer. What the consumer really wants is great brands, great characters, great stories that make those devices or those interfaces come alive. And anybody that's going to curate on any of those platforms, no one's going to buy it for the pipe or the platform. And so, our mission stays the same, but even more focused on the best content, the best brands will make Discovery more successful in the future on every platform.
David M. Zaslav: Okay, thanks, David. We just can't talk specifically about any one deal. Sony's a very good company and they're offering I think a platform that's interesting and we're rooting for them. We hope they, like every other platform out there, does well. I would say that when there's a new platform, if we have channels that have real leadership with affinity groups and we're very strong, particularly with young demos as we are across a lot of our portfolio, that it gives us a strong hand in those discussions. But, again, we're coming off a small base. When you look at our overall – the revenue that we take from the marketplace, most of the money goes to sports and retrans. And that's just – we don't complain about it because that's the way it works. But if you looked at those players, they would have a percentage of viewership and then the revenue would be a multiple, some percentage significantly higher than that. In our case, we have 12% trending toward 13% of viewership and we have between 3%, 4%, or 5% of the economics. And so, even when you look at those existing platforms, not only are we attractive because our content has some leading edge to it and the demos that we deliver, but even if we get what looks like a great deal for us or a very favorable deal, still compared with some of the other content that's out there, we're a pretty good buy. And I think that helps us, domestically and around the world, that to be the number one channel in America 18 years old to 49 years old and look at our cost base versus some of the guys that we compete with, including the sports guys, that's pretty compelling model. And that's pretty much true in the majority of countries around the world, that we're the number one channel for men in non-fiction. And in many of these countries where we've launched over-the-air Turbo channels, the demo is even younger. We're really in that 18 years old to 25 years old with the cars. And so, I think aggregating those audiences is going to be helpful and we tend to get much better deals with new players around the world. But it also is because our – the looks of our content compared to the sports guys is much more reasonable, and unscripted.
Andrew C. Warren: Sure, Michael. Yes, we're very happy with how the cost trends have played out. We've been saying for a while now that we're committed to revenues growing faster than expense. We saw both in the U.S. and globally margin expansion in 2014 and in the first quarter of 2015 and we certainly see that trend continuing over time, but to answer your question we do think costs will uptick in the second quarter and third quarter based on predominantly timing of content, when they air and some marketing investments and then they will abate again in the fourth quarter. But, again, the focus on margin expansion both in the U.S. and internationally couldn't be more real and has been playing out very nicely for us.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, yes, the currencies continue to, Ben, as you know, to move against us. The ad sales exposure particularly with the euro, you look at some of the Nordic currencies, you look at Brazil, places where we have a greater proportion of free-to-air and ad dollars, that's where the currencies have moved against us. We have a success, though, if you look at what we said at year end, we said, well, the revenue impact from foreign exchange is going to be $350 million, $150 million OIBDA, we updated that today to say it's $475 million (sic) [$425 million] (46:49), and $150 million. So you do see that our hedging strategy is working, we are mitigating some of our bottom line exposures, but clearly the proportion of revenues coming out of Europe do dictate more ad sales impact.
Andrew C. Warren: And just to add to the domestic distribution trend. This has been a multi-year effort for us. We've talked about our share of viewership is much higher than our share of wallet. So, the deals we've done in the last three years, we talked about the rate increases, we talked about the various economic benefits, and you see that in spades in the first quarter with the organic distribution rate up 8%. So that traction and those new deals continue to support not only our brands and our content but trying to close that gap between share of viewership and share of wallet.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, and just to add the financial perspective on that, Todd, we still see the U.S. content growth being low-single digits to mid-single digits, international as being mid-single digits to high-single digits. So that parameter of how we see the cost trends does not change.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes. Well, the answer is clearly yes, Anthony. We still see the $1.5 billion, as you said, of capital availability. Clearly, our priority would be on strategic bolt-on M&A and the TF1 put is part of that. But look, we couldn't be more bullish on our stock today. And I've said before, I'm a very simple free cash flow per share guy. When I look at that IRR, it's incredibly compelling to David and the board and I; so the answer is yes. That clearly is where we'd put available capital, staying within our BBB rating, which is an important strategic imperative for us.
Andrew C. Warren: It was a de minimis impact on our first quarter affiliate. The plus 8% was driven by the many deals we've gotten done, both at end of 2014 and the end of 2013. So that continued traction on the distribution line was more driven by the substantial increases on the base business.
