David M. Zaslav: Sure. Look, Eurosport, we think, is a fantastic asset. It's in 55 countries between 1 and 4 channels, and it has a lot of rights. And locked up for the long term on Eurosport is the Grand Slams for tennis, Tour de France, the Bundesliga and the Winter Sports. So it's very stable, and the economics against those sports are very favorable. So we're going to apply, really, 2 levers to it. One is, in every one of those countries, we have a local team that's doing sales and that's meeting with distributors to drive better distribution deals. So we can go very local. And if you remember, Eurosport only sells Pan-European right now. So what we did with our international business, when we took it from 120 million to over 1 billion, was we went local. So one, we think we have some real revenue opportunity by piggybacking on our existing infrastructure. And then, we will look opportunistically. There is no platform like Eurosport. In many ways, it's the ESPN of Europe. It's in 55 countries. And so as we look at what we can do with it, the question is, is there opportunities to get longer-term growth by stepping up in certain markets for more sports? If we do, do it, there's a good chance we'll be doing it in a joint bidding with a distributor or a player in the market. We'll be disciplined about it, but we're going to look at all options because, as we look at our portfolio, across most of Western and Eastern Europe, we already have 10 channels. We have Discovery as the #1 network in almost every one of those markets. We have TLC, we have Animal Planet, we have some broadcast networks. And so we have some real optionality in order to take advantage of this very unique asset. But we will be disciplined, and we won't do any deals unless we think there will be significant long-term growth or, as in the case of when we rolled out TLC and ID around the world, that we could pick up -- that it could be accretive immediately. So we'll be disciplined, but we do believe Eurosport, together with our assets, where we're already the #1 cable TV player outside the U.S. by a lot; and in Western Europe, we've made a big play; and we're finding a lot of success where we're growing over 20% in a market that's relatively flat, that Eurosport will be a very big helper to us over time.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, John. Well, look, we're going to stick to our knitting. This is a great time to be in the content business because people are spending more time on TV and on other platforms consuming content. In the last 7 years, we've grown from about 5% market share; in January, we were over 12%. We have 14 channels that have niche viewers, whether it's OWN that's a top 20 network now and a top network for African-Americans, Discovery having its best month, TLC back and strong, Animal Planet now a top 20 network when it was #40. For us, if we have strong content with great characters and great stories, we are convinced that we will do very well. We did very well at the end of last year. And Comcast is a great company, and if they're successful in bringing this deal to the finish line, I'm sure that they'll do a great job in offering a lot of different products to consumers to consume content, including TV Everywhere, where they're a leader, and that will be advantageous for us. So I think that our scale in the U.S. is very strong. Our brands have never been stronger, and we like our position.
David M. Zaslav: There's no question the Olympics is having an effect on our ratings, but our strategy has worked. We came out very strong in January with a lot of momentum, viewers spending a lot more time with all of our brands. And now we expect that a lot of people in America are going to be spending time with the Olympics. We see our ratings are down on a few of our networks in a meaningful way, but we expected that. And when the Olympics end, we're going to push hard to have those viewers come back.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Todd. Look, it has some impact. Having said that, we've been able to grow our viewership over the last year over 22% and get corresponding ad revenue of 23%. Our brands are strong. Our content travels well. There's no question that, when you see the economy struggling, that subscriber growth slows down a little bit, and we've seen that. And we view this as upside. In Western Europe, with the strength we're seeing; in Mexico, where pay-TV is only 42% penetrated; or Brazil, 27% penetrated; if those markets pick up, then I think you'll see the C class opting on to more pay-TV, which we'll be an upside for us. But I think if you look at the past 2 years or 3 years around our 225 countries, it hasn't been -- with the exception of Brazil, Mexico, Russia and India, you haven't seen huge growth. And so I think that there -- it's more upside for us, and we've really focused on being disciplined in how we spend our dollars, getting our content driven around the world and being better at ad sales so that we're growing over 20% internationally over the last several years in economies and subscriber growth that's somewhat modest in terms of what the potential would be in a lot of those markets.
David M. Zaslav: Sure. Well, look, the Olympics is a moment where families come together around the world, and it most certainly has an impact. It's probably biggest in the Nordics for us, where we don't have the Olympics. We have market share in those -- in Norway, Denmark, Sweden and Finland of between 25% and 42%, and we don't have the Olympics. And so in some of those markets, we're seeing more viewership decline. But it also depends of the brand. For instance, Discovery has historically had much bigger impact in terms of people moving away from Discovery to go to the Olympics. So I would say it's all consistent with what we've expected so far.
David M. Zaslav: I think the same, but probably a little bit more modest across-the-board for us because of the number of hours. It doesn't take people away for 3 straight weeks, or 2.5 -- almost 3 straight weeks like the Olympics do.
David M. Zaslav: Okay. Well, we did make a change on TLC about 5 months ago. We focused very hard on what is TLC when it's at its best. The good news is we now have TLC as the most distributed female brand in the world. So we looked at where we were successful outside the U.S. and what the audiences were getting nourished by, and the new creative team there, I think, has taken it up a level. And so we're very happy with TLC, which was up almost 20% in January and is faring well so far in February. On Discovery, I think it's really more about we have a lot of very good shows that are coming back. March, I think, will be a very good month for us in terms of when our premieres are coming of our stronger series. You'll probably see more of an acceleration in March and April, but the brand is strong and the content is strong.
David M. Zaslav: I can't speak to any specific agreements, but it really depends. It depends on what the contract says, and that's really all I can say.
David M. Zaslav: Sure. The answer is yes, although we're open to -- when we look at the economics of a deal, we look at it over the full term, which tends to be somewhere between 4 and 6 years. Our deals come up about 20% a year, which we've talked about. This past year, we did very well. We were able to get significant increases. We were also able to get significant increases in distribution of some of our more strategic channels. So ID, for instance, which is now the #2 network in America for women in its all-day rating, is now in 85 million homes. And within the next 12 months, it will be in 90 million homes. And so that's a key strategic initiative for us. It gives us significant economic value, but it also gives us additional advertising value. So that's a channel that was in 50 million homes 4 years ago, will be in 90 million homes by the end of the year. And at least in January, USA Network was the only network that delivered more women for the month in -- so those are the kind of things that we look at. But we did focus primarily on getting meaningful increases in the sub fees. And then we look at some of the other things that are of strategic value. Outside the U.S., the deals tend to be shorter. Usually, about 3 years.
David M. Zaslav: And as we look at SVOD, we look at where we were when we did those deals, which was about 9% of viewership on cable. In January, we were over 12%. We have been focused on our content, both to make our channels better, but how do we create content that we could take effectively around the world and also are more valuable in all of these windows? So things like The Haves and the Have Nots, which is a scripted series, which is #1 for women on Tuesday nights on OWN, is an example of a product that's great on cable, repeats well but could be very attractive on SVOD. Klondike, as well. We found that the viewership was up 30% in C7. So we did very well on it, it was very strong for the brand, but those 6-hour scripted series are things that I think will help us with that window domestically and around the world. And so we haven't built that in, but we think that our 14 channels, the brands and the bulk of what we offer to players in that window, whether it be domestically or outside the U.S., are valuable. And so we'll be looking at that. We haven't been aggressive about participating in that window outside the U.S. because, in many of the markets, we've been more driven by pushing pay-TV. But as the markets mature, we have some good optionality there.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Michael. Klondike delivered over a 3 billion rating for us. It was very good for the brand, got a good response from advertisers. But that's not the core of what we do. The same way we do Planet Earth and we do Life as a big series, to talk about the strength of Discovery, it's reinforcing the fact that Discovery's the #1 most valuable -- most valued brand in the U.S. by cable operator studies and by viewer studies. And so as part of that, we need to do big natural history programming. And we think, every once in a while, we need to do something scripted that really reflects the DNA of what Discovery is. We think Klondike did that. We like the nonfiction business. We like the economics of the nonfiction business. We also like the way that content moves around the world and repeats. And so I think, from time to time, you'll see us playing in the scripted space, but you will not see us accelerate or lean into that.
David M. Zaslav: Despite the mid-single-digit increase, we're becoming much more efficient in moving our content around the world. And with TLC distributed, we have ID now in over 150 countries. That will be in close to 200 countries over the next year, and the fact that we're much more effective at sharing our content around the world, we think we're getting a bigger bite at the apple. So as we see our market share growing over the last few years outside of the U.S. at 20-plus percent, we think we have a very good shot of maintaining that. And we're very strong coming up this year. So we are accelerating in terms of how we see investment in content to grow our market share. We just think we could do it much more efficiently than we have been because our brands are stronger, we have a lot more that's working but, more importantly, we're sharing content across Discovery, TLC, Animal Planet, Science more effectively.
David M. Zaslav: On the consolidation side, I'll leave that to the distributors, but it does -- we've seen some consolidation in Europe. I think our expectation, in terms of how we see the company, is that we've been in a race. One of the reasons why we've launched 7 new channels over the last 5 years while we've invested in content is both because of consolidation and because content is moving onto other platforms. If you have strong brands and great shows, we think that could be more growth and more opportunity. But if your content isn't strong enough, that consolidation in Europe, consolidation around the world could be a challenge. And so when we say we think this is the best time to be in the content business, that's based on the idea that we own all of our content, our brands are fresh and growing, and people are spending a lot of time with our shows. And so whether there's a lot more consolidation or a little bit, our expectation is that there'll be some. And the way that we'll be more effective in that environment is to have our content strong and to own it so that, as new windows open up, we have the ability to sell, as we have been across those windows.
David M. Zaslav: Let me take the second one, and then Andy will talk about the first. If you go to Latin America, we have a channel called Home & Health, which is one of the -- which is a top 5 network in Latin America for women. It's the equivalent of like a Home and Garden, but we got down there many years ago and have built that channel, which is quite strong for us as a female brand. We also have Discovery Kids in Latin America. In Brazil, Discovery Kids is actually the #1 network in Brazil. It's the equivalent of the USA Network of Brazil, there's a ton of co-viewing. And for 6-and-unders, we also beat all the other kids networks by a fair amount. We also have the Science channel. We've been -- as you said, we have ID, Animal Planet, Discovery. In a number of markets, we've launched channels called Turbo, which is similar to what we have with Velocity, which is a very efficient product for us. We take content like Wheeler Dealers, which is very big in Europe. We bring it over here, we put it on Velocity. And so that whole auto category, men, Turbo, is something that we're finding as a very efficient push to push around the world. And then, we have some broadcast networks, which, as we've talked about in the past, we really see as a hybrid. Even though we don't have sub fees on those, we launch those in markets with low pay-TV penetration. And those, we tend to take our 14 channels here in the U.S. and our average of 10 channels around the world, take that content and figure out a fun mix of male, female content at a very, very low cost to reach a bigger audience.
David M. Zaslav: Sure. Well, we have a significant platform advantage in -- throughout all of Europe. It's beachfront real estate. Having between 1 and 4 channels that are -- where we can do sports gives leagues the choice of either going country-by-country or doing a broad deal with us. It also -- in a competitive environment where you have 1 or 2 players competing -- or 3 players competing for sports rights, the ability for us to come and co-bid with a big broadcast player, where they pay a significant amount of the freight and we pay a little bit and together, we have a compelling offer, is attractive. We don't have that platform advantage here in the U.S. And in fact, it's pretty late to the party. ESPN does a great job. Fox is doing a great job. Brian and Steve are doing a very good job with NBC Universal, and Time Warner is in the game. And so we have a very good channel in Velocity that we like very much. It's very profitable for us, the cost of content is very low. And the way that we'll use sports is that we'll take some content from Eurosport that we have the rights to -- we've taken some of the race content that Eurosport has rights to, and we put it on, on weekend mornings on Velocity for very low cost as an experiment with Eurosport. But we see -- outside the U.S., Eastern Europe, Western Europe, we've launched Eurosport in Asia and in Australia as being markets where it's not very competitive, we have scalability in terms of our access to content, and in many cases, we have rights. The other thing that Eurosport has, which has some accessibility, is we have online rights to all the sports that we have. And they have a very nice business related to that, but there's some nice optionality. If you look at what David Stern has done with the NBA by going direct-to-consumer, there's some very nice optionality on all the sports rights that Eurosport has that we could look at. But the U.S. market is pretty flooded, pretty aggressive and very expensive. And so I think we'll bow out of that for now.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, just to put a little more color on that, Meghan, is the -- look, as we know, Olympics is really only 2 weeks. Right now, as David said, the market is cooperating and strong. Cancellations are low. So it really depends on the scatter market and ratings. But right now, we definitely see some acceleration from where the final results were for the fourth quarter.
Andrew C. Warren: And Todd, just to add to that, one metric that we look at is the Discovery Channel and how much that sub-base is growing internationally. And in 2013, it was up 8%. So that's a good proxy for -- that's the most widely distributed channel out there. So that 8% growth is indicative of kind of how the market is still growing at a nice clip.
Andrew C. Warren: That's right, Alexia. What we've included in the guidance right now -- we haven't assumed any larger deals being done. There's a little bit of runoff for the current deals that would impact 2014, but it's a very small amount.
Andrew C. Warren: And Michael, from a financial perspective, look, as David said, while these tent-pole events, whether it be scripted or live events, are important, it does not change our view that high single digits is the right kind of content growth profile that we're going to have going forward. So to me, it's more of a reallocation. And still, the importance of just singular tent-pole events is kind of what this is all about.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, so let's split it between cash and cost. On the cash side, as we said at the beginning of '13, we're going to be in the mid-single-digit growth on content spend, we did that. We think, on the cash side for '14, it will be kind of mid- to high single digit. On the expense side, while we had the bigger amort expense piece in '13, we definitely see that abating in '14. So very much in line of what we said before as far as mid-single-digit expense in cash content spend in '13 and lower expense in '14.
Andrew C. Warren: And Ben, from a financial perspective, remember the consolidation of Discovery Japan skewed the 2013 numbers to be that mid-teen. It actually was high single digit, excluding Japan, and we expect that to continue in '14.
Andrew C. Warren: Jim, on the SBS side, clearly, the cost synergies are largely behind us and are definitely higher than our deal scenario and deal expectations, the cost synergies around facilities and people costs, et cetera. So that's actually pacing ahead of where we thought. The revenue synergies are still in process, and our view today relative to a year ago is those are also going to be higher. So net-net, SBS is performing better than our deal case, and the IRRs look stronger than we even thought going in. As far as all-in margins, while we're definitely going to grow the SBS margins, and we have already from where they were before, they won't get to where the total D&I is only because of the general entertainment nature of that business, and that's a different cost model. But to be clear, we're definitely growing the margin profile of SBS, and it is performing better than we had expected when we did the deal.
Andrew C. Warren: Our base assumption for International is still double-digit revenue and OIBDA growth in 2014. So we still see a sustained, solid double-digit performance out of the base business internationally.
