Gunnar Wiedenfels: Thank you, Jessica. Let me start with the second question. The guidance does not include any asset sales. There are some opportunities that I'm looking at below deck as we say, but none of that would be baked into this leverage guidance. And on the 2023…
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes. And on the 2023 outlook, look, it's early in the year. And there's a number of uncertainties as you wouldn't be surprised to hear. And I'm very, very glad that we put out some targets in the summer of last year, and we were able to hit those targets. We're putting these targets here out for 2023 with the same mindset that we want to hit or outperform that guidance. We've gone through a couple of the puts and takes here. The biggest unknown continues to be in the ad sales environment. We have a lot of points to be very excited about. We're going to be releasing 12 films, 6 games. One of them is off to a very good start. So a lot to be looking forward to. We're excited about JV's product relaunch in the second quarter, but those are uncertain factors that's very early in the year. And I'm not taking anything off the table here, but I just want to be realistic as well about what we're seeing today.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes. No, the only thing I would add is from the perspective of cyclical versus secular, there's no doubt. I mean, pot levels in the industry, I think, were down 14% in the quarter. Arguably, we've done a little worse than that, partly driven by the scheduling or the sports schedules that David mentioned a couple of minutes ago. But I also think we're very well positioned to grow from here. Kathleen is doing a lot of work, getting the enormous value of our library on screen. We've got some tests going on and it's very early, but some of the numbers that are coming in are looking exciting. She's also restructured the team with development-focused doers, who are running this portfolio as one integrated portfolio. And we've got a time-tested approach to cross promotion, and we're adjusting that right now to the larger portfolio and the larger number of assets that we're promoting. We were able to put that to work behind some of cases launches, behind some of our film launches. And we're seeing some real opportunity here. So I think we're very well positioned. In terms of the market itself, it's -- as I've said before, it's not a good environment. We do see the weekly bookings right now ticking up slightly if you compare January and February with maybe the November, December timeframe, looking a little better; retail, fast food, entertainment, a little better; telecom, small, but coming back; but then you've got other areas like technology is still completely depressed. So again, as I said, a similar picture with more diversity. International, some areas actually trending up now, others still difficult. It's just too early to really call a trend change here.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes. We're assuming that. And I have no doubt that when the market turns, we're going to be in a very, very good position to capture that upswing as well, especially, as David mentioned, with more inventory on the digital side becoming available here, which last year was sort of a limiting factor for us.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And Brett, just to be clear, the Discovery content would still be available on the bigger relaunched combined product. No question about that.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes. And Ben, on the D2C question, let me start with the revenue side of it. We definitely are planning for an inflection on the revenue side. Keep one thing in mind, the entire last year was impacted by this headwind from coming off of Amazon. And we've lapped that now, and we're seeing some growth now. We will always be a little lower maybe than sort of a pure-play D2C product just because of the HBO linear trends that are baked into our revenue number. We'll definitely -- we're definitely planning for revenue improvement. And then on the cost side, all of the trends are pointing in the right direction. We see better engagement, better churn, which makes marketing efficiencies come up. We've rightsized the content investments. And we have high hopes for all of these metrics after the combined product launches to further improve. And later down the road, we're also obviously going to start looking at new market launches, again.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Oh, on FAST. Sorry, Robert. On FAST, look, the strategy is, I think, back to some of the questions earlier, at the end of the day, one of the advantages we feel like we have is the question keeps coming up about windowing. The reality is, in today's environment, I think it would be -- you wouldn't want us to say we have a static a 100% defined windowing strategy. The reality is the market is evolving so dynamically that what we are doing is as 1 team, looking at all the different windows and what our real asset is having actual distribution assets in almost every form of media, whether it be linear television, on-demand television through streaming, games, theatrical distribution, free-to-air, pay TV. And having all those distribution outlets gives us the optionality to look at what the data shows us and see where we need to lean in further or not. FAST is one area that as we look at the evolution of consumer behavior, we look at obviously a lot of the free-to-air viewing moving to what we call free-to-view online. And we don't yet have, we think, a strong enough position in that market. The Roku and the Tubi deal was really just a toe in the water, if you will, 14 channels, a beginning for us, but there'll be more to come as we go through the year, and we do want to have a bigger presence in that space because we do see consumer behavior continuing to shift and having a very robust amount of consumers around the world, who will want to consume ad-supported content. And with the breadth and depth of content that we have across the company, we think we're very uniquely able to do that without jeopardizing or risking the subscription business, the theatrical business or some of our upstream windows, which we'll obviously continue to focus on.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes. Look, I mean on the content spend, Remember, all our strategy changes leading to the content restructuring and write-offs over the course of last year, obviously, that's going to flow through cash as well as we adjust. But that said, there's always going to be a place for quality content and we're open for business. It's the backbone of what we're doing, and we'll keep investing.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And regarding the linear affiliate renewals, as we've said a couple of times that we're very happy with how those discussions went, is a clear testament to the importance and the value that our network portfolio is delivering to our affiliates. Taking a step back here, though, I mean, the reason why -- one of the reasons why we carved out the linear business, the network business is, one, separate segment is to be completely transparent about where those trends are moving. And as I've said before, net-net, that's not a segment where I would expect a sustained revenue growth. That's not the point. It's about the sustainability and the longevity the free cash flow being delivered by that segment. And to that point, I have no doubt that we have years and years of that coming our way.
David Zaslav: And we hit this year with a full leadership team in place. We met with 186 of the top leaders in -- for a week in early January. This is one team now. Everybody has a strategic focus on improving free cash flow, market share for each of the businesses. We have command and control of each of the businesses. And I think our diversity, we have all these different assets that have -- that are different. Some are advertiser-driven. The gaming business is all consumer product driven. And I think that diversity is strength.
David Zaslav: Thank Sure. Well, one of the big advantages that we have, Brett, is that we have this diversity of content. And as we think about where we put content, as Casey looked at HBO, we were able to see which content are people spending time watching, what content is really powerful to us in terms of reducing churn. And then there was a lot of content that just wasn't being viewed. And so we were able, in many ways, to Monday morning quarterback. That's what led us to the conclusion that direct to streaming movies were providing really no value to us. And so -- which -- where we pivoted and said we were going pushing to move all of our films back out with real windows in order to optimize those products. So we're excited about the fact that we're going to take all of the Discovery content and put it together with the HBO Max content in a much better platform. But the key to this company is, as a storytelling company, we have this diversity. We have storytelling and games with Hogwarts, which is really off to a tremendous start for us. We have Channing and her team right now with the #1 or #2 show on almost every platform in America where we're selling to all of our -- to our peers in the business. And then we have the ability to pick from all of these different baskets to build really what may be most important for us, which is a successful and profitable streaming business. That HBO Max, whatever we call it on the launch, is a product that we take around the world and that has a real impact on how people consume content. We believe in it because we believe we have the best menu of content, the best portfolio, the best quality. And we're curating now in a way that's having an impact on America. And so I think that is key to us in terms of building the long-term strength. But the other key is that we have the largest TV and motion picture library and we're the biggest producer of quality content in the world. And so selling that to drive free cash flow and to nourish the overall segment, so that we, as a media segment, can be successful is important.
David Zaslav: Just simply that for those that have Discovery right now, the churn is very low and it's profitable, Discovery+. Many of those people are going to want to move up to a bigger product, more robust with a bigger offering. For those that are happy paying $5 or $7 and having home, food, Discovery and own type content. Our strategy is no sub left behind. We have profitable subscribers that are very happy with the product offering of Discovery+, why would we shut that off. And it is shared -- the platform itself for Discovery+ will be a shared platform. So we have a best -- we have all this work that we've done to build this platform will be taken, so that to the benefit of all of our subscribers on all of our different products.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Ben. Well, look, we were laser-focused on building this DC 10-year plan. James was writing Superman. We're spending time with him and Peter and he had a vision for DC that we are all in on and believe in. He presented that to you and the press about a month ago. It's 1 of the biggest value creation opportunities for us. I think it could and should be huge because it wasn't being pushed on. If you look at D.C., Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings, and then you take a look at Warner as a company without those three, okay? It's -- those three of the tentpole products that when someone's at dinner anywhere in the world, and they look at their watch at 8:00 and you mention Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman, Harry Potter, Lord of the Rings. In every country, they'll leave dinner and they got to go home to view that product that they love. It gives a huge advantage with those tent poles. And so we are a storytelling company. But we -- I believe that we have an overwhelming advantage in the marketplace with the IP that we own, but to take -- to get that advantage, we have to create great content with that IP. So that storytelling IP. We haven't done a Superman movie in 10 years. We haven't done new Harry Potter content in over a decade. And Lord of the Rings, which is a fantastic franchise, Andy Jassy was pushing on it at Amazon with a lot of success, but we own those movie rights. And so we want to optimize that as a unified strategy for the company. And we take that across film, TV and even to sell to third parties, because we have something, we have a treasury that no one else has. And for us, DC alone will be -- could and should be a game changer. And I think there was a lot left on the table. We got to take those swings. We got some of the best creatives in the industry right now focused on those swings.
David Zaslav: Well, look, for us, the market right now, our focus is building a best-of-class product and putting all of our content together and so that it's easy to consume and that people are aware of all the different content that we have. I do believe, as JB said, and we do believe, as a company, that we'll sort of recreate this -- the streaming service, which is ad free, then which -- then there'll be ad-lite. And then we ourselves will run our own fast service. And so effectively, whether you want to look at content for free, you want to look at with edge, you want to look at you want a premium that we -- you would have all that opportunity with us, and it makes sense because we have the largest TV and motion picture library in the world. And we can create a Tubi or a Pluto without buying content from anybody by just being able to put it on ourselves. And so we -- as the largest owner and producer of content in the world, we'll -- we want to super serve effectively our streaming service, which is a top priority as well as an AVOD service so that we could reach everyone in every country, everywhere in the world. But in addition, we want to run this company to drive free cash flow and the ability to monetize a lot of the content that isn't critical to subscriber growth. And that isn't critical to or helpful to churn. And having some of that content appear on our platform and sell it nonexclusively to others is very economically beneficial. And the good news is we've had a real chance to look at content on each of the platforms over the last two years. And we could see, for instance, at HBO, the majority of viewership of content on HBO was only 40% of the content. So there was 60% that was hardly being viewed. And why should we need to monetize that in order to drive shareholder value. And once we establish this funnel, then we can take things like the first season of succession or the second season. We can put that down on our AVOD service. And then if you loved it, you can come up and you could then pay for on ad-lite or in subscription. And basically, we create a flywheel of our own, where we own the full ecosystem, the subscription, the ad-lite and the ad free. And we take advantage of all the content that we have.
David Zaslav: The other point that is front or set up for us is curation. There's loads of content out there. But curation, creating content at a time when people can watch it, creating a community conversation. If you look at The Last Of Us, it was growing every week, Euphoria, to be able to deliver 20 million, 30 million, 35 million people in America watching and to have it be a conversation. Storytelling content is most powerful when you're watching it and then you're with others, either in a theater, or you're able to talk about it either online or with your friends, that's the power of content, not when you're viewing content alone. Content alone is really only half of the equation. And curating content so that people can watch it and have a shared experience is a very big piece of the Warner Bros. Discovery advantage. We can take you into the theater around the world. We can put you on HBO on a Sunday or Monday night, where it's must see streaming TV or we could have to we've launched your movie. We can put you right on HBO on Sunday night with the biggest audience in America, tuning right into you. So I think that's something that's really resonating with the creative community that their content is seen, it's curated and it's elevated and that's part of the cultural conversation, both in the theater and on the platform. And that is what all great talent wants. They want -- they want to have an opportunity for their content to be seen, to be talked about, and they want to feel respected. And that is the culture here at Warner Bros. Discovery. And the best thing that we have going for us right now is all of that hard work that we did, and it was probably two years of work that we did in 10 months, it's now almost -- it's overwhelmingly behind us. All the meetings that I've had in the last two weeks are about great content that we're producing, meeting with creatives that want to come here, how we -- what more shows are we going to be selling, what more shows are we going to be keeping on our platform? And getting ready for our new launch. So I think this is an exciting time because I think we're really -- we made some tough decisions. Some of them we may find we need to adjust, but we feel really good about where we are, and we're accelerating forward.
David Zaslav: And one of the tenets is we're not going to launch any content before it's time. We have a lot of motion picture content that we're reworking and making a lot of progress with. The Hogwarts game, we took several additional months to rework it, to get it right. It's not about getting it out quick. It's not about getting it out for a certain date. It's about telling the best story. And so we're going to be -- Casey is the best example of that. Channing is the best example of that. And now we're -- this year, you're going to see us fighting on DC. You're going to see us fighting at Warner Bros. on the Motion Picture side, in order to really -- I think there's a huge opportunity on the Warner Bros. Motion Picture side for investment in quality content and storytelling. But it's -- we're not going to tell any story before it's done. And I think you're going to see a big difference that when we release something, it's going to be a product that we think is the best it could be.
Jean-Briac Perrette: No. I think the focus right now is obviously continuing to on the expanded entertainment offering, and we think the complementary of the HBO Max and Discovery+ entertainment offering is significant and will be a major step forward for consumers, who are looking for simplified number of choices, more breadth of options in terms of content all in 1 place and for good value. That's what we're looking to primarily deliver. But as David said, we've got sports and news that today are really untapped in the streaming world, and those are optionality for what we might be willing to do in the future, and we'll share more of that on the 12th with you with more detail.
Jean-Briac Perrette: The only other thing I'd add, Ben, is for us, it's not just a question of subscriber scaling. Yes, that's one important ingredient. So we do see subscriber scale as one part of the revenue growth story. We see price as a very important second part. Internationally, as I've said before, we look at our pricing is significantly under where we think the market is. We see churn as a third important variable that historically has been relatively higher on the HBO Max product that with the two products coming together, that ultimately coming down is important. And then obviously, with the new product, we just look at some of the features that we're going to be rolling out and some of the improved and enhancements from a performance standpoint in the product at a much higher engagement, which will help both our ad-lite monetization, including, as David mentioned earlier, the fact that we're now putting ads and all the content on HBO Max as opposed to just some of the content on HBO Max, all those will be part of the revenue drivers in addition to obviously having the rights like we talked about before, for all of our sports in the U.S. and news content eventually that could also help us drive further scale and pricing in the years ahead.
Jean-Briac Perrette: And I think I just only add go ahead. No, I was just going to say that as David has said before, I think the industry obviously was at a scale at any cost. We said starting last August, we believe in profitable scale. The industry was in a quantity of content over quality, we believe, in a quality over quantity and therefore, spend-wise, spend needs to get rationalized. And at the end of the day, the consumer is at a point in time where they want more choice and better breadth of choice from fewer services, because they just don't have either share of wallet to be able to spending on five, six, seven services anymore. And so you put the Discovery+ and HBO Max proposition together at a great value, and we think we deliver something that ultimately has something for everybody in the household, which will help us on scale and help us on churn, which are the two major ingredients we're focused on as well as obviously engagement.
