Peter Faricy: Yeah. I think that's something I'd love to talk about more over time. I think we continue to see people using that feature, but I'd love to give you more feedback on that. And also, we've talked about we want to launch in 2020 the ability for people to be able to buy kitchen utensils and kitchen equipment as well. So, I'd love to talk about -- more about that in a future call. But right now, I think one of the biggest signals we're excited about is it's very hard to have live classes all over the nation every single day. The technology has worked outstandingly well. And that's one of the reasons that I think we really feel like we can scale up the number of classes. We even did a series of classes last weekend with Molly Yeh in North Dakota, live from her actual kitchen which was just wonderful to watch. The customer feedback was incredible. So, we're excited. This has a lot of potential avenues for growth. And right now, we're all in on all those avenues.
Peter Faricy: When we see, David and myself, Bruce Campbell runs our corporate development were all at NBC back in the days when 10-plus years ago when we created Hulu here in the U.S. and we've seen what that has done over the last 10 years. And so, we not only are believers in the aggregation strategy and the power of local in that context for the U.S. market, but we know that that can work and it can scale meaningfully. And so in a world where a lot of English language international players are, as David said, spending a lot of money on English language scripted content. At the end of the day, for the last three decades as a company, we've learned that as you go out internationally local is incredibly important. And while some of those companies may eventually get to that and certainly are investing in certain areas, it's hard. It takes time. And we already have in many of these markets, very strong positions with the leading local players. And so, we believe that the local strategy is critically important, can be very viable and can be a leading video aggregation streaming service, just like it's proven out here in the U.S. with Hulu. And so whether it's Joyn, whether it's our Dplay apps, we have now -- and you look across certainly the European footprint, we have the leading position in Europe of being able to connect the dots over time on a -- the leading local streaming services in each of the big markets across Europe. And it's working. It's scaling in the markets we have it. And we think that these things are hard. They're not easy to do, but we have real track record. We have experience doing them. We have people who know how to execute these deals. And then we know how to build the right teams and hire the right people to get these up and running. And so, we think that's a very differentiated approach for us that is unique to our strategy across Europe.
Peter Faricy: Yes. We -- our current thinking is regrouping at the very beginning of 2020 and choosing with Amazon our partners in this a few more countries to launch across the world. And I think JB and I are very excited about the opportunity. I think, JB mentioned on the previous call we actually have some food assets outside the U.S. that are quite popular. That extends all the way through Asia as well and the Middle East. And so we're going to kind of take a look at where we think we have the best localized content to leverage already because we like to own our own P and have a head start and -- where we can get the biggest benefit from having Amazon and where we think we can serve consumers best, but we absolutely plan to roll this product out beyond the U.S. in 2020.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Okay. Vijay let me comment on those. So I'll start with your margin point. I mean, as you know we had already guided for no margin increase for the third quarter and came in a little better. But I continue to say do not expect further margin increase. We are operating at industry-leading margins. And that being said we will absolutely continue to be laser-focused on the efficiency of this company. We have a lot more initiatives in store. We're continuing to improve our cash conversion, et cetera. But as you know, we're also looking at a number of initiatives on the digital side that Peter just referred to that, we will be funding as we look forward. So, no more margin expansion to be expected, even though we continue to be super focused.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And maybe to the question of the size of the opportunity again, as we've said many times, for us it's too early to be talking about a framework of P&L metrics for you guys at this point. But let me just say, we were convinced that it can be material. We've got super passionate audiences in all of those verticals. And as a matter of fact, if you look at our numbers that we're reporting this quarter, last quarter and what we're seeing for next quarter, we're starting to see some material contributions come through on the top-line. And I only see that expanding as we move forward. And the other thing to keep in mind is from a P&L perspective, all of these verticals that we're talking about have the great advantage again that we're not in the business of $5 million per hour production. But we have the benefit of true utility content at very low costs. So I'm excited about the opportunity not only from a revenue growth, but also from the bottom-line perspective. Again, with that being said, obviously, we want to make the right investments. We're not netting for margins in the short-term, but we'll manage for a sustainable long-term setup of this company.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Alexia, 100%. It's a great year. It's an exciting event that's coming up. And certainly with the transition that JB and Peter have managed for the Eurosport Player it's now on our own tech stack, et cetera. So we're in attack mode for the player for sure. So it's an important event. Financially as we have discussed previously, remember we're going to see about 30% of the total rights costs for the Olympics come through next year. So that is a significant chunk of events that is going to hit the third quarter. And if you keep in mind the monetization, we're exploiting these rights across all levers sublicensing advertising affiliate deals and then our own direct-to-consumer deal. So those revenue streams are all contributing to the monetization, but obviously over a longer term while the expenses are going to hit in the third quarter. And it's also fair to say that given this is later in the year, we'll have less time in the year 2020 to recoup some of those investments because especially if you look at player revenues from additional subscribers affiliate renewals et cetera, those are longer-term impacts on the top line. I hope that's helpful.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Drew so, we don't break that out specifically because as you say it's several contributions in multiple lines of business in the two segments. But as I said before, it's starting to meaningfully contribute to revenue growth and it has been for a couple of quarters. And I expect more of that next year. And just to give you an order of magnitude it's several hundred million dollars of total direct-to-consumer revenues that we already have to-date.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes. So let me take a step back here. When we defined that original $300 million to $400 million envelope keep in mind a lot of these individual products were business plans at that point. So there's a certain amount of uncertainty and we have been prioritizing products against each other. That's why we've come in at the lower end of that spend envelope around $300 million rather than towards the top end of the $400 million. As I said earlier you should expect that in Q4 as we fully get behind Food Network Kitchen from a marketing perspective as well and all the other products we've got internationally that you'll see some more investments come through. And it's too early to talk about specific numbers for next year. I mean, we're still in the process of budgeting. But you shouldn't be surprised to see increased investments. Keep in mind Food Network Kitchen is going to be a full year plus some global markets. We've got a handful of new markets coming online for golf. Eurosport Player is going to be the priority with the Olympics. Dplay has seen a tremendous run extremely successful in terms of the subscriber uptake. So we really want to get behind that as well. And then we've got new products coming to the market with Magnolia in -- around the summer with our factual products that's in the making. So with all that you should assume a little bit of an increase in investments. Again, too early to talk about specific numbers. And then as we've said earlier as well I want to have the full flexibility to be able to get behind products that work because with all of these products it's the drumbeat that Peter laid out initially focused on the input factors make sure that we have the right product, make sure we're seeing the engagement of first adopters. And then once we're convinced that we're onto something, we really want to be able to get behind performance, marketing, and really spending up to lifetime value to scale those products quickly. So there's very likely again going to be a bit of a range as we talk about.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: All right. So let me start with the digital initiatives and the goalpost. I understand the desire to get as much of a modeling framework as possible. As I have said many times before, we want to maintain the flexibility right now to try things and to fail if we have to fail or to get behind stuff that's working. And as Peter said, we're really focused on input metrics rather than trying to chase metrics further down the funnel, be it subscriber numbers or let alone revenue and profit numbers. So that's why it is very early. The other thing is -- one thing to keep in mind -- again this business drives our two reporting segments, the U.S. Nets the D&I segment. So there's always that element that these businesses are all embedded in our regional structure. Now that being said, I do think -- and again it's a little early for that but I would expect that as we go through next year with more product launches and more let's say track record on existing products that we will increasingly start giving more disclosure here. But again I don't think it would be helpful right now to get too granular. And it wouldn't be responsible either because again it's very early days. Number two on the buybacks, look I mean we've been saying the same thing for the longest time now and our priorities haven't changed. We are now at 3.1 times. Very soon we'll be at the lower end of our target range. And again I do continue to want to take advantage of our balance sheet here. And we're funding all the investments as you could see in our numbers here. We will continue to look for M&A opportunities. But you all know that that's easier said than done. We would do another Scripps acquisition any day, but they're not that available. And to be honest with you, if I look at the buybacks that we executed last quarter, those are going to be great investments. And honestly investing in our own stock sets a very, very high bar for every M&A activity. So this idea of investing in ourselves be it through buybacks or be it through funding organic investments on the D2C side is going to be a priority.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Well, I think you're thinking about it right, but let me make one thing very clear. I don't see any scenario where we'd be spending that much in Peter's investments here that there will be a really material impact on our free cash flow. We will prioritize those investments but this is not…
David Zaslav: Having said that, it is a great magnet for massive audiences and attention to the quality of what we're able to do. We're the only company that can have the Olympics in 25 languages with local hosts. It's one of the reasons that the PGA TOUR came to us. It's the reason why Thomas Bach came to us to innovate. It was in terms of innovation. Last time we were on every platform and we reached more people under 25 than ever before. And we were just getting started. JB talk a little bit about how we can use the Olympics not just for sustainable growth which you've done but also to promote a lot of these other products golf cycling the Eurosport Player.
David Zaslav: A good way to think about it is, we're doing a terrific job, great leadership team driving down on the existing ecosystem, everywhere in the world. We're on the leading end of performance in terms of our ability to -- we're growing ratings outside the U.S., our ability to commercially monetize that, our relationships with distributors, the ability to launch new channels everywhere in the world where no one else can. So the existing ecosystem we're very effective and we're driving hard. But what you're seeing now is we're mounting a massive attack with all this IP as our artillery on everybody else, because everyone should have our content. So whether it's Food Network Kitchen, whether it's Golf, whether it's the Eurosport Player, whether it's Motor Trend, Magnolia those are siloed passion driven attacks. And Dplay across Europe is picking up. Everybody that doesn't subscribe to cable and those who do subscribe to cable with SVOD and AVOD products and that's what we're looking at in the U.S. is stepping up a full-on attack, mount and attack with our differentiated content against -- to serve --super serve and serve viewers and people that own phones and people that just love the characters and content that we have and delight in the fact that we're differentiated. Everybody knows who we are. We don't promote ourselves because we have a show. We don't have to tell everybody come watch a show. They want to come hang out with the characters we have and the brands that we have. And so we're starting -- we're looking at things very differently because the passion for us as a group of IP seems to be very, very sustainable and strong.
David Zaslav: We have an ability to do whatever we want, but we're probably the most -- we've been the most friendly company in terms of the existing ecosystem. And we're looking to continue. We're talking to existing distributors. We're in the marketplace. We started by talking to customers about their confusion, about all these offers of what scripted series should I watch now? I got 20 of them in the hopper. And we're finding some great information about what we have and how valuable it is. And we're now trying to evaluate the best way -- we want to preserve the existing ecosystem. And we think that we have an ability to also attack everyone that doesn't subscribe to cable and have them have an opportunity to watch the great content they grew up watching.
David Zaslav: Look what we're doing is we're looking at the strength of our IP in the U.S. in the aggregate. And we're looking at -- and talking to consumers, how much they love it. We see through our GO platform, how young the people that are using it and how much time they're spending with it. And we're now looking at what -- how do we take that content. We're already doing it independently. Is there an opportunity for us to take that content on a broader basis to reach -- to mount and attack on those that are not existing cable subscribers. That's the full ecosystem. That's what everyone is looking to do and needs to do, which is take the great IP and reach everyone. We want everyone to watch our content. And we have to do it the way we did it in Germany. But candidly, we haven't wanted a partner in the U.S. because all those entertainment platforms don't have enough. They've spoken to us. And we look at what they have is differentiated. They're part of an overall entertainment pie. And they each have a piece; none of them have it all. We have almost all of each of our platforms. And when we put it together we have something that's compelling. And so we'll be looking at that over the next few months.
David Zaslav: And one of the reasons is that, if you think, the jewel for HBO's Game of Thrones, our jewel on Food Network Kitchen, might be Martha Stewart cooking for Thanksgiving or just cooking -- doing a live cooking class every day. If we find that they really love Martha or they really love Bobby then we can -- we don't have to wait 1.5 years. It doesn't cost us $8 million an episode. The next week we sit down -- everyone working with us is having a great time. And even with our existing content, our average cost of content is -- has stayed relatively flat. In some cases, we've been able to maybe do a little bit better. But -- and our average cost of content is $0.5 million an episode. On Sunday night, we're generating a 35 on -- with 90 Day Fiancé on TLC. And the cost of that content is -- it's the number one show on television on Sunday night. And the cost of that content is actually less than that.
David Zaslav: The one point on the current ecosystem, Charlie announced this morning, that he added 150,000 subscribers, with 214,000 Sling subscribers, which is a skinny bundle. And we are -- on every skinny bundle, we happen to have very good carriage on both of the Sling platforms which I don't know that anybody else does. So we'll be the beneficiary of that. But it's a directional point. 214,000 subscribers and they don't carry any regional sports. Charlie is not putting regional sports on Sling. You talk about this overstuffed bundle, retrans, sports networks regional sports networks. It's all weighing down this industry. And here's Charlie. He just takes the regional sports code off. And he picks up 214,000 subscribers. And if you take one of our distributors out, that has been working on getting rid of non-performing subscribers. And you see we're slightly down. We may be flat. So I don't know, if this is going to be a pivot. But if there's a skinny bundle that can get some acceleration and we are seeing a rotation into some of these, what I would call, MVPDs, we have very good carriage on all of them, better positioned than anybody. And maybe this is a moment where the U.S. can -- if the existing distributors can get some courage, I think they can start to benefit the consumers which is, "Hey I don't want to pay $100 and get all these regional sports networks. I don't want to pay for all the sports. I just want some great content. That's what I spend time watching. So I think Sling is very encouraging. And it's a good mark for the industry. Stop stuffing the damn bundle, serve the consumer.
JB Perrette: Yes. But, I think, if we look at the Olympics as having several different value streams aside from the direct ones that Gunnar pointed out. And so two or three that are additional to that. Number one, obviously, with the world turning for that 17-day period to the games right in advance of also the fall season launches in a lot of our bigger entertainment and free-to-air markets in Europe we use the games massively as a promotional vehicle to drive all fall seasons and our new lineups across the network. So as a marketing push it will be hugely helpful. It was incredibly successful for us in PyeongChang. Realizing that PyeongChang obviously in the Winter Olympics were only popular in a fraction of the European continent where winter sports are more popular. This obviously being the summer is a totally Pan European and every market is interested in this. So we'll use it from a marketing vehicle for our content mainly. The second piece is I think you've heard David previously, say in PyeongChang even though it was off-cycle in terms of games that probably had a little less visibility because it's winter a little less visibility because it was PyeongChang and not Tokyo which is getting a lot more buzz and a lot more awareness to it than 2018 did. We drove 0.5 million new subscribers to the player in that period during the winter. For now for the summer where the games are popular across the entire continent, where we have the only place you'll be able to get all the games will be on the player. We think we can use that to drive greater -- a much greater penetration for our Eurosport Player product. And then the third is as we look at the broader line of the direct-to-consumer products that Peter and the team are building whether that be Dplay, obviously, Eurosport Player and potentially some of the other products that we are rolling out whether it be Motor Trend et cetera using the Olympics also to drive awareness to the rest of the direct-to-consumer portfolio and try and drive subs in a broader range of our portfolio. Those are really three major priorities for us as we look at leveraging this huge event and the biggest global event in the world to drive value for us across our portfolio.
JB Perrette: I think, the other thing -- Doug, its JB, I think Dplay and the traction we've had internationally has also opened our eyes a little bit, to the fact that we all focus -- and particularly obviously for the U.S. focus on what's happening to the pay-TV bundle and subscriber loss. I think that's the defensive way of looking at it. The offensive way to look at it which is what we've seen internationally is, there's also enormous -- and in some markets obviously like the U.S. growing percentage of base that has never or doesn't have access to our content or is choosing not to have access. And yet would love it. And so when we look at a market like Italy, which essentially has more than 70% of the population is not signing up for pay-TV. As we've launched Dplay in that market we've realized, now rather than just holding on to the 30% penetration of pay-TV, we got to get much more offensive about going after the 70% that never has had it. And that's a whole new target base that -- as we're seeing early numbers is looking at our content and saying, we'd love to have this. And so that's an exciting way of looking at it. And I think, part of what David is referring to in terms of us looking at the U.S. market and having sort of that same question.
JB Perrette: Yeah. So, I think our view is generally. And as sort of David referred to in the Poland example, we think the faster and the more local aggregation can come together the better. And so in that market where essentially between us and Polsat we have about 70% of the audience share in the market. I think that sort of answers the question of we view that -- even though, we have -- we are the largest broadcaster in Poland as an example. And we do go it alone. And we're seeing traction and growth on our own. We think that making it easier back to what David just said about, lead with the consumer, that the simpler we can make it, in aggregating content, in a good experience, for the consumer wins. And at the end of the day, even with a 30% share of audience plus in a market, if we can partner with another big -- one or two big players that have meaningful share and make it even easier with more great content will locally differentiate it. So that is always going to be the better approach. Whether we can get that done in every market, look, obviously is something that's a work in process. But I think, as broadcasters around the world are realizing that the model has to change. And that their future is going to be entirely based on how quickly and how well they can pivot to the streaming world. The good news is, Discovery with our track record of putting these partnerships together, developing these products, scaling these products. We're a unique partner and the most credible partner and in a lot of these markets to pull it together.
