David Zaslav: Jessica, it's David. So let me take the first part on growth. We've seen real strength across the board internationally. So we actually grew over 15% in all of our market segments. So it was pretty broad-based and it's continuing thus far. As you know, internationally, we don't do an upfront in most markets so we don't get as much transparency in terms of long-term, but we aren't seeing any real softness. We're seeing strength pretty much across the board. In terms of our deals, we had 15% growth and 8% revenue growth. Part of that has to do with -- depending on the market, we don't speak about whether how our deals scale up, but in some markets where there's a lot of growth, we might have deals where the rates are lower and so that's what -- some of what you're seeing is that we're getting bigger growth in some of the emerging markets and some of those markets, the economics aren't as compelling.
David Zaslav: And as we look at the network, the ratings have not been, out of the first few months here, they've been below our expectations. And so we've been digging in, we're focused on what does the audience want from OWN, we're fully committed to the brand. A lot of what we have coming is the strength that we think OWN is, which is Oprah herself. Her show will be winding down and we'll be getting Oprah and her team. We're going to get Rosie who I was with 2 weeks ago. So we have a lot of our stuff coming up, 21 more series. But it has been a slower start. As we said in the beginning, this is, it's a long-term play building a channel. We have a lot of advantages here. A lot of them haven't come to us to the channel yet, but it's going to take us a while and we're committed to it.
David Zaslav: Well, ID for the past 2 years has been not just the fastest growing cable network in terms of ratings, but the distribution team, which Bill Goodwyn heads up, has done a great job of driving the distribution. In the beginning of the year, we were at 70 million. And last year, we grew faster than anyone and by the end of the year, we had commitments to be in over 80 million. It also was a pretty good economic model and that the cost of the content compared to some of our other bigger channels is less. And the hit rate, which Life running it, has been quite strong. And so we're seeing real momentum. We can't really speak to the economics of the distribution, but we are beginning to be able to really monetize the value of the advertising. And when you hit 70 million, it's a big deal for the advertising community in terms of distribution. And when we hit 80 million, we think it's going to be significant. But you look at that channel today, it's the number 27 channel in America, and it has a real disadvantage. There's 20%, 25% of the homes it's not reaching. And within the homes that have it, there's still, the majority of the people don't know it's on their system. So we think that there's a lot of upside and in the near term, it'll be mostly be advertising driven because our deals aren't enough for a while.
David Zaslav: Okay, well, let me address it by going through the first quarter where we saw strength pretty much across the board. The autos actually, were quite strong, and that may be a reflection of, you saw Ford's earnings earlier this week or late last week, but the autos across the board have been strong financials. All the categories are consumer electronics, everybody is in. So we're seeing some real strength. As Brad said, it's continuing through April. And we're going into our upfront, we'll have to see how that goes but everything feels right now like at least at this moment, it feels like it's going to be, we're hitting upfront at a very good time for our company because our channels are growing, our viewership and market share is growing, but we'll have to see with how it plays out over the next 2 months.
David Zaslav: So far, we've seen nothing. In fact, the autos have kind of been a leader. Having said that, we don't have anybody, no category for us is over 11% of our overall advertising revenues. We're pretty well scattered.
David Zaslav: And just to build on that, that was realtime in Italy. And we took it to a -- made it a broadcast platform, a female channel, and it is now 1 of the top 10 channels in Italy. And we've had some real success in getting ratings and we've had some good success in monetizing it. But as Brad said, that was a channel that we were paid for. But we think in the long term, that could be a bigger channel for us with this configuration.
David Zaslav: One, we don't get into details on these deals, but we don't -- we're not paying for any upfront, for any carriage. It's a mix of both, Doug. We have a lot -- as you know, we have between 5 and 6 channels in 210 countries and so, we do have an advantage. We know just by taking channels that were underperforming, that we can flip those into TLC, and we've done that in a number of markets. But we also -- because we're on the ground with real relationships in a lot of these markets, for instance, in Poland, when we launched TLC, one of the reasons it's the #1 network for women in Poland is we were able to really drive the distribution of it. We went in and sold in the fact that we were going to go hard at a strong female network, and we were able to take a channel that had about 60% coverage in Poland and pick up the remaining 40%. So we have now a fully distributed channel. So in some cases, we're flipping. In some cases, we're enhancing the distribution we have with the channels, and in some cases, we're launching a new channel. But we're actually a little bit ahead of schedule with 72 million, so we should, by the end of the year, TLC should be the #1 most distributed women's brand in the world. And that sounds great, but we got some work to do to make it a strong channel that women affiliate with around the world. I would just add that it's a little bit of a different model than Discovery and Science and Animal Planet. And we went into it, understanding that we're probably going to need, that we will need more local. And the positive for us, and it's early, but the positive so far, is that more of the U.S. content is working than we thought. Because we kind of looked at TLC and saw it as a more of an American culture channel, it wouldn't travel as well. So more is working than we thought, not knowing near as much as we use of Animal Planet, Science and Discovery. But also, local content, the production, the cost of it, has been really manageable or lower than we expected. And so far, the channel's doing quite well. So it's early days, but it's very encouraging.
David Zaslav: On the authentication piece, it's a very interesting moment to be in the content business. We own all of our content. And historically, we've built strong relationships with the traditional distributors, and the content was consumed on the set. What TV Everywhere and some of these new platforms are presenting is an opportunity, as people consume content on different platforms, for us to have additional discussions about making our content available, whether -- right now, we're available on the TV, on the authenticated tests with Comcast and Time Warner. But as TV Everywhere becomes broader and as some of these other platforms become more meaningful, those are all opportunities for us as a content owner to talk about getting more value for our content. So it's a good moment. A lot of these business models have to really shake out. But it presents, I think, some upside opportunity for all of us in the content business.
David Zaslav: Well, look, there's been a rotation, I think, off of broadcast to cable for a long time. And then cable, the overall viewership of cable over the last year has kind of flattened. And clearly, I think behaviorally, people are spending more time on with cable brands that they trust. And cable, the difference between cable and broadcast to viewers has narrowed. And in fact, a lot of the great original content now, a lot of the great talent, a lot of the great producers and writers have moved to cable over the last couple of years. And so, there is a -- that presents really a good opportunity for us because there's still a significant differential between the CPM on broadcast and cable, to a 30%, 35%, 38%. And when you can deliver big audiences -- there was some Friday nights when we had Gold Rush and Flying Wild Alaska, we're not only with Discovery, the #1 network for men, but it was the #1 network period that night. And so if we can deliver really good audiences with good stories on TLC on all of our channels in a good advertising environment, the ability for Joe Abruzzese and the sales team to go out there and talk about the fact that you can buy us, you could buy a tighter audience, and it's a big audience, and you can give us a very good price, but you can pay less than broadcast is an advantage. So trend-wise, I think at least at this point, it seems pretty flat on the cable side, but we've been able to -- we grew 7% last year. This year's 6% so far. I think it's because we're focused on making our channels stronger.
David Zaslav: Ben, with regard to the mix, in the domestic, about 3/4 of the increase was pricing, 1/4 of it's volume in terms of the sellout. And that's how the quarter played itself out. With regard to what the broadcast, what the inventory position is and how that flows to us, it's a pretty firm scatter market so we've indicated there is some element of inventories being tight. So that's what I would say beyond just like any specific network or any work that broadcasters in general.
David Zaslav: Well, the U.K., there's 2 pieces to it. One is that the U.K. really dipped. And so we have a little bit of a CAGR that makes us feel really good because we're coming off a tougher base. Having said that -- and then you have the issue there that the way advertising is sold in almost every market in that year. And the way that it's sold in the U.K., there's a hesitation. You lose, you're actually selling, you get your ratings value in the next year. But the market has been, in addition to the CAGR issue, has been pretty strong for us. And some of it has to do with the fact that we now have 14 channels there. We got broadcast channel in Quest. Our overall viewership numbers in the U.K. are up. But the market itself is pretty decent. And so it's those 2 factors. The fact that it's comparing with the low-end number and the fact that we've actually done pretty well. And the market, it feels pretty good. It's a market that we weren't expecting a lot from, and it feels pretty good for us this quarter and it performed well.
David Zaslav: You could take a look at our balance sheet and see that we, as Brad said, we're going to be buying back more stock. We would like to invest some of that money to strategically grow, primarily, I guess our focus, our first choice would be outside the U.S. We have, we think, the best international platform business in the world. We have -- we're in 210 markets with 6 channels. The good news is that we're growing now by investing in those channels and making them better and launching HD around the world where we lead. But we also look opportunistically for assets. And we don't talk about specific deals, but those ProSieben assets were good dual-revenue stream assets, the majority of them, in a very stable market, Norway, Denmark and Sweden, not a huge growth market, but very stable. And so if we had our way, buying assets outside the U.S. would be the first place we would go, but because we also have good synergy. But we don't want to overpay. And we're only going to buy assets if we think we can grow faster with them. Because we do feel like we have the alternative of investing in ourselves.
David Zaslav: Well, FitTV is really Health, is now Health. And that's a pretty nice place for us because we had that library. We have all that content. And so putting it on there, there is an advertiser interest in it, and it was really the advertisers that pushed us to keep that going. And so it does well for us. Every 1 of our 13 channels here in the U.S. is profitable. The 1 that we think we could do better with is Planet Green. It's a good platform. The Planet Green concept itself hasn't worked out very well. We think that it's underperforming. And so we're looking at, over the next 9 months, what is the right next step for that platform? What could we do? We're talking to cable operators, we're talking to advertisers, and we'll probably come up with a shift on that, and when we figure out a really good idea.
David Zaslav: Sure. And I think this goes to the more global point I was trying to make that, now that there's, you have Netflix, you have the iPad, you got all kinds of tablets, you got consumers now looking to consume content on those platforms. In the next couple of months, there'll be more platforms. Even though the scale of that viewership isn't that significant at this point, it is an opportunity for us and we view it that way. I think we're unusual in that we own all of our content. We have a great library. We have brands that people really feel an affinity for and passionate about. And so we view all those as opportunities for us to work with those companies and with the cable and DDS distributors, whoever wants to figure out how to make content more available, more portable, on different platforms, every one of those conversations is a good conversation for us.
Bradley Singer: Jessica, if you look at where we are today, we're about $215 million of refunded through the first quarter, and that includes the $57 million. Our investment will be dependent on the progress of the ratings over the next several quarters. We are committed to the success of the assets and are confident that this is in the long-term success. But what we will do is evaluate our fundings, ensure they are appropriately weighed in either the joint venture with the long-term profitability expectations in network, and ultimately enhance the shareholder value. And that's how we think about it. It's not a 1 or 2 quarters, it's over a decent period of time.
Bradley Singer: The greatest margin opportunities is the markets that have the lowest level of ad sales. In the U.S., our ad sales actually exceed our affiliate sales. Internationally, our affiliate sales are the dominant form of revenue, right? It's usually 60%, 70% or even more percent depending on the region. And so in Latin America, in Asia, in Eastern Europe, we have lower levels of ad sales, and that's where you see the margin expansion opportunity are the greatest.
Bradley Singer: I think it's meant to be -- we grew around 15% in the first quarter. And the second quarter, who is on a comparable trend, despite a tougher comp in terms of even, you're to going up against the 13% increase the prior year, we still think we'll have a nice mid-teens kind of growth rate. But we have to deliver the audience over that period of time.
Bradley Singer: Well, Doug, there's a couple of things that went into that. Part of it's David's spot on it. The mix issues, where the subs are coming from, played a big role. We also, if you remember last year, we went in one market in particular, we went nonexclusive. So what we've made up a little bit, and a decent amount in advertising went to a free-to-air product in one of the markets. And so we swapped affiliate fees for advertising so to speak. That shaved off a couple of hundred basis points of the growth rate if you would have added that back. And that will play about over the course of this year.
Bradley Singer: Spencer, it's Brad. With regard to the NFL, I think we'll have to see how that plays out. I think whatever does happen, it's not a long-term impact, unless the NFL ultimately goes away, which I don't think anyone would ever think that would ever happen. So I think that is more wait-and-see. NFL will play itself out over I'd say, over the next several months, and we'll see what happens.
Bradley Singer: Sure, Rich. It's Brad. I'll take both questions, and let me take the second one first. With regard to how we're looking at our capital deployments, in my remarks, I highlighted that we will likely be accelerating our stark pay to share repurchase when we take into consideration what we see right now in the strategic environment. And so we had always taken that into account. And based on where we are today, you will see us deploy more capital at a higher level as we move through the year than we have in the past. So that will move us up in terms of deploying the cash we generated potentially, also depending on where or how much we spend, what we do with increasing our current position of leverage. With regard to ID and profitability and just to frame it, we still have the -- significant majority of our cash flow does come from the 3 fully distributed networks. ID is right now, a fraction of those networks. It's a young network, it's had its success for a year. We've done a very good job, our ad sales team is building the revenues from the tenths of millions to over $100 million this year. And our leader, and Henry Schleiff, has done a great job with his team delivering that audience. Over time, as it keeps growing, that should become over $100 million as those should keep progressing up to reflect the audience that it's delivering.
Bradley Singer: And as you look at our ad sales, the 15% growth rate, several hundred basis points of that growth is attributed to ID. And so you're seeing it play itself out right now in the ad sales line. And that will keep moved up. That we expect as we move forward this year and in future years, that will continue.
Bradley Singer: Jason, when we looked at our internal forecast, they actually did move up the same amount as the gain and maybe slightly more. What we did is we moved up the net income only $75 million, just to be cautious in terms of the noncash stock that moves around when share prices, with other share prices around, and as that goes away over time, it's much of an impact this year than it was last year, and it'll be much less next year. But that's how we just put a little cushion in for that.
Peter Liguori: Spencer, no one's selling against it, so to speak. Everybody's aware of it, but no 1 is presenting themselves as an alternative to the NFL. I mean, we're confident in our audience and what we deliver and that's where we're sticking with.
Peter Liguori: No. There hasn't been any changes, Peter, hasn't been any change. We do have a long-term plan. And roughly, I would look toward about 400 hours of original programming between the beginning and the end of the year in prime.
Peter Liguori: Well, the difference in the 2 is we're going to be focusing more on upper-income men's lifestyle. And that will lead us more toward higher-end cars, car auctions, certain travel, certain lifestyle aspects. How big is the audience? We haven't painted a specific number because obviously, it's not just those people who are in that income range, but those people who aspire to be in that income range. So we do think it's a, got strong potential for us. Scammers [ph] is doing a good job of creating programming and really targeting in, not only on that demographic, but that psychographic as well.
Peter Liguori: It takes a while for the catch up of -- you can't just take a CPM and double it. So the ratings have been growing. It's a process and it takes some time, domestically and around the world, not just with ID, but as we launch our channels. It takes some time to build up. So the audience is growing and our CPM is growing but -- and our team's doing, I think, a great job. But the full potential of our CPM, we think is significantly higher than where it is right now. But it's going to take a while for the market to catch up with it.
Peter Liguori: All of us have benefited over the last year-plus when the broadcasters end up having big make-good issues because their audience share is going down. It benefits all of us because it tightens up the market, and as I said earlier, that spread, that 35%, 40% spread gives mix -- the dollars can't go to broadcast and it gives us, Joe and the team, a chance to pick a lot of that up. And it's true I think for all of cable to get the benefit of that.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: Speaking of the U.K., thanks for the invite to the royal wedding party. I'm just wondering if you guys could send out specific details on that as soon as possible.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: Brad, Reuters had reported a couple of weeks ago that Discovery was looking at ProSieben's Nordic TV assets. And so if you could just remind us, I don't know if you'd be willing to comment, just remind us of your M&A strategy, your M&A philosophy, and where you're spending the most time in terms of M&A.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: And then one follow up, David. I don't think you've mentioned Planet Green and FitTV. I know they're smaller networks, but along the sort of a theme of the HD Theater re-branding of Velocity, have you thought about -- are those candidates for re-branding? Or are those clicking along? Maybe just give us an update.
