JB Perrette: All right. We lost you – or I list you for a second. Look, echoing David's comments, we have – the exciting thing about the international rollout is we have more and more partners outside of the U.S. who are coming to us saying, ‘hey, we'd love to figure out ways to do more things together, whether that be as David said on the traditional distribution side, whether that be other players in the streaming space. And particularly, which is important, outside the U.S., local content players in a lot of markets who are looking for a partner and look at us as having a very strong platform capability and obviously an incredible international content offering and lineup that we can do something together. So, we've had a lot of strength already, as some of the examples David's shown, but we do have a lot of active conversations with additional partners that will help us scale and help us localize and get more local content into these offerings as we roll out, which we'll certainly tell you more about over the weeks and months to come.
JB Perrette: Yes, look. I think we look at the evolution of the storytelling and interactive entertainment as a space and say it's one of the unique areas in media that is growing, both growing in terms of time spent, growing in terms of engagement, and growing in terms of revenue. And so we still see this as a huge opportunity for us. We know that our franchise is particularly in a world where the gaming industry, launching brand new franchises is getting harder and harder for a number of reasons, including IDFA deprecation and more challenges with marketing and customer acquisition. And that franchises, like the ones that we have, are in high demand and can help in launching games. Now, you still need a great game. And the reality is we've had the unfortunate, in the short period of 12 months, we went from having the record year that we had in 2023 with Hogwarts Legacy, to unfortunately having the opposite side of that spectrum with Suicide Squad. And it is still, they will still be a hit driven nature of some of that business, but one of the areas that we are particularly leaning into, is the – which is about half of the $200 billion games business, is the free to play space. And the player first deal was really about strengthening our capabilities in that space, because we do think we are subscale and we have more opportunities to grow in that space, which is a big part of the market. And when we do, that it will help also provide some more balance to our games business from the inevitable cyclicality of more console based releases, which have a three to four year time horizon and a little bit more lumpiness, even when you do get it right. And so we continue to be strong believers in the game space. We want to continue to see and figure out how we lean into it and get bigger in that space, and we'll certainly tell you more about it as time goes on.
JB Perrette: Yeah, I mean look, we talked about our growth leverage. Obviously international growth and roll outs in more markets is by far the biggest, so that’s number one. Number two is, we have obviously a content slate, which as we’ve talked about on prior calls. The first nine to 12 months post the U.S. launch between just timing of somewhat, both series being out of cycle. The strikes obviously didn’t help. We unfortunately had one of our weakest content slates. We now go into a period, where thanks to all the great work from Casey and his team, the improved Pay 1 slate that David and Gunnar have just talked about, and more Max originals, as well as the great content from the U.S. net side, that we have probably one of the strongest content lineups with all of our tent poles coming back, starting with House of the Dragon obviously this quarter, but over the next 18 months or so. And so we feel great about the content slate, which is clearly a massive driver of our success. Our ARPU story is a third one where you've seen us obviously raise price in the U.S. We're raising price outside the U.S. We're also changing rev shares outside the U.S., which historically in some of the wholesale agreements on the HBO side. We feel we're underpriced, so we're driving that. We're rolling out an Ad Light product in many more markets, previously Ad Light on HBO. The old HBO Max was only in the U.S. We've now rolled it out in 39 markets across LATAM, a handful of markets across Europe. We're looking to roll it out in more markets. So advertising will become a bigger and bigger play for us. The product experience is one that we've talked a lot about, but the reality is we said a year ago when we rolled out Max in the U.S., the product went from not great to good, but it's not – still got a ways to get to world class, and we're working every day to improve features, to improve the personalization in the product, the recommendation in the product and that takes time. It's a game of inches that we're continuously driving. Another lever as David talked about earlier, is just the distribution agreements. We are partnering with more and more partners who can get us to market and in front of more customers and on more devices faster, to accelerate our rollout and do it in a more efficient and effective way. And then last but not least, we are rolling out obviously our password sharing crackdown, which we've said before, will start towards the end of this year and bleed into 2025 and so that'll be another revenue driver. And so we look at the building blocks, not as sort of a what if, could it be a business model exercise, but we see real fundamentals and momentum in our business case for D2C that make us very confident about the profitability in the second half of this year, and also the billion plus going into 2025 and beyond.
JB Perrette: Yes, exactly. The best way to think about the scaling, and we talked about the 18 to 24 month timeframe, but the reality is by first half of ‘26, the vast majority of our rollout will be underway and will have taken place. And David mentioned, we talk about addressable market and the fact that our two bigger peers are in, if you measure theirs, it's 100% of those addressable markets. We're in just over 50% of them today and we're at over 100 million subs. So, you have to do your own thinking of what our penetration and opportunity could be, but we're about half of the addressable market today at 100 million, 103 million subs. We think the opportunity to David's point, and some of those markets are big markets where we know our content and our audiences. We know the size of them is significant. And so, we think in the next 18 to 24 months, the opportunity is certainly easily in the tens and tens of millions of subscribers on top of where we are today.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Okay Robert, this is Gunnar. Little more color on the Goodwill impairment. And to get straight to the point here, there is no one factor that is driving this impairment. So the way this works is obviously with the amount of goodwill that we have, there's a systematic process that we go through every quarter and we're monitoring for so-called triggering events. And this is clearly where a sports right discussion like the one with the NBA comes into play as a triggering event, which then compels us to re-evaluate our business case in a strategic planning process with the latest assumptions, the best view of where the industry is and how we play in that field. And that's what then leads to evaluation, which in the second quarter happened to be $9.1 billion below what was on the books for the network segment. So it's really a full re-evaluation, not a response to one individual factor. I do think that the outcome is, from my perspective, consistent with where the market is, where not only the linear television market, but also what, frankly, the investment community reflects in our current share price. And I do want to go back to what I said a minute ago. There is a very significant other side of the coin here, right. David mentioned the distribution deals that we're engaging in on a global basis. We're increasingly talking about both sides of our business. This is really a distribution ecosystem in transition, not a content ecosystem in transition. And we're using our content increasingly and increasingly more successfully in the streaming space and less so on the linear side. The ad sales, the outcomes up front here in the U.S. are another example as I mentioned earlier. So I just want to stress that point as well. There is a transition in the industry. There is a transformation of the company. We are actively driving that to some extent. And the goodwill impairment at the end of the day is the accounting reflection of that state of the industry and our strategy.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yeah, I mean, look Ben, on the last point, I mean, we have said in the past that the NBA is a profitable right, and we've been very clear about that. Again, as David said earlier, this is not the time to go into any level of detail. But obviously, you should assume that whatever we just refresh in our analysis appropriately reflects the scenarios that we're seeing. So that's all I want to say about that. And then on the strategic options, and I'll hand it back to David in a second. But just to make one thing clear. First of all, don't expect a specific answer on any individual speculation or rumors out there. But second, look, we're a public company. This is a public company management team, and we're very well aware of our responsibility to have a view on whatever strategic options are out there and the same applies to the board. We are very clearly focused on evaluating everything beyond just running the operational business. So we've said before, you shouldn't be surprised to see us engaging in whatever M&A processes are going on out there. You shouldn't be surprised to see us engaging in partnership discussions. David has been talking about this for quite some time, and where it makes sense, you have seen us engage in those things. Regarding our own portfolio, of course, we are constantly updating our views on the value of the assets in our portfolio, and whether or not we believe that they are properly reflected in the valuation of the company. This is all…
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Sure. So again, as you said, I'm not in a position to provide detailed guidance. But if we go through the segments a little bit here, again, we're expecting a very significant step forward on the D2C side. On the studio side, as I mentioned, we have two big films in the pipeline. Also, generally speaking, if you compare the release schedules this year versus last year, I would say a little more beneficial with only one film in December, whereas last year we took a lot of marketing expenses and didn't get a lot of the benefit of some of the late releases in December. So that's definitely a factor. But I also, as you said, want to point out that each one of those are hit-driven and create some volatility as well. Elsewhere in the studio, certainly in the TV production business, things should get a lot better. We're now coming into the part of the year that was deeply impacted by the strike last year, so that should be a helper. On the network side…
Gunnar Wiedenfels: On the network side, again, as I said, we're not seeing a lot of change in the linear ad market environment in the U.S. It's differentiated. I called out earlier that Europe is actually looking almost surprisingly strong in some of the markets. That's definitely a positive outlier. But to your point, visibility is not high in that market. And I don't want to make any predictions beyond the point that in the U.S., Q3 is typically also a little bit of a weaker quarter for us, given the timing of our sports schedule. And remember, we have the Olympics in Europe, which is a smaller ad market relative to those rights, whereas in the U.S., if anything, we're taking a little bit of a hit from that event being ongoing. And so those are the building blocks that I'm happy to provide, and I hope that's helpful Vijay.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Jessica, on your first question, look, there is no doubt to us as a management team that the answer to that question is yes. We believe there's tremendous upside opportunity, both in the D2C business and in the studio business. And it is enough to offset what's happening on the linear side. Again, as I said, we just went through another strategic discussion, strategic planning process with our board, and we have a strong plan that supports this. I'm not in a position to perfectly predict when this is going to happen. Am I disappointed about the impairment? Yes. Am I disappointed that the trends in the linear business haven't been a little better? You know, there's been talk about recovery a year, year and a half ago. It hasn't really happened. It is what it is. We're managing this as best we can. The key point here is, that on the D2C side, we're finally after two years of heavy investment, hard work, at the point where we're ready to accelerate. And as you heard from us, we believe we are going to see an acceleration on the top line and we have significant opportunity across every driver of the business and we've been very clear. We've talked for a while about the $1 billion mark and EBITDA for 2025. That is a starting point, not an ending point. So we have a lot of confidence in that. And on the studio side as well, I can share a little bit more. The level of effort and rigor that is going into virtually every step along the value chain in the studio, from Greenlight through the physical production, the windowing approach, the coordination between the various teams, it's a night and day difference. It takes a little while to become effective. 2025 is really going to be the year when the first films, Greenlit by Mike and Pam are going to dominate the slate. JB has talked about the long development cycles on the game side, etc. So there's no question about it. The studio can operate at a very, very significantly higher level of performance.
David Zaslav: One of the strategic advantages of owning all of our IP is, as the world has changed, it used to be you launch a movie or you launch a TV series and then you do a game. But one of the reasons that Hogwarts Legacy was so successful and the number one game last year is that you went to Hogwarts Legacy and you entered the game and you were able to become part of that world. And that ultimately, I think, is a big piece of where this industry is going. It will create a movie, whether it's Batman or Superman or Harry Potter, and then maybe there'll be a TV show. But the ability to go into that world and have that experience of spending time with all the characters is something that we still own. We have 11 studios here and we have a lot of IP, and there's also a lot of interest among others in coming to take advantage of some of that IP for gaming, which we're looking at. Because as JB said, we need to get bigger, and the IP that we own and the value that it has in the gaming space, is something we're looking to take advantage of.
David Zaslav: Thanks Michael. I'm not going to speak to any specific negotiation or specific piece of content or IP, but this is what we do for a living. We're in 200 countries. Aside from the excitement and drive that we have around Max and our studio business of being the biggest maker of TV content and our library business, is that we have free-to-air and cable channels all over the world and those channels are B2B businesses. They require carriage agreements. And we've been in that business for 40 years. We've been very effective in that business. And it's our job, whether it's a food channel or an entertainment channel or a sports channel, to make sure that we have a very robust offering of content that nourishes and excites an audience. So that, one, they want to spend a lot of time with us, so that we can monetize it with advertising. But two, that distributors get significant value by carrying that, and therefore pay us significant value. And we've been able to get meaningful increases for our content, and we've worked very hard here in the U.S. and around the world, whether it be sports channels or other channels, to make sure that our offering is robust and meaningful. And as you look at our different sports services around the world, you'll see that we may be the leader or we are one of the leaders of sports globally.
David Zaslav: I would just add that the market conditions within the traditional business are tough and they are challenging. But from our perspective, two years ago, we saw that the business was being generationally disrupted. And so we did an awful lot of work to get our balance sheet in good shape. We have a terrific capital structure. Our debt is – we view our debt as an asset. We're generating meaningful free cash flow. We're investing substantially in content. We're a storytelling company. The strength of this company is that we're a global storytelling company with content that works well all around the world, local and entertainment and sports, and so we feel very good about where we are. And we have to, as Gunnar said, look at all and consider all options. But the number one priority is to run this company as effectively as possible. And you will see as our studio begins to grow and if our global direct-to-consumer business scales the way we believe it's going to, then that'll be very apparent to investors, and we expect that that'll create shareholder value.
David Zaslav: On the TV side, which is encouraging, there is quantifiably a lot less investment in the marketplace in purchasing TV content. And we're not really seeing that. I think it represents the fact that we have very high-quality content. Our content is working very well. We have strong IP that's known. And so Channing and the team are seeing – the numbers are looking...
David Zaslav: On the motion picture side, it is a long cycle business. But we have a really good team with Mike and Pam, and it is encouraging that we just have back-to-back movies this summer that are generating real value. We're rooting for that. As we launch Beetlejuice, which there's some early, very positive data that we're getting, the idea that people seem to be going back to the theater for good movies that provide some compelling or unique storytelling. We also have Joker coming up, and we've been really pushing to get Warner Brothers back aggressively into the motion picture business, whether it be DC and Warner. So we're encouraged by that, and we're encouraged by our slate ahead. We're still working our way through the slate that we inherited, and we're much more optimistic about what we have ahead.
David Zaslav: I'm not – we can't really, you know we're in a litigation. And at this point, we've handed it off to our lawyers. We have confidence in our position. The judge will decide whether our matching right, which is 11 pages long, represents a mat – and whether our, what we offered matched or not and we'll see. We're getting back to work and the lawyers will handle this and the judge will decide and off we'll go.
David Zaslav: And JB, I think it would be helpful. This is something that you and I are talking about every day, but we have an attack plan meeting every week, all hands on. Talk about – lay out the growth drivers for direct to consumer that gives us now where, what we're seeing and why we have some real substantial confidence in the acceleration of growth and the acceleration of profit in our direct-to-consumer global business.
David Zaslav: And look, that's 50% that we're going to be attacking, we just launched in Europe and Latin America. We launched last quarter and in Europe, we launched in the middle of last quarter. So, we're a couple of weeks in. So we haven't had the yield, which you're going to start to see from those markets over the next several months and you'll see it this coming quarter.
