David M. Zaslav: Okay, great. Thank you, Doug. Okay. First we're off to a very good start where we're attacking digital in, I think, a very sensible way. We've hired a new team which is headed up by Paul Gallardo, and we have an attack team going hard at TV Everywhere and we're starting to reap some real results. We're working very closely with Neil Smith and X1, which is a great platform, and we're finding our viewership there is increasing. And it's really paying off for us and we've always said TV Everywhere is a great platform where we can monetize and we are. I think we are the only company in the U.S. that has created our own aggregated app with D-go, which has all of our channels on it, and we've now been authenticated with commercials through a number of distributors. It's early days. Time Warner is just launching it as well. But the results early have been quite good. The demo is very young. The engagement is substantial. And we have a team that's really working on that and people are getting closer to our brands, and we're talking to our customers. So I think a really very positive turn in terms of TV Everywhere and our own authenticated app. Outside of the U.S., it's really two things. Our Eurosport app is growing quite effectively. We won't reach a million subs in 2016, but we do have a march to a million and we're hoping to reach a million by 2017. And a million at $8 a month would be an incremental $100 million. We have a lot more IP for Eurosport that we've been able to aggregate at very reasonable price increases. Eurosport will stay profitable and this could be meaningfully incremental. When you think about Europe being 700 million people, the ability to drive a direct-to-consumer business here could be quite substantial. And if we can get to a million, I think culturally, it could be a tipping point for us. If we can get to a million, why can't we get to three? And we have the IP. And finally, there's DPlay, which we have in northern Europe and we're rolling out throughout Europe. And we've been doing that on our own and we've been doing quite well, but we're learning more and more and it is my own belief that there will be some more consolidation in a positive way, that there's nothing stopping major distributors in northern Europe where we have 30% or 45% of market share to work with other major programmers. I think that will probably happen around the world over the next four or five years, rather than having a number of individual apps to come together, and we're having some of those discussions and I think to the extent that we do come together with others, that we'll even be more powerful. But when you look at the full portfolio of what we're doing direct-to-consumer and TV everywhere, I think we're doing more and we're doing it at lower cost than anyone because we own all of our content. And finally, we're not leaving the youngest demo out with our streaming business. We're not making money on that business today, but we're not losing money. But we have 350 million streams. And so, when you think about that 350 million streams and you think about Vice and you think about BuzzFeed, that 350 a month is growing. It's a millennial audience. They are spending time with us. And candidly, we haven't done a great job monetizing those streams, and the CPMs on them are quite good and now we have a whole team that is attacking the ability to engage with millennials and make money on those streams. So I think we're in a very good spot, and over 2016 and 2017 I think you'll see some meaningful results. And we'll keep you posted.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Anthony. Look, I think in 2015 there was all this noise around skinny bundles, and I've said before that the majority of programmers have contracts at least for the next several years that maybe there could be a little bit of that, but that the ability to really start changing the way you offer services, it's going to be another cycle which will be several years. Having said that, we're very well positioned for that skinny bundle in two ways. One, we have 14 channels that represent 11% or 12% of the viewership, but we are only reaping about 6% of the cost. So we are relatively inexpensive. So when Eddie was looking for channels, and we have the number one channel for men with Discovery and the number one channel for women with ID, and we have all of these Affinity networks, top network with TLC and Science and you could pick up 14 channels for less than the cost of one regional sports network. So, one, it's a very efficient piece. Two is, if we needed to go to our top eight, we make 86% of our revenue and more than 90% of our EBITDA from our top eight networks. And so if it ever did happen here in the U.S., we would be well positioned. I don't believe it's going to, and sitting down with the distributors themselves, with all the talk of the skinny bundle and as appealing as it seems, most consumers seem to want the big bundle. And I think probably the most encouraging thing is that cable seems to be – their numbers have really turned around. As Andy said, we haven't really – we've seen it but we haven't seen the full effect of it because there's a few month gap between when they announce and when we actually get paid, but it's very encouraging that there seems to be a change in the universe dynamics. It's also, as you look at the U.S., I think our U.S. business now looks like a meaningful growth business. We have advertising market much stronger than we expected. Our viewership is growing and the universe decline and the skinny bundle noise seems to have dissipated to kind of a reality, which is not too much on skinny bundle and universe may be turning around. So, I think quite encouraging for the next couple of years. I'd like over the top to happen in a meaningful way because I think ultimately we have really good services. Our channels are on brand and they're reasonable and we'll be one of the big recipients of that, but I think it's going to be a while.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Ben. So, with Telenor and with Telia, we were able to get meaningful step-ups and increases. Remember that Europe and Latin America are a little bit different than the U.S. in that historically, Latin America has been mostly no price increases. Your increases came from sub growth. And Europe was working like that until two years ago. And so, we started to drive that idea in the last two years and we've been getting increases. But in the last 12 months we've taken the position that we need much more substantial increases. And putting kids together with our channels in Latin America and sports together with our suite and free-to-air and IP and all of our content together in Europe has helped us get bigger increases. But in order to get it, we really need to stand up for the value of our content. So we had to pull our signals twice. So, I think there's two buckets. One is you're going to see us fighting for significant incremental affiliate revenue, and between the Olympics and Eurosport and the strength of Discovery and the strength of our female portfolio around the world, we think that we can get that, and you'll start to see our affiliate line growing in a meaningful way over its long cycle over the next year, two years, three years, just like we did here in the U.S. And we have some optimism that maybe we could even do meaningfully better than that because our IP we think, is quite good, but we're going to have to fight for it. I think the reverberation of pulling those signals in Northern Europe has been valuable, and the deals that we've done recently have been very, very favorable. That's one. Two, you bring up a point that is a new phenomenon, but it's all incremental to us. The idea that distributors in Europe are starting to compete more aggressively is a real helper to us. And what they're starting to do, which we didn't anticipate, is that whether you're a satellite, cable or phone player, for the first time over the last 12 months, they have felt that owning the pipe directly to the handset or to the home is not enough. They need to de-commoditize that pipe by owning unique exclusive content. And so, this is really a new idea here. So we sell our 10 channels and then we get a distributor coming to us saying, do you have other great IP you could sell just to us that we could promote that we have just this content in the market? So we have been able to do – we've done four of those deals in the last six months. None of those were in our plan four months ago, five months ago. It's all incremental to us. Our channel is in language. And I think that, if it continues, if you have the BTs fighting with the SKYs in each market, if you have this competitive dynamic, and we can raise our hand and say we have kids' IP, we have sports IP, we have excess drama and non-fiction IP, and that could be a whole incremental vein of revenue for us; and we're starting to see it. If it continues, we'll be able to break it out for you in the years to come, but it's very positive. And so what we see internationally is double-digit growth, even though it's basically been flat-lining for the last couple of years and that will continue; advertising remains strong. We have this new vein of opportunity with these distributors wanting exclusive content, and the Olympics is going to help us with that. And so I think quite favorable. The big negative is currency. Our international business is really – it's doing extremely well. The big issue is currency.
David M. Zaslav: Okay. Thanks so much. OWN is doing very, very well. It's a top 20 network for women. It's the number one network for African-American women. On Tuesday nights, we're the number one network for all women in cable. And the channel is on-brand with some great content from Oprah. So we have a happy audience that we're nourishing that are spending a lot of time with u;, and Oprah is very engaged. We grew our audience double-digit. We have a very strong leadership team there with Erik and Sheri Salata working very closely with Oprah. She worked with them for many years at Harpo. And so, I feel like we're on a very strong trajectory. In terms of affiliate fees, more than 80% of the affiliate fees are locked with meaningful increases, and the channel is in almost 90 million homes. And so we took a channel that was in 75 million homes and had no sub fees four years ago. It's in almost 90 million homes. It's making a lot of money. It's a top network. And Oprah has created a great success. The channel is owned 50/50. As we disclosed when we did the deal, Oprah has some stage puts that she can elect to take or not. The first election opportunity is this year, and they're staged throughout the next 6 years or 7 years. And we love the channel. If over time, the channel ends up – we have an opportunity to own more of the channel, that's only a good thing for us. We're very confident in it. We think it has a great niche and some very strong IP. And over time, as our interest grows, if we have an opportunity to consolidate it, that would be very favorable for us. But in the meantime, it's a 50/50 venture with Oprah having rights to put interest to us over time beginning this year, and she is very happy with the venture. We're very happy with the venture. And it's quite a success story.
David M. Zaslav: Yeah. Look, for international, we've acquired all this content with the assumption that we were going to use it on our linear channels, that we were going to use it on TV Everywhere, on VOD, direct-to-consumer. We have this huge library of content in kids and sports and in non-fiction and drama that we own. And so, the deals that we've done is almost all incremental because we haven't bought any content to provide these exclusive packages. And so, whether they come in the form of launching an additional two or three channels in a market in language or whether it comes in providing exclusive content, it's content that we already own. And so, it's all incremental. I think it's less likely to happen here, and we will see how things develop. Right now, TV Everywhere is our number one priority giving our content to the distributors. We – here we are in the U.S., we're having high-single digit affiliate growth. The universe is starting to hold its own, and our viewership is growing. We have a very healthy U.S. business. And so, I think a part of that is going back to our distributors and working with them on TV Everywhere, working with them on VOD, working with them on authenticated apps, which benefits both of us. And so, I think that we've started to tilt. We got a long way to go. But we started to tilt in a very positive direction with TV Everywhere, which is a very attractive instrument versus kind of the blunt force instrument of a – of some of the SVOD platforms that have no advertising, no branding and are kind of operating outside the existing infrastructure.
David M. Zaslav: Hey, John. I just wanted to hit one point on the Olympics. When we did the Olympics, we said that the Olympics would be profitable. We completed our first deal with the BBC, which was very favorable. It's a – we created a kind of a partnership. We didn't – we have the Olympics all across Europe from 2018 through 2024 except for in France and the U.K., where the IOC had already done deals in 2018 and 2020. As part of our BBC deal, we got back the rights to the Olympics in the U.K. in 2018 and 2020, where they'll have one free-to-air channel and one red button digital channel. But we'll be the only place to get all of the Olympics in the U.K. for the next decade. We were able to get pricing that was significantly more favorable than is in our plan, and it also allows us now to do a pan-European fee to the Olympics from an advertising perspective also because we can reach almost all 700 million people. So, I would say that, from something that we felt in terms of modeling, that would be profitable. Given the conversations that we're having across Europe, owning the Olympic IP, we feel confident that it will be meaningfully profitable over the decade, but also that it will be a big helper to us as we build our mobile strategy, as we build our direct-to-consumer strategy and as we look to drive affiliate revenue because all distributors now that we were doing short-term deals with, they wanted to go – they want to go longer term to include the Olympics.
Andrew C. Warren: And, Doug, to get back to your question on U.S. affiliate. Back on Investor Day for the three-year period, we kind of assumed that conservatively, that the sub decline would be about 2.5% a year. And if you look at in 2015, we were down 1% the overall portfolio to look at what the affiliates have reported. In the last reports clearly the trends are better. So, look, I think we were arguably conservative back in September and the recent trends are better than that. And regarding your question on consolidation, as far as the deals with Charter and Time Warner and Cablevision, the impacts there should be de minimis, given rate structures. And regarding DirecTV and AT&T, they are both paying at their rates that they always have in the past. And when that deal comes up, we'll have a sense of kind of how that will play out. But right now, the rate structure seems to be very much in line with what we've had in the past.
Andrew C. Warren: And, Anthony, to address your U.S. affiliate questions, without giving specific numbers, SVOD in 2015 and 2016, the less than 1% of total U.S. affiliate, so certainly is not a growth driver in 2016 versus 2015. Also, to clarify, Sony actually is non-SVOD. It's in the overall kind of – yes, it's in the U.S. affiliate. But we don't really categorize that as SVOD. And then your other question about high-single digit, what we said in the past was that the pricing clearly is creating higher, and we've seen that now for a couple of years going and we'll see it again in 2016. What we said was that it would be high single digit predicated upon kind of a stable universe, and so we had some expectations of what that universe decline would look like. So, we are not giving any specific on 2016 affiliate guidance, even though very clearly the deals we've done and the deals that we anticipate doing will increase price and continue to drive growth there.
Andrew C. Warren: Well, look, we're not going to talk, Anthony, specifically about any deals that we have coming up. We have expectations of what those deals would look like. At this point we have a lot of confidence in those outcomes, given the deals that we've done in the last several years. Again, about 80% of our U.S. subs have been renewed in the last several years. So, yes, we have an expectation, we're not going to say specifically what they are or how much it is. But again, the confidence is the deals that we've done over the last three years.
Andrew C. Warren: And to address your OpEx question, I appreciate there's a lot of moving parts here with some write-offs and one-time items in the fourth quarter. So let me just provide some clarity and perspective. For 2015, kind of apples-to-apples constant currency, SG&A total company was up low-single digits, with content costs up low double, as we invested in Rich Ross and Discovery, and sports, et cetera. As I look into 2016, we see constant currency OpEx, SG&A up again only low-single digits with the cost of revenue being up high-single. So total costs up, call it, mid-single, for 2016. Just to again to clarify the foreign exchange impact in 2016, we're saying that for OIBDA, it will be about $115 million to $125 million. And as David said, look, clearly, foreign exchange has been a very challenging element for us given the size of our international portfolio. The good news, I'll say, on FX is if you look at some of the movements in currency last year, some of these markets really can't get any worse. If you look at Venezuela, for example – in Venezuela, we went from a 5-to-1 exchange rate at the beginning of 2015 to a 200-to-1 at the end of 2015. And so in some of these markets, we've kind of taken the full brunt or the hit. We'll see what happens from here. But I think, in terms of OIBDA being about $115 million to $125 million. And then, lastly, on Comcast, yes, the Comcast deal is effective January. And so that new deal will be in our first quarter reported results.
Andrew C. Warren: And just to put some financial metrics behind that. Look, again, the results for us continue to get better. As I think everyone knows, all the free cash flow comes to us in the form of a loan repayment. That amount in 2015 was $85 million, $20 million more than it was in 2014. The loan has gone from over $500 million two years ago to $380 million. We expect that loan to get fully repaid over the next several years. And so, look, the financial trends are very good for us. As David said, we don't consolidate today. So, while we talk about our free cash flow growth and how we're accreting that important line, the cash flow growth out of OWN is not included in that. But yet, it certainly is part of our treasury and part of our overall capital availability. So, the trends are very good financially for us as well.
Andrew C. Warren: And, Alexia, just a couple of ad sales comments. Look, if you told me a year ago that we'd be having the ad sales performance today with fourth quarter up 5%, the third quarter strong, some very good mid-single digit growth, as we've said, going into the first quarter, I would have been thrilled. I mean, we're clearly – the scatter markets today are – volume is strong, pricing is strong, far better than we had expected and clearly better than we thought back at our Investor Day. With regard to the ad load, look, today, we already have an ad load that's less than the industry average. Yes, we have pulled back ad loads in some of our networks, which I think is one reason why our delivery continues to outpace the industry. And so, all of our guidance that we've given and some of the first quarter numbers that we've had reflect the fact that in some of our networks we have pulled back inventory.
Andrew C. Warren: Just to add a couple of more comments there, John, with regard to our Olympic rights that we have – because David said it will be cash flow positive over the 10-year window, it'll have a de minimis impact on our 2016, 2017 results. And the early activity that the team is delivering on is clearly better than what our expectations were when we did the deal. With regard to the U.S. Olympics, which may be a part of your question, yes, we do expect it to have an impact certainly on our total ad sales in the third quarter, as obviously that's a large amount of ad sales to fill. And with regard to kind of the move to digital, look, clearly, what we're still seeing is the trend out of print, out of radio, out of outdoor into TV and into digital. And so, when we think about the TV ad sales clearly doing better than people thought 6 months to 12 months ago, I think it does come down still to reach. I mean, if you look at Racing Extinction, for example, it reached 31 million viewers. That kind of reach is invaluable and very hard to achieve on digital. So, those kind of shows and assets for us clearly drive a lot of ad sales, volume and pricing. So, I think we're still seeing some of the more secular trends into TV and digital with the Olympic impact being really isolated for us only in the third quarter.
