Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery, Inc.: Sure, Drew. Good morning. So, let me start with one general comment on how we look at those numbers now. You've seen that we focused the commentary on the pro forma numbers, because that's how we manage the company and our sort of standalone legacy Discovery or Scripps numbers will become less and less – meaningless. But to address your question, clearly you're right with the observation. So, we've seen flat distribution revenue in the second quarter. And we have pointed out that part of that was driven by SVOD seasonality in the prior year, so there was a bit of an impact and if it hadn't been for that SVOD comp, we would have seen distribution revenues up. Also, I mean, while we're at the topic, let's talk about some of the other revenue components on the U.S. side for the Discovery standalone portfolio. You've also seen flat advertising revenues. We've talked about previously that the ratings trends going into the second quarter wasn't great, but I'm also very happy with the dynamic that we have seen developing through the second quarter and into the third quarter now. The Food Network has come around very nicely. We're also seeing the Discovery Channel up in June and we're continuing to see a trend in July, which has led us to the more positive outlook for the third quarter, and then the additional tailwind that I've mentioned earlier for the fourth quarter. Also, I want to...
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery, Inc.: Yeah, no. So, I mean, just – while we're at it, you also see that the profitability on the U.S. side for the Discovery standalone has been slightly lackluster. Again, this is a deliberate decision that we made to drive our investments in marketing expenses in the second quarter, partly driven by seasonality because we had a larger number of premiers that's we wanted to push. But also, as David pointed out in his speech, we are seeing a lot of traction in our ability to promote content across the larger portfolio. So, we've made those deliberate investments here and I think we can be happy with the result that we're seeing, and the rating trends give us a lot of confidence. And then, I want to point out one last point on this, on the profitability of the business. As I said in my speech, there are different sort of overlaying trends here. We've got a business as usual cost development. We have continued to make investments in our next-generation platforms. Again, that was $50 million across the entire group. And we have been offsetting that by the early impact of our transformation exercises. So, if you want to take a step back, look at the full company results, then the way I look at it is we've generated $75 million in revenue growth on a pro forma basis and we've dropped $62 million of that to the bottom line. So, that's clearly the early impact of our transformation, and there are puts and takes across the portfolio, but that's sort of the high-level view that I would take.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery, Inc.: And, Drew, let me come back to your first question. I want to make sure that we very clearly lay out what the affiliate cadence is going to look like for this year. Because, I mean, as we said going into the year, 2018 has less of a rate increase impact than prior years, and we do see some seasonality on the SVOD side. So, while SVOD does explain part of the slower growth in the second quarter, it will also continue to have an impact in the second half of the year, specifically on the third quarter numbers. That's why we're guiding around flat. And then, the fourth quarter number has a very tough legacy SNI comp, so that's going to be in that range as well. But as I said, we are now much clearer on the view on 2019, and if we look at the contractual rate increases that we have locked in already, our renewal cycle, and then, as David said earlier, much more confidence on the virtual MVPD side. As I said, we do see a significant step-up in 2019. So, around flat in Q3 around flat in Q4, and then a step-up for next year.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery, Inc.: Yeah. Michael, so, if we look at the drivers on a piece-by-piece basis, the – clearly the subscriber trend is one of the most uncertain variables, and we're pretty much assuming a continuation of the trends that we're seeing in the marketplace today. Clearly if, as David alluded to, we manage to secure additional distribution on further MVPDs, that would have an impact on subscriber numbers. But sort of the general trend, we're not assuming a major change of those. In terms of existing terms, yes, it's correct, we obviously have a large number of contracts in place and we have contractual rate changes. And as we have said before, 2018 was a bit of a special year because the share of our subscriber base that was affected by rate increases was a very small share only for 2018. We have price increases kicking in for a larger part of the base.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery, Inc.: Okay. So, yeah. So, look, I mean, as I said, we're reiterating the guidance for this year. We're looking at slightly higher restructuring expenses, of that $300 million to $400 million, $250 million have actually already come through in the first and second quarter, so there's between $50 million and $150 million left for the remainder of the year. And then, based on the fact that some of the restructuring expenses are non-cash, you might have seen there's some content impairment in territories where we're leaning into the Scripps content more heavily. That, obviously, will stay non-cash so there shouldn't be a very large number of restructuring expenses coming through in 2019. And, I mean, as we've said before, if we look at the combination of our baseline growth, our transformation and synergy opportunities, I think some opportunities in working capital, we continue to have a clear visibility for that $3 billion free cash flow number that David and I have been talking about. Again, I want to make clear, this is not a 2019 guidance. We'll guide you for 2019 as we close this year. But there's a clear visibility ahead of us for that number.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery, Inc.: No, I'm absolutely not signaling a reduction in our OIBDA guidance. We've said before that we're looking at a mid-single-digit increase over the $4.055 billion pro forma number for last year and that continues to be the guidance. Keep in mind, this is only a couple of months' impact from the deconsolidation of the Eurosport Player in Germany. It's not a hugely material number.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery, Inc.: Yes. Jessica, let me start on that Germany question. So, I mean, as you know, I've been in that market for most of my career. And, as I said in my script, we have been thinking about this for many, many years. And some early efforts have been stopped by, quite frankly, antitrust considerations because back at that time the, let's say, the strength of the digital and Internet players wasn't seen as much yet. So, the entire marketplace, from my perspective, agrees that this is a huge revenue opportunity because everyone, every TV player in the marketplace, has been building their own offerings on an OTT basis. Yet, by coming together for the first time, we're going to be able to create sort of a single destination like your TV set in a linear traditional world for the online space. And we have been very clear in our press release that we're inviting other players in the market to join this platform. Not only is there an efficiency point, of course, because we're stopping to make all those investments on an individual basis, but we're joining forces. But it's – I think it's a very, very attractive product from a consumer standpoint. And to your question on the revenue model, we're going to be offering a lot of different opportunities for consumers to enjoy our content. The basic layer is an ad-funded catch-up OTT product. Then, on top of that, you'll be able to get an HD live stream for a subscription. We will – you will be able to add onto that the maxdome SVOD product which has a lot of the top Hollywood output, a lot of the stuff even with pre-premieres before it becomes available on the linear side. And then, of course, you can bundle in the Eurosport Player. And we're working on sort of structuring these offerings. But I think it's going to be a very compelling menu of options for people in the marketplace. So, again, it's early days, but we're very happy about this opportunity and we're going full steam ahead. On the – on your clarification question for the U.S. upfronts here. Clearly, we have been successful from a pricing perspective. As David said, one of the most important priorities for us was to get adequate pricing for I. And on average, across the upfront deals, we were able to get ID pricing up 25%, which I think is a great result. We're happy with that outcome. It's going to help our fourth quarter and 2019 revenue growth. And also beyond ID, on average, we've been in the high-single, low-double digit range for most of the networks.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery, Inc.: And, Todd, I mean, on Asia, I mean, you actually asked two questions, right? One is the size. It's very small. It's a single-digit percentage of our total revenue. It's even smaller from a profit perspective. And, I mean, to your question what's going on, I think this is something that not only we are dealing with. I think as the markets mature, there are many territories in Southeast Asia where there's a – an increasing appetite for local content. So, for years, it's been a great business to exploit the International English-speaking content there was a great business model. Consumers are turning more towards local content, and quite frankly, we're seeing that in our recent renewals. But again, I mean, as we've said before, if you take a look at what we did in Q4 last year and Q1 of this year, we're also seeing another effect, and that is increasing appetite for our content in the mobile and digital space. Q1 and Q4 were heavily impacted by a deal we did in China which was driving additional revenues into the group. So, let's see how this evolves. But again, from a strategic perspective, more of a pivot toward digital, and then probably less on the linear side. It's not huge, and I mean, we will see how bundling our activities with the digital space, with our PGA Tour deal, with new content on the local side will play out.
David M. Zaslav: Sure. Thanks, Drew. Well, we're pleased to have Peter Faricy join us. He built the Amazon Marketplace platform. He built the tech stack and he's a digital native that really focuses on what does the consumer want. And we've been at this for a while on the direct-to-consumer side and we're excited about having him join us. One of the things that we've decided is, as a company, and you see it because it flows through everything we do, is that we want to own all of our IP on all platforms. Part of what happened with legacy Discovery is we're not syndicating our content like we used to. We're not selling it in ways that we used to because we want to hold on to as much as we can because we think we have something really special and something that's quite unusual. And we're feeling better and better about that. We have quality brands. We own the content. It's global. Here in the U.S., our share is growing, and the viewership on our channels is growing and our ability to promote across our channels and, at the same time, our GO platforms are growing. On the DTC, we have full optionality. The first thing that I've been saying for years is the U.S. is different than every other market. And it's just been driven by the aggressive push of retransmission consent networks and sports and kind of bullied the marketplace into carrying that onto every platform at very high rates. And the consequence of that was a decline in subscribers because people didn't want to spend that much. The good news is that I think consumers are saying, enough, that there's a lot of quality content out there. We see it with our GO platform with droves of 18 to 25-year-olds watching our channels. And Randall, I think, courageously said, I'm launching a real skinny bundle. And between DIRECTV GO and AT&T Watch, it's very encouraging. We don't have all the data yet, but we're A to B, 30 channels there and we've seen in other markets, when we can get that kind of share, that we end up with a massive increase in the viewership that we get on those platforms and it drives much younger people coming on. And so, the distributors doing skinny bundles, I think, is a big step forward. I think you're going to see a lot more of it. I think you'll see us participate in it. One of the things that we're feeling a lot more confident now as our channels – we have three, the three top channels for women; Discovery getting stronger. Our overall portfolio, the second largest in America in terms of total viewership, that – and the quality of what we have that we will be on many more of these platforms. We're confident that's going to happen. And so, now, we look and we go what do we do with this great IP? What do we do with these great brands? And unlike any other media company, we have full optionality. We like the skinny bundles. We're focused on getting on every one of them, and I think you'll see in the near-term that we're pretty confident we're making progress on that. And then, we have the ability to do it ourselves or do it with others. And so, we're having discussions. We're looking at it. But right now, I think things are moving in a very positive direction for us and, at the very essence of that is, let's make sure we have great content that people really want. And right now we feel like we have the best differentiated basket of content, and we look a lot different than everyone else and in every skinny bundle, if we're on it, I think we could be very dominant.
David M. Zaslav: What gives us confidence is that when you look at how people are watching television, when they could watch anything, there's more people in America that are loving our content, watching it, having most of our channels be the number one channel they want to watch. I mean, three of the top five channels they watch every – they wanted at over-the-top service. And so, let me just leave it that. I'll just say that I think we feel quite confident that we'll make some real progress soon and that we've earned it.
David M. Zaslav: Right. First, we have great partners with all – with our existing distributors that have seen the light. They've been talking to their consumers and their consumers want an affordable product. AT&T in particular, they're going to be offering their product for free, high-end, heavy-use users, which we think is going to start a significant change in the way the industry is conjugated. And this whole heavy retrans in sports and regional sports package on top is going to get pushed to the side and we're going to be a big beneficiary of that. Having said that, we're quite ambitious about what we have, because we think we have something that's very different than everyone else. We look at a lot of the great companies right now: Netflix, Showtime, HBO, Starz, Amazon Prime, there are what – Disney with their acquisition of Rupert's great company. These look like fantastic companies that are in the business of scripted and movies. And as you go on these platforms more and more, you're seeing the same movies, and the cost is very high, and they're quite good, and I think many of them are going to be very, very successful. But to a consumer, they're starting to look a lot alike. And if you want something different, you – there's one place to look that has all the quality, all the brands that people love, all the characters and stories and a massive library to nourish and support. And so, we're looking at that and saying we have this differentiated basket that's very compelling and global. And so, we're carefully looking at it. Would we – could we align with somebody? Should we align with some of the existing players? Should we go it ourselves? Should we align with the direct-to-consumer platform? Should we align with a global player? We're having a lot of discussions and we feel very good about the fact that we have something quite different that's very highly in demand and we're seeing our viewership and the love of our stuff growing. So, we're just going to keep our optionality open, and in the meantime, we are going direct-to-consumer already with sports in Europe. We're going to direct-to-consumer in Germany where we launched our Hulu product. We're going direct-to-consumer with cars, with our Motor Trend product, which we're taking global. And the deal that we did with Jay Monahan, the great commissioner of the PGA, is – we think that could be a serious and meaningful business. We're reaching over 5 billion people and we own all of the rights to the PGA Tour outside the U.S. including the Latin America Tour, the Asia Tour, and we have some more stuff that we're looking at that will be quite interesting in that space. But we will build a full-on golf ecosystem that we think people will – with a great demographic, that we think could be a leading opportunity for us. We are in the direct-to-consumer business already and we like our hand.
David M. Zaslav: Why don't I just start off before I hand it to Gunnar for details because we're quite serious here about setting the right economic incentives to get the right performance to make sure that we get the right synergy, that we optimize the company for growth, to make sure that we get the free cash flow. Our goal of doubling free cash flow, of having this company look like a free cash flow machine. One of the things in the incentives in particular for Gunnar is, if we do not meet these targets, we're going to move Gunnar into Greg's bedroom in the attic of the Brady Bunch house. And that's not a fun place to be. It didn't have a door, there were beads, if you remember. And Marcia and Cindy and Peter and Bobby and Jan, they were all in the main house, but Greg was up in the attic. And so, that's the final kind of incentive for – to make sure that Gunnar delivers on all these numbers he's going to tell you about right now.
David M. Zaslav: So, I would just say, in all seriousness, it's going very, very well. You could see it in the fact that we've said originally two years to be below 3.5 times levered and we'll be at 4 times or below this year. So, you do the math. But we're looking forward to, and driving very hard, to be below 3.5 times leverage soon and emerge with this great global IP company together with a free cash flow machine and sit down with our board and look at what do we do with that free cash flow.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Alexia. Look, we like our current position. We're actually looking hard at our Eurosport position. We're the leader in sports. We don't think we necessarily need more, but we have learned over the last couple of years, it's the big events. So, we've extended out all the majors in tennis. We've extended out the cycling. We have the Olympics. And so, I think we've gotten a little bit better at buying. And the majority of the sports that we've bought are in low- to mid-single-digit increases with that strategy of having somebody else spend a lot of money for football. And in many cases, we come in with the only pan-European platform. So, I think for Eurosport, we feel pretty good. We don't think we need a lot more. And the PGA, we will reinforce our golf position. And I think you'll see us getting – with the PGA, we have the, really, the Premier Tour. And we have the PGA library and all their know-how. And together, we're serious about building a full-on global golf ecosystem with markets like China and a number of markets in Asia, we think, having huge opportunity. Other than that, we'll be opportunistic. Once we build a global platform for golf with an ecosystem that works, and that's what Peter is really going to be driven by, and Alex Kaplan, who is the President of that business, great talent. I think that that best practice could be something that a lot of people would want to piggyback on. There are loads of sports that want to reach globally, and we view ourselves as having the opportunity to be the one global company that can reach with sports everywhere in the world. And so, if you're a smaller league, it would be very difficult to build an entire platform. But we have a platform in all of Europe, and we're building a global platform for the PGA, and so we can envision a moment where people would come to us and say can I be on your platform. I don't know if they would pay us to be on, or if they'd come on and we'd do a split, but we think that that could create a real opportunity because it's a differentiated skill set that we have to be in every language in the world, with boots on the ground all over the world, with a direct-to-consumer competency. And, on the upfront, we had a very good upfront. We were able to get meaningful increases across all of our channels. I think that one of the benefits is that if you want to buy live viewing in the U.S., we made very clear we're the second largest company in the U.S., but more importantly, we have great brands that people love with huge length of view. And so, that's a revenue synergy that we hadn't built in the plan, that we're starting to see. Steinlauf was very creative. He built a hits package where we took our top 30 channels, and on average broadcast – 30 shows, and on average broadcast is getting over a $50 CPM. Cable, in general, was getting about a $15 CPM. And so, there's this legacy disadvantage which makes no sense. And so, by putting our hits package together, we're actually delivering, from our perspective, better than the broadcasters. And so, the engagement on our networks is up. And finally, it's very safe. And as you look across the digital environment, when you look across broadcast, people are coming in and they're watching a show. The people that watch HG, Food, Discovery, ID, they're coming and they're spending time with us. And advertisers are finding that not only is the engagement higher, but that the viewing of advertising is higher. So, we feel very good about it. You'll start to see that flow through in the fourth quarter, and we think there's nothing but upside. This idea that we're the second biggest television company in America is something that we're digesting, and the advertising community wants to treat us like we're still a traditional cable company. Well, from a scale perspective, we're bigger than most of the broadcast companies.
David M. Zaslav: I think that we've been clear that we think that we have channels that are very valuable and that we're making progress in our discussions with the – some of the MVPDs that we're not carried on. Our channels are – the integrity of our – of the economics of those channels will be maintained. We have structured it so that if somebody carries our top channels, that we end up with 85% of the money. That's true in the U.S. and around the world where the fees for our more important networks are higher and we've done that over the last several years. And we're not going to be – we're going to be holding on to our true economics because we feel that our channels are – provide significant value.
David M. Zaslav: We think golf is going to be a big helper. We don't think it. We spent a lot of time talking to the existing distributors, doing a real analysis on how golf is presented, what the growth of golf is, how many players there are in each country. And as we go to China, we own all the PGA Tour rights. We have all the PGA Tour rights in Japan, in Korea. So, we think that, having spoken to the distributors and looking at the viewership and the growth, that in some of these markets, the PGA is the NFL. So, we think it could be quite hopeful to us that we have all those rights on all platforms starting – we won't get all of them in – we have them all in the 12-year partnership. Some of them roll in, so might be that one country we don't get until 2020 or the 2021. But we think that will help us, and we're seeing it already in a lot of the discussions that we're having.
David M. Zaslav: Sure. Well, look, I think that the – in terms of the JV, we think it's quite compelling because we have all of this local content. And as a global Company when we look at Poland, when we look at Northern Europe, where we're the equivalent of like NBC and CBS combined, where we have all that IP, it's particularly a significant opportunity for us to go with other broadcasters, align together, put all of that IP together, because it's the IP that people watch. And across all of Europe and Latin America, we have the advantage of having 10 to 12 channels in every country and relationships. So, as I said, I think you'll see more of it. It's a fight back, but it's not just a fight back against Netflix and Amazon Prime and HBO going global. It's a different offering. People want to see the content they love, and they want to see it on all platforms. And so, there's a great place for the subscription-based, scripted and movie platforms, but in a lot of these markets where we have loads of original content in language, we're talking to other players like us where, together, we could be pretty compelling. On the subscriber side, I don't want to get into detail. But as we've said, we can look at what's – these things are lumpy. We could look at what's going on based on deals that we've done already and what the step-ups are. And that we're quite – we can look, and we can see that next year you will see meaningful subscriber increases throughout all of next year which – in contrast to what you'll see for the next two quarters. And that's locked in.
