David Zaslav: Doug, we always are somewhat dependent on the economic environment. But we've seen real meaningful demand around the world on the advertising side, so there's a bit of a disconnect. Our advertising strength this past quarter was really across the board. But if you look fundamentally at our international business, we have a couple of levers. One, we have between 5 and 6 channels in over 200 countries, and most of those markets are still growing substantially. So you saw a 15% sub growth, which is like the U.S. 7 or 8 years ago. And so we expect that we'll continue to see meaningful sub growth over the next several years as Pay TV becomes more mature. It's in its adolescence in a lot of the markets, and in some of the emerging markets, you're seeing really robust growth. On the advertising side, we still only make about 1/3 of our money. Here in the U.S. it's about 50-50, maybe a little bit more on advertising. And internationally, it's about 35%. And that's another indicator that we need to mature more as we take our channels around the world. So we can really have a lot of growth there. And one of the other wins that's helping us is when you see in the U.S. that broadcast dollars about 15 years ago, started to move towards cable. You're starting to see that across the board around the world in some of the markets that are emerging. It's happening slower. But in France and in Russia, most of the money was being spent on broadcast. And in the past 2 years, it's transitioning now to cable, and the CPMs are starting to increase. And so that's a trend that we expect to continue for the next several years and will help us. And finally, our content travels well and we have really been reinforcing the value of our brands and our content around the world. We talked about, several years ago, that we thought we were the best platform media company in the world, and we were on a journey to become a great content company, to complement those platforms. We still have a long way to go but this past year, we've put a stake in the ground with TLC. We said we wanted to take TLC around the world and make it the largest women's network, but also have it have real impact. And it is having impact. In a number of markets, it's the top 10 network in the market. In Italy, where we launched our women's network, called Real Time, we had it on a cable platform at SKY Italia, and we put it on a broadcast platform. And in a market like Italy where there wasn't a lot of growth, we were able to grow our advertising 100% this past quarter. And so its sub growth, which we're positioned to take advantage of because we were there so early. Its ad growth, which is happening generically anyway, but we're growing our market share, and it's taking advantage of our brands and really building up our ratings. So we feel very confident. Mark Hollinger is our best operating leader in the company, and we moved him over about a year ago to run international, and he's built a great team. He's doing a great job, and I do think it's a unique advantage.
David Zaslav: Well, we do have a targeted strategy where we look at the higher growth markets, and we lean in. And Latin America is a good example of that because in Latin America, we have Discovery Kids, which is, in most of the markets, they're the #1 network for -- kid’s network for kids 6 and under. In Brazil, it's the # 1 cable network in all of Brazil, because of co-viewing. So we have Discovery Kids. We also have the equivalent of a Home & Garden down there a channel called Home and Health. We've launched it early. We've invested in it, and it's been very successful for us, as well as Discovery, Animal Planet and TLC. When we look at Latin America, we have the most balanced portfolio there, but we are leaning in. I was in Brazil. I was in Argentina and Chile recently. We have very strong team driving that, and we're very cognizant of the fact that Latin America, India and Russia are big opportunities for us because we have a lot of platforms in those markets. We have 9 channels in Russia. We're going to launch 5 more channels in India. These are markets that have a lot more wind at the back. And given the fact our brands are strong there and we have boots on the ground that we should accelerate our opportunity there. But don't underestimate western Europe. We have a lot of growth in western Europe, and that has a lot to do with the fact that we've been in those markets, with growing market share, and advertising continues to grow in a number of those markets, whether it be in Germany, in the U.K. and in Italy. And so we're leaning in, in the growth markets but we're continuing to the advantage of the fact that we have real market share and scale in markets like western Europe.
David Zaslav: Jessica, it's because of 3 reasons. One is the JVs. If you look at our OIBDA increase of $25 million, so that translates naturally with our tax rate, it's about $15 million of net income. Now that $15 million, we didn't increase it because we have a higher interest costs related to the bond offering we just did. So that's one component of it. The JV are not having performed as well as we would have hoped, so that's one component. And our tax rate was up about 0.5%, as we look at it on a GAAP basis. So those 3 things led to that $15 million not flowing through.
David Zaslav: Jessica, well, we sat out the use of our long-term content on the Web, and we really leaned in aggressively with clips with our characters and driving social media, because the economics weren't there. We didn't think the economics -- the right business model was there. There's probably never been a better time to be in the content business, particularly when you own your content. We have a 20-year library. We've converted into HD and digitized it. And a lot of that is content that really works and has a long life. So the good news for us is that we own all of our content. And for the first time, in terms of older windows, there were a number of players out there that are interested in offering that content in different ways, whether it's Netflix, Amazon, Google. Wal-Mart announced the other day that they are starting a service. And so all of that, directionally, is an opportunity for us. What we're working through right now is getting the right value for our content in any of the deals that we do. But it's very encouraging to have a number of new players out there that are looking to offer existing content to consumers and that the consumers are starting to like the opportunity, to consume it. So for us, we think it's good, and we continue -- we're talking to all of them, and we'll continue to talk to them.
David Zaslav: Clark's been a great steward of Discovery, and Clark's going to be retiring in about 9 months or so. And I actually spent time with Clark over 20 years ago when I was a lawyer and Clark was at Discovery. So he's made a lot of great contributions to the company, and he has really helped to build Discovery over the last year. The challenge that we had is that we had some great series that were very robust with really strong characters and storytelling. And then we had a number of other series that were just okay. And so we have been struggling to get a great creative team in there to really drive better stories, better characters and deliver on the real promise of Discovery, what is Discovery when it's at its best. And we're excited about what we have now. We have a number of series with Gold Rush, Flying Wild Alaska, Sons of Guns. We have a whole new creative slate that Clark and Eileen are putting together. And we have a show called Curiosity, which the founder of Discovery came up with, and we've all gotten behind it a big way. It launches this Sunday. It will be every Sunday. It will be a show about curiosity, which is kind of heart and core of our brand. We've started experimenting in the last couple of months with instamentaries. We did a Bin Laden special. We did a mega quake special, both of which worked. I would say that right now Discovery is good, but it could and should be better. And by putting Eileen O'Neill and getting her involved in the network, she's got a lot more energy and a real drive toward that storytelling and character. She did it at TLC, where when she got to TLC it was # 20 network in America. And as I mentioned, last month, it was the # 2 network for women in 18 to 49, behind only USA. And she has about 25 shows that get over 1 million viewers, and she built a team that really focused on story and character. And that's what we're doing at Discovery now. I think we're making progress. The good news is that I think there's a lot of headroom for us to grow. Discovery has kind of performed at market level for the last 3 years or so, and we think we can outperform. We should outperform and that's our expectation, that's Eileen and Clark's expectation, and you should look for us to do that.
David Zaslav: Okay. Henry Schleiff has been on a mission with ID, and he and his team have done a -- I've never seen a cable channel grow this way. It is the #18 channel for women in America today, in the 25 to 54 demo. And the astonishing thing is it's in a little less than 80 million homes, and there's still only 35% of the people that have ID know that they have ID. And so there's tremendous upside there. About 2/3 of the growth is coming from pure Henry's team, building shows, show after show that's generating interest in ratings. And it has the-- I'm not going to say it's the longest but it might be, it's up there, in terms of the amount of time that people spend watching a network. So it's -- we have a group of people watching ID that really love it, a significant portion of the day. That's another indicator that we have upside when you put that together with the fact that 65% of the people that have it, don't know that they do. So we're very excited about ID. The other thing that gives us some real opportunity is that it grew so quickly that we haven't been able to really get the value on the CPM side, and that's traditional in the media business. Because we were doing mostly DR, and then we started weighing in Joe and Avers Aham's[ph] team, started bringing in national advertisers about 2 years ago. And we started from a pretty low base and all of a sudden, we have the compelling ratings. And it takes time, probably 2 to 3 years, for us to be able to get the CPMs that this channel deserves in light of the audience that it's delivering and the quality of the audience that it's delivering. So we're getting the growth of the audience. We're getting the growth of the subs, and we should get a very meaningful growth in the CPM. So it's an unusual asset, the credit goes to Henry Schleiff and his whole team that have -- they're having a ton of fun building a great network with great storytelling.
David Zaslav: We don't have any large deals that come up before 2012, and then they're staggered, so we do have time. But there really is alignment. In order for us to grow as a company, we need to grow our market share. People still only watch 8 or 10 channels, and we're on a mission every day to have people have our channels be 1 of the 8 or 10 channels they spend time with. So when we grew this quarter 6%, it means 6% more people are spending time with our channels, and behaviorally, when you can get them to do that, it's pretty sticky. And so if we can grow our channels and people spend more time with us, then we're going to grow our ad revenue. And as you say, the stronger our channels, the stronger our hand when we sit down and have a discussion when our deals are up. But if you look at where we were when we did our deals, TLC was the # 20 or 22 service in America, ID was Discovery Times. The Science channel really didn't have a lot of original content, several years ago, and Military Channel was mostly library. So we've targeted TLC now as the top 5 channel in America, ID the top 20 network and growing, and Science a great niche network, where we've really invested in quality content. Morgan Freeman's Through the Wormhole has been a real success for that network, and there's a lot of original content Debbie Myers and her team had developed, and Henry Schleiff has now been pushing on Military, which has a good niche audience. And so all that of that are things we would do anyway. But it will be helpful to us as our 13 channels. We also have Discovery Español, which depending on the month, has been #1 or 2 network in America in the Hispanic space. It goes back and forth with Galavision. The stronger our channels are, the better economics we can deliver quarter-to-quarter, the better content we can drive around the world because our content goes around the world and the stronger our hand. And then of course, now there's this new opportunity, whether it's TV Everywhere, which we're very supportive of but we haven't done any TV Everywhere deals with the distributors yet or these new players like Netflix or Amazon or Google that want our content. Having stronger content and stronger brands also makes us -- gives us a more nourishing hand for those discussions. So there's full alignment. We have to build our brands, better shows, better channels, better storytelling, and so we do have clarity of purpose, which is helpful.
David Zaslav: Well, Animal Planet. We built a strong brand with Animal Planet. It was a little bit profitable a few years ago and now, it's making a substantial amount of money for us. We've been able to get the CPM up, and it continues to grow. It's hard to compare when we look at our portfolio of 13 channels. But there's no question that ID is a network where the audience is telling us that they want more of it, and they want to spend more time with it. It doesn't mean that Animal Planet isn't strong. It is strong. It is a great brand, and we continue to invest in it. And Margaret Caplin [ph] her team just recently launched Finding Bigfoot, a very successful show and Whale Wars and River Monsters have been -- there's a real following for Animal Planet. So we stay -- we remain optimistic. But when we look at the growth of ID, when we look at the growth of Science, when we look at the growth of Military, it's just encouraging that we've kind of amortized our growth portfolio where we have more that we can lean on and, like in any portfolio, there are some that are going to be doing better than others at different times. So we're just really listening to the audience.
David Zaslav: The answer is no, and it's good news. Sheri and Erik are there now. They ran Harpo before for Oprah and did a fantastic job. They have a great working relationship with Oprah, and they came over. Peter transitioned, and we feel that with Sheri and with Oprah that the network is in good shape. And so I think it frees Peter up to come back and spend more time with us. So it's a positive-positive.
David Zaslav: The other piece that Joe was very effective with is, instead of just looking at Discovery and TLC and Animal Planet, he was able to really increase the volume and the quality of the business that we were able to put in to our other 10 networks. And that was -- a big function of that was the quality of the brands in the networks have really improved and have more awareness. But also that the market was strong, and in a strong market, Joe was able to build volume on those networks that are sometimes have more -- tend to have more DR. And so that's a real value to us, a real plus-plus.
David Zaslav: On ID, we have launched ID as a separate channel in a number of markets, and it is doing well. But we also use ID because it aligns very well with Discovery, some of -- a number of those shows we use to make Discovery stronger around the world. On the 3D side, 3D candidly, has been slower than we expected. It's really going to be driven more -- it's going to be driven by the sets and how quick consumers really adopt to 3D. The good news for us is that we've gotten a lot of experience with it. If it transitions into a technology where you don't use glasses and it becomes robust, we'll be there. There are a number of markets where distributors feel like they need to hedge, even though the consumer demand isn't significant yet, that from a brand perspective it's important for them to have 3D or be a leader in 3D. And so the fact that we have it is important. The market demand has not developed yet, and it would probably be the consumer electronics crew, the technology crew, that can give you a better sense of if it will.
Bradley Singer: Spencer, when you look at the numbers, our fully distributed networks experienced year-on-year, the numbers of subscribers are about 0.5% higher. Our digital networks are about a little -- about 5% higher. And if you combine that with our rate increases, that's what got us to the 6% growth rate. And those are the components that got you there. Now you can play with the growth rate of digital or household formations, and those are the variables as you move forward in the future.
Bradley Singer: International will be somewhat consistent with the second quarter. It shouldn't be dramatically different one way or the other. And now that could change because you have less visibility internationally, and you're in a higher growth environment. But the tranche should be somewhat similar.
Bradley Singer: With regard to the cost, while we don't talk about specific programming costs in any one element, that is split between 2 different networks of ours. And even as a combined cost, it's not near our averages even. So it's -- I want to be careful about drawing too firm a conclusion about where we're going with the cost structure of any of our programming. And I'll turn over to Peter to -- the second part of your question.
Bradley Singer: This is Brad. With regard to the upfront, we sold about 20%-ish more dollar volume than we did in the prior year and half of that is price-driven. And the other half when we look at the inventory component, it was really we're focusing on some of our non-prime inventory. And so I think we were -- the assessing is very good and very thoughtful. that's how they delivered the upfront dollars that we ultimately placed.
Bradley Singer: And Jim with regard to your question on cost and growth, we look at it, whether it's domestic or international, very similarly, which is with the help of multi-year plan. And we try to lay out what are the benchmarks for success, and if we're hitting them, we try to accelerate that investment to be very success-based. And ID is a good example domestically where we've tripled our investment over the last few years in our programming, and our ad sales have actually more than tripled. So that worked out very well. TLC International, very similar. And so as we approach anything -- any type of the incremental investment or even launching new offices, we try to do -- we do a multi-year plan. If we do well, we can be a lot more aggressive with that investment.
Bradley Singer: Vasily, it's Brad Singer. With regard to which categories, I think, the ones that are most economically sensitive are usually the ones that would be the first you'd see some weakness in. That's how I phrase it, and I'll leave it to your judgment on which ones of those are. With regard to how -- what happens in an environment if it becomes more challenging, is it all depends. If you have a scatter market that's weak or if it is still above the upfront, you may not see as much upfront cancellations. What we saw in 2009, is we had a very good upfront, 2008 to 2009 broadcasting upfront. We saw that over the course of 2009, a mild acceleration of those cancellations during that period of time, and DR held in there pretty well. So that's, I think, the best analog or the most recent one that we can point to.
