David M. Zaslav: Great. Thanks, David. Well, we delivered a little over 8% this quarter, which we felt very good about. We had market share growth of 3%. The market was strong, it was up about 20% from the upfront. But we also began seeding a number of our new networks with advertisers, and we still have a ways to go in terms of bringing up the CPM on some channels like Animal Planet, that's now a top 20 channel for men; ID, that's the #9 channel in America and continues to grow. So it's going to -- we'll continue to get some additional growth out of that. This quarter continues to look strong, maybe even a little bit stronger than last quarter in terms of pricing. So if we continue to grow our market share, I think you'll see us in the high single, low double in domestic.
David M. Zaslav: Sure, thanks, Todd. First, Discovery had a good quarter. It was up about 10%, which was very strong, with a lot of new series. And Discovery's mostly male, and we were able to take advantage of that. TLC was down about 1% or essentially flat. The industry itself was down 2%, so TLC did a little bit better than the industry, but we had less premieres in the first quarter. We're coming back with Long Island Medium, we're coming back with Breaking Amish in the summer, Honey Boo Boo will come in. So I think that we expect that we'll see a little bit more momentum on the women's side with TLC. I think that would have helped us. The broadcasters were down significantly in prime and in daytime, and that put a little bit of a squeeze on the women's side. And so we were able to take advantage of that with TLC, but not as much as we would have liked to, and we're hoping to in this next quarter. ID continued to grow because of that. And when you say digital networks, we have TLC and Discovery that are fully distributed. But we also have Animal Planet that's fully distributed. And Animal Planet now is a top 20 network. It's going to take us some time in order to get our CPM up, but we're getting double growth there. It's growing significantly, but also our CPM is growing. So that is a fully distributed network. And when you say digital, we now have ID in over 80 million homes. So 80 million homes, the #9 network in America, #6 network in daytime, #5 in late night, yet we're still not getting the full premium for that. So those would be what I would call kind of our big networks, with Animal Planet and ID providing some meaningful growth no matter what over the next couple of years. And then the smaller networks, one -- we call them emerging because they're continuing to be very fast-growing, but Destination America, Velocity, those do have lower CPMs. And when I said we're seeding, we're trying to get advertisers into them, so they could feel the value of being on those platforms. They could see that we can put up some very strong ratings when we have original content. And once we get them hooked into those channels, we'll be able to drive the CPM on that. So I can't really break it out except to say that I think if we can drive a little bit more of our female demo in the next 6 months, given where a lot of the viewership and advertisers are looking for female, we could maybe over-index more.
David M. Zaslav: Well, we redid only a few of our deals this year. We've talked about the fact that they feather in over the next 5 years. This year was less than 20%, a little bit more than 10%. So it was a lesser percentage, but we were able to get higher increases in those deals. We were able to get more distribution for Science, more distribution for Destination America, more distribution for Military. So when we can pick up higher fees and get more distribution, that's a formula that works very well for us because we get the guaranteed revenue on that extra distribution. But also, we had 2 of the -- 3 of the fastest-growing cable networks in America over the last 3 years has been ID, which has gone from 50 to over 80; Science, which went from 45 to over 72; and Velocity continues to grow aggressively. So if we can get the per sub fees on that, then not only do we get the guaranteed economics, we get the asset value and the ability to get advertising. So we will be looking for that in addition to the very simple what is our actual CAGR on our total sub fee base.
David M. Zaslav: Well, our renewals, as I've said, it's -- we did very well. But in terms of the percentage, it would bring it up. It wouldn't bring it up dramatically because in terms of the scale of deals that we did, the number of subs that were under it were not that significant. There would also be in there, Doug, some additional digital. We have deals where every time a digital box is deployed, every operator has to carry every one of our channels and has to pay us on those channels, but that's been true every quarter. And we -- to your point, we really haven't seen any better sub growth this quarter than we've seen last. In fact, it's pretty flat. So kind of agree with you.
David M. Zaslav: I think there's a little lag, but the deals don't necessarily mean that we closed the deal at the end of December and they have to launch January 1. In fact, they can't. There's a 60-day requirement. That's pretty standard under the franchise rules where they have to notify customers of what's coming. So the actual launch of more subscribers for our channels would have happened, at the very earliest, 60 days afterward. And sometimes it's really just a commitment to launch the channels during the year for a longer -- when deals are 4 or 5 years long. So that -- you'll see it coming in.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Ben. Okay, on the CPM, the CPM differential between broadcast and cable remains a little over 30%. And that's really good news for us. In the U.S. market, where subscribers are flat and viewership on cable is flat, that provides real wind at our back, and that applies to all of us, and particularly, if we can grow market share and continue to push on CPM. And the story on compressing that CPM, I think, is getting stronger, because the amount of rate -- the rating points that we're able to deliver, not just us, like on a Friday night where we're the #1 network, beating the broadcasters, on OWN when Oprah can put on content, and she's the #1 network for African-American women, beating all the broadcasters, those stories are -- we have a huge number of those stories where 5 or 6 years ago that didn't exist. The scale of viewership on cable is higher. The demo of viewership on cable is stronger. And so I think it's going to take time, probably 3 or 4 years. It'll never be even, but we'll get that pick up and that, I think, will continue to be a benefit for the U.S. business. On the online side, the CPMs that we're getting on stream video, on the Web, are quite high. And we've actually been shifting aggressively away from the page view and the unique approach that many of us in this business took. So we had aggregated over 60 million uniques with a gazillion page views, but with Google and Facebook out there, it kind of really commoditized in some ways the ability to sell on those pages. And we still do it, but the prices are not rising. If anything, they're going down. And so we have really pivoted aggressively towards streaming. We bought a company called Revision3. It's the #1 nonfiction streaming company in the world. They were doing about 150 million streams a month when we bought them. They're now 300 million streams. JB Perrette, who runs our business, has been pushing our streaming business across every one of our brands. We launched 12 live streaming channels of live puppy cams and young animals across -- on Animal Planet about 6 weeks ago, and they're doing very well. And so our #1 focus in terms of the digital business right now is on the streaming side because the CPMs are quite strong. Having said that, it's not clear where it's going to go. So we're playing in this space. We want to learn everything about it. We want to continue to look at consumer behavior. But it's confusing right now. People are still watching more TV than they ever have. We're able to grow market share in the U.S. pretty significantly over the last couple of years, including this past quarter where we're up 3%. Last year, where we were up 8%. Outside the U.S., we're growing market share dramatically. And so we're really playing both ends. Let's do a great job at telling stories and building characters and building our brands, and let's assume nothing is going on. And then let's have an aggressive team, taking our content and our characters on the Web and also through Rev3, doing content a different way, and I think it's going to be a couple of years before we really see what happens.
David M. Zaslav: Okay, thanks, Michael. When you step back, and I've said this before, but as we look at all the people that are knocking on our door now for content, for the next couple of years, I think there's never been a better time to be in this business than right now. We own all of our content, which makes us somewhat unique. Our content works around the world, which makes us unique. And there's more people that want it for more windows. So in the window you're talking about, we got Amazon and we got Netflix, we're stronger now I think because 5 years ago, we had 4% of the viewership on cable, today, we have 10%. We have brands that are stronger. We have a lot of good content. We're going to take our third year option on Netflix because we've seen no degradation in audience. And that's, I think, significant incremental margin for us with Amazon and with Netflix because they're buying content that's mostly 18 months and older, some of it, 2, 3, 4 years old. Our relationship is good. They like our content. We like this window. Our deal doesn't come up for almost another 1.5 years. When it does come up with Amazon and with Netflix, we think we'll do well as long as we have a lot of really good content that people like. And we also have a big bulk of it. In the end, they still need to nourish people. The idea that Rita said to me a number of times is, they don't have everything, but when people go there, they'll find something good. And we have a lot of good stuff, so I think we'll do well, Michael. In addition, we now have a lot of the cable operators here in the U.S. And BSkyB just launched their SVOD platform, and that's good for us. So you have LOVEFiLM, you have Netflix, and now you have Jeremy Darroch launching his own SVOD platform in the U.K. There's a good chance that's going to happen here. We're talking with a lot of operators, so that's a positive. And then we have TV Everywhere, which is a tighter window, which we haven't done deals yet, but we think we can get significant incremental value for that.
David M. Zaslav: Okay. Well, our model when we say free-to-air is really different than a traditional broadcast model because we own all of our content. When we went into Spain, our cost of content is almost 0. We have the content. We have it in language. So we essentially buy a stick and we can put programming on there, and we're able to gain market share. In Italy -- and by the way, Michael, we've now reached a point where we've lapped almost all of our free-to-air channels, so the growth that you're seeing is pretty pure. In addition, in Italy, we're just finding that our content is working fantastic. And the experience we're having there, that's the reason that we went into Spain, where it's very strong. It's the reason that we're finding additional growth in Germany. This model of taking male content and putting it on a male channel, taking female content and putting it on a female channel, and the amount of content that we have to put into those 2 baskets. In Italy, our market share was up 70% on -- with our 2 channels, and that's without Switchover. And with Switchover now, we're the #3 player in Italy, so -- second only to RAI and Mediaset. So we're also getting scale, which will help us with our pricing.
David M. Zaslav: Okay. Well, first, I think that we're sort of -- we're in the beginning stages of trying to take advantage of the fact that we have between 6 and 14 channels in 220 countries. So we're clearly the #1 platform media company in the world. And our challenge, domestically and internationally, was to take advantage of that. We've done a good job here in the U.S., but we have a long way to go. I think you'll see a lot of growth from us here in the U.S. because we still -- we have 14 channels and we only have about 10% share. Outside the U.S., the story is even stronger. We were able to light up TLC around the world, reaching over 300 million homes in 1.5 years. And the growth that we're seeing on TLC around the world continues to be significant. ID, we're rolling out. So we're beginning to take advantage of our channels, Jessica. And I think you're going to see meaningful market share growth. We had 25% market share growth in the fourth quarter. We had 16% market share growth in the first quarter. But I guess to step back, when I look at our international business, it's probably the biggest growth engine and the most compelling story that we have. And right now, we're hitting on all cylinders in a real sustainable fashion. So looking at this past quarter, subs were up 12%; market share, up 16%; ad sales, up 25%; and affiliate revenue, up 15%. So those -- you got all those arrows up. At the same time, when you look at the 220 countries that we're serving locally, more than 2/3 of those countries are either in recession or flat. And on top of that, we have invested in TLC, ID, taking Kids into Asia, launching new broadcast channels. And when you digest all that investment and the fact that more than 2/3 of the countries are in recession, we're showing 17% growth and 25% advertising growth, and we're growing share. And so what's most striking to me is we have a sustainable model where we can grow between 15% and 20% in -- when we're dealing in markets that are mostly flat or down. And that's the market condition we're expecting. And with our local teams, one of the things that you've seen is the cost increase. It's because we're putting -- we put local ad sales teams into Colombia, we put a local ad sales team into Italy, that's more investment that we think will pay off with more sustainable growth. The kicker here is, if over the next couple of years things stay exactly the way they are or even if they get a little worse, we think we could show double-digit or certainly sustainable growth the way that you've seen the last 2 quarters for us. The wildcard is, which we're not expecting, is if the marketplace turns, if Western Europe starts to pick up, if a lot of these countries that are flat or in recession turn, and we had been growing 15%, 17%, 18%, that's going to be the real fuel for extraordinary growth for us because we're gaining market share, we got more channels, we got local teams on the ground, and we're growing aggressively in markets that are not good. So to me, that is really -- that's our game.
David M. Zaslav: Well, specifically, we certainly have cost synergy because we've been in business there for 20 years. We were over there last week. We have different sets of offices. We have -- we're looking at people, we're looking at deliveries, so there will be some meaningful cost synergy. But also, we now have over 40% market share in Norway, with significant broadcast asset, cable assets. So the power ratio of SBS in terms of advertising was a lot higher than our power ratio. So there'll be some revenue synergy in terms of advertising. And we expect that when we go to market together, that there should be real opportunity on the affiliate side. And we're already seeing that there may -- that there's going to be, in addition to that, when you take Eurosport and you lay Eurosport on top of our opportunity universe in those 4 markets, we even have more, whether it's how we sell, whether it's how we bid on content. So we feel like there will be a step back in margins this year as we digest this. But we're very happy with what we saw. It's a great management team. The business is performing very well. It didn't close as quickly as we would have liked, but we're off and running and we're running hard.
David M. Zaslav: The other thing that you'll see is the situation that we're having with Animal Planet and with ID and that we had with TLC a few years ago, as the channels start to grow, you have to get on the media planners' budget. And you don't get on at a very high rate, you have to build yourself up. And so we've launched a lot of new channels and we've grown a lot of market share outside the U.S. We now have local teams on the ground. And we're seeing meaningful growth. You saw 25% ad growth. But it's even going to get higher because a lot of the channels that we're selling, they're early stage. We're getting good market share, but our ability to drive price will be something that'll take over the next 3 to 4 years for us to get full value for.
David M. Zaslav: Well, the programming spend that we have right now, it's pretty steady. The good news for us is, when it comes to Science and Animal Planet and ID, ID in particular is working really well. We didn't know that it would work the way Animal Planet and Science has worked in terms of taking almost very little local content and just using existing content that we have with sort of a global approach. TLC does have a meaningful amount of local, but you see it in the numbers, it is less than we thought. We thought it was going to be about 40% share, and it's more at about 60% share, and it'll probably stay about where it is right now. So overall, I think you'll see -- we don't expect that we're going to have to invest significantly more. It's about where it is now.
David M. Zaslav: Sure. Look, the TV Everywhere is a big piece of a windowing strategy. We haven't done any of those deals yet. We are talking to operators. The good thing about TV Everywhere is it's measured on the Web, and it will be measured next year on the Pad. I just was -- met with a bunch of operators in D.C. the other day. There's a real drive to push into that space. We just haven't done deals yet. We all agree there's value, we think there's more value there. We have 10% market share. We have a lot of great content. And so I think there's the question of when that will happen, and it's a fight over value. On the SVOD piece, I wouldn't be surprised if a number of the operators get into that space. And Netflix has been very effective. Amazon has been effective. So I think it will be good for us. The more people that want to pay for our content, the better. And then there's over-the-top. There continues to be discussion of over-the-top. Eventually, it'll happen. I don't know if it's going to be this year, next year, or in 4 years. But the idea of more people wanting to pay more money to get access to content that we own is a good thing. Now it's a good thing over the next couple of years. The bigger question is, 4, 5, 6 years from now, how good of a job do we do as an industry getting the right economics for each of those windows, and any those windows get much bigger because people spend a lot more time, and does that mean that we end up doing better or worse. There's no question we're going to be better in the next couple of years.
David M. Zaslav: Look, we all have to follow the consumer, what does the consumer do, but we have to do it rationally by figuring out what are the right economics. We don't want to undermine an existing business that is very effective for us. We're about 50% subscriber fee, and we could be doing deals in some markets that are very low penetrated on cable around the world, like Brazil, to make a little bit more money. But Brazil is still only 26% pay penetrated. They grew over 20% in this past quarter. That's the place that we're going to make a lot of money. And when people first get introduced to television, we want them to be introduced to cable TV, which is the core of what we do. We don't want them to be confused by some other offerings. So I think we have to be careful as an industry as to how we approach this. The fact that traditional distributors are getting into this space is a good thing. If we're talking to an existing distributor, a customer of ours that has big scale and is paying us for our content in a traditional manner, then at that point, doing a deal with that distributor for more money to give them more windows, by definition, it'll be more difficult to undermine that relationship because it's with the same person. But we have to make sure we get the right economics. Because you're right, if in 5 years we're not getting the right economics on -- or the business models aren't effective on some of those platforms and they begin to take some scale away from traditional television, then we'll be worse off. On the other hand, today, people are watching more television than they have. And we're getting paid for every one of those platforms. So it feels awfully good. That's good. The bad is that if we get overconfident, then we don't get the right economics on those additional platforms.
David M. Zaslav: That was last year. Last year was less than 20%. And we've basically said, directionally, that it's about, over the next 5 years, it's basically even. So if you were to model it out and you modeled out 20% a year, you wouldn't be too far off on either side.
David M. Zaslav: The deals that we did last year in aggregate represented a number of subs that was less than 20% of our total base in the U.S. That's it.
David M. Zaslav: We always look opportunistically. I think we're very late to the party on sports, and it's very expensive, and there's a lot of great players playing in that space and fighting that fight. We think it's -- what we have with Eurosport, which we have a right to take a control right in, in about 19 months, is very different. It's in 59 countries. It's the only pan-European sports platform that exists, so it's a very unique platform with unique leverage. So sports is difficult. I don't see us playing in a meaningful way in fiction on our existing platforms in some way that would skew your models. But if there were channels available here in the U.S., we always look. We think we have enough scale here right now. But for the right price, we always look at everything. Our focus is going to be much more outside the U.S., That's where we think we have a real advantage, both in terms of teams on the ground and scale.
David M. Zaslav: Okay, let me start. The upfront, to some extent, is outside of our control. We go in with a significant amount of momentum. The market right now is strong, surprisingly strong. But we're more of a follower than a leader with that, and that's just -- that's because we're in the cable business and that's the way it works here in the U.S. So we'll see where CBS or some of the bigger broadcasters go. If they -- depending on where they come in, we'll make the decision depending on how up the pricing is whether -- last year, we did about 55% of our inventory, but we did very, very well with scatter. And the question is, depending on how high we can get an increase on the upfront, that'll determine whether we do 45%, 48%, 50% or 55% and how much we bet on scatter. So I think we have all the right winds at our back going in. We're just going to have to see how the marketplace is. It feels good now, we'll have to see. On SBS, just a couple of points, and then I'll pass it to Andy. That's a dual revenue stream business, so it's very unusual. 30% of it is sub fees, number one. Two, we think we have a lot of synergy and it's not going to take us a very long time, we think we can move those margins pretty quickly. And three, it does play against our model. If we had bought an asset like this in one market that had a unique language where we couldn't use it across other countries, it would have been more difficult. The fact that you have Norway, Denmark, Sweden and Finland and you can produce content and share it across those markets, and we could use their content, they could use ours, we think gives us a real chance to grow our international business and also to reinforce the geographic diversity that we have. Those are very stable markets, and we think that we can grow them, and we can use the synergy to do it.
Andrew C. Warren: Okay. And David, just to add to that, just remember, last year, U.S. ad sales was up 13%. So on a 2-year basis, it's tremendous year-over-year growth. And to answer your question about Japan, we're not actually separating or splitting it out separately or quantifying it because it is a business we were in before with 50% investment, and we only increased that to 80%. So on a very bottom line basis, it's a fairly de minimis impact. But broadly speaking, as far as the impact on revenue and expenses, for the whole company, it's less than 1 point. So I'd just give you a sense of its size, it's relatively insignificant on a total company basis.
Andrew C. Warren: Well, it is consolidated within those numbers, but the impact is fairly small. As I said, it's really less than 1 point for the total company on both revenue, expense and profit.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, and just to add to that, Jessica. Even though we only closed SBS 1 month ago and Eurosport now 4 months ago, in both cases in the early stages here, we're very happy with what we see the opportunities for, both revenue and cost synergies. I mean, both are at least at or above our deal expectations. So the early signs are very positive.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, Richard, it's Andy. It's a good question. The -- we knew going into this year that SBS, and we stated this, would be about a 500-basis-point dilution to the overall international margin, that plus the content amortization catch up as well. But now that we have a new baseline that we're going to work off of, given the conversation around synergies, given the conversation around infrastructures largely in place international. As David mentioned, we have feet on the ground now in over 50 countries, adding to the sales teams in Colombia and Italy, et cetera. So we now think we can get a lot higher percent of profit flow-through for every incremental dollar, especially as the percent of ad sales becomes higher and higher. So we feel very confident that from this now lower base we've established with the content amort and with SBS, we can meaningful grow margin in 2014 and beyond. It's a huge focus of the international team.
Andrew C. Warren: Well, look, our ratings are up at Discovery, and we're having a lot of momentum. It's important for us to be open to what do the viewers want and how do we continue to nourish them. That's what this business is all about. People only watch 8 to 10 channels. The fact that our share was up 8% last year and 3%, means they're spending more time with our channels, and you have to earn that. Fiction, we've seen in the marketplace that viewers have really related to fiction on occasion on nonfiction channels. We've been very successful with Alaska and with Gold on Discovery. We have the #1 show with Gold Rush. The Bering Sea Gold has been very successful for us, Last Frontier in Alaska. So for us to do Klondike on Discovery, we thought was a good first swing into fiction, which is a lot more expensive, to see if we do something in our wheelhouse and we get behind it, will the Discovery audience, will they love it? Will they lean into it? Will they feel like that makes them feel closer to Discovery? And we're going to have to see. It's an experiment. I think it's going to do very well. But it's a very small piece of our overall strategy. It's much more expensive. It doesn't repeat as well. And so for us, it's a big tent-pole. You might see us using scripted if this works as a tent-pole strategy, sort of the way we use Frozen Planet or North America as part of that overall approach to -- in aggrandizing the brand. But it's not going to change who we are, we're nonfiction with those brands. You'll see us playing more in the fiction area with things like SBS, where we have broad entertainment sports networks, where that's the foundation of what we do in those 4 markets where we have between 30% and 40% market share.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, Anthony, it's both in our full year guidance and will be either in the second or third quarter. It really all depends on when we take the option. So we're not going to say which quarter yet, but it will either be second or third, and it is included in our full year expectation.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes. You're right. And we've laid out 3 kind of deal criterion that we look at. One is free cash flow and EPS accretive, day one; two is an unlevered IRR of at least low-teens; and three is by the multiple that's less than ourselves and ideally less than 10. And SBS clearly meets all of those 3 criteria. And so, look, I'll just add to David's point, while it is margin dilutive, day one, we do very much believe in our ability to grow margin, not only with that business but the overall amalgamation of the D&I in total. So we're very, very bullish on what our margin profile's going to look like long term. We think this is the right kind of step back in margin, year 1, with a lot of thoughts around how to gain that through ad sales leverage, top line leverage, infrastructure in place and then synergies.
