David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Michael. Well, we did sell more in the upfront than we have in the past, but we also moved early on scatter, and we found the scatter, really, the pricing was quite strong throughout the quarter, remains strong, but a lot of the momentum, the fact we were able to -- Joe and his team were able to get 17% growth is our networks were strong. Discovery is really back with a lot of momentum, and we hit all demographics with Discovery male, TLC female, a lot of our other networks working. We also built some of our new networks this year, not just ID but Fit and Health and Velocity and Science kind of having a -- all having a little bit of a stronger profile on the advertising side. And not only do we hit all demos, but ID is enormously strong in daytime. So we tend to really lean on Primetime, but ID provided a great vehicle for us as the top network in America in daytime. And so it's all of that and together with Joe Abruzzese, I think, being the master of managing inventory and at motivating a great sales team. And so it was a great result for the year and a very strong performance in maximizing our rating points in the quarter.
David M. Zaslav: We don't speak to specifics, but we -- with ID now in 80 million homes and having to be a top 10 network, it's going to take a while for us to get the CPMs where we think they should be. But we have a team really focused on that, and it is becoming a bigger contributor, and we expect over the next 2 and 3 years as we get paid commensurate with the value that we're providing that it'll be an even bigger growth provider.
David M. Zaslav: Yes, it's hard to tag any of that as being a benefit. I'm sure generically, it was helpful that, that male demo was available, but we can't draw any direct lines as to whether that was helpful or how much.
David M. Zaslav: On the TV Everywhere, Ben, our deals come up beginning at the end of this year and then they're kind of staggered, but we are in agreement with all of our distributors that our existing deals do not provide for them to have any rights to TV Everywhere for any of our content, which is a good thing. We own all of our content and with our networks and our brand stronger, we love TV Everywhere. We think it's a good opportunity for viewers to consume more of our content. We're happy about the fact that the distributors are deploying it. Right now, we're in a discussion of what's the value. We think that there's substantial value there. And if we can agree on value, then you'll see our content on TV Everywhere, and it might be a TV Everywhere deal. It might be a deal where we give TV Everywhere and we extend early. But it really is going to depend on us coming to an agreement with the distributors on what's fair value for all of our content on TV Everywhere, which today is not just streaming of content on other platforms, but it's the ability to pull down and watch specific shows that you've missed.
David M. Zaslav: On the new platforms, as you'd expect, we're in discussions with a number of players that are interested in a window similar to Netflix, which is 18 months plus, and then as we just discussed TV Everywhere, which is a tighter window. It's really too early to tell, Doug. From the data that we've seen so far, it doesn't seem it's -- the viewership is pretty spread across a lot of our different shows, and we have not seen anything that would indicate to us that this is cannibalizing us. We're excited about this window, this 18-month window. It provides meaningful incremental value to us. We like the fact that there are other players in the marketplace, but we're going to watch it. It's one of the reasons we did a -- we restructured our deal with Netflix as a 2-year deal with a right for us to extend for one year because we want to take a hard look at behaviorally how is our content consumed and then what impact, either positive or negative, it has on viewership. So far, we haven't seen any.
David M. Zaslav: We don't break out when our deals come up, but our focus has been over the last couple of years and it's going to continue to be for this year and next year, is to make our channel stronger. All of our channels come up at the same time, which is helpful. And we have seen a building on some of our niche channels. We have Discovery Español. It's either the #1 or 2 network in America for men in the Hispanic space; having TLC continue to be #1 or 2 for women 1 or 2 nights a week, hopefully, even maybe 3 as we approach those negotiations; having Discovery back really strong. We're the #1 network in America including the broadcasters on Friday nights, making Science a more compelling niche channel, having ID be a top 10 network for women. All of those I think give us stronger hand, and when we look, we see we're growing our market share and how does our market share trends -- how does that market share align with the amount of value that we're getting from the distributors, and so we expect to go to the distributors, hopefully, with a lot more value and they get to sell our channels. And we'll be looking for more value, and we'll -- we think that we'll do well, and we'll see how it goes.
David M. Zaslav: Okay, thanks, Rich. Well, first, let me talk about OWN. We took a platform that was in 80 million homes, and we've done a very good job of building the 2 revenue streams. We've done deals with most of the distributors for meaningful subscriber fees, and on the advertiser side, we have good advertising support. We're up for about a year. The mission is to grow an audience. If we grow an -- a meaningful audience that wants to spend time with OWN, and we think that we will, this will be a very significant asset. It takes time to do that. We now have Oprah. She was on the air on this past Sunday night. She was on last night with an Oscar special. She's on with a Whitney special tonight. She's very engaged. We have a good team, a team that she has confidence in and I have confidence in now. And over the next year or 2, if we build that audience, this is going to be a very strong asset. So we feel good about that. On the rate card piece of the overbuilder, look at it this way. We're completely platform agnostic. This is a great time to be in the content business because there -- we've got people that want our content in new Windows. We got people -- we got operators that want our content for TV Everywhere. We got our traditional business of cable through the cable and satellite guys, and if there are other players there that come that want to provide us meaningful value to distribute our content, we're going to focus on what we always do: How will that content be distributed? Are we getting fair value for it? In the end, if there are bundles that are provided much like if you go down to Latin America and some of the emerging markets, there are new tiers that are developing that are kind of low start-up tiers to where there's an emerging middle class. And on those tiers, we tend to do very well because instead of being much more robust, there are fewer channels, and we have a lot more of the space. If in fact there are -- the traditional distributors or new distributors offer smaller packages and we have an opportunity to get fair value and have a meaningful amount of the space, then that's likely to be attractive to us. We'll have to see each one as they develop and both the economics and the impact that it might have on the traditional business.
David M. Zaslav: Well, a number of the traditional cable operators are starting to offer, Time Warner has, smaller packages of services, which as long as a lot of our channels are carried, which they have been in some of the early rollouts, in some of the traditional distributors, that's a favorable to us. If we're -- it's sort of like we have 7 HD channels. When -- every time a consumer gets HD, that's good for us. We have a lot of HD channels. It's a very favorable environment. And so if there's only 30, 40, 50 channels and we have 7 of them, that's a good environment for us. If there's another tier that has fewer channels and we have a big piece of it and the economics are strong for us, that's favorable. If it's a new technology that provides meaningful economics to us, that's favorable. But the last one we'll have to look at and make sure that it doesn't undermine the existing infrastructure.
David M. Zaslav: Well, TLC continues -- it's continuing to grow. What we call Real Time in Italy is essentially our female -- we don’t call it TLC in Italy, but it's one of the top -- it's a top network for women, and it's continuing to grow and it's profitable, and we're doing very well with that. In Norway, Denmark, Sweden, very strong and Poland strong. We're seeing growth pretty much across the board. We just launched in Latin America where it's too early. We have a very strong female network already in Latin America called Home & Health, which is a top 20 network. And so we're going to see over the next 6 months whether we get the same kind of traction in Latin America, but throughout Europe, it's been quite strong.
David M. Zaslav: Let me take the first part of it, and then Brad will get it. I was just -- spent last week in Bogotá, Colombia, where we have 11 channels. We just opened an office there. We have about 16 people. It's a strong market for us. We were there really to focus on building our advertising business in Bogotá, but we also announced that we did a joint venture with the Colombian government. We met with President Santos, and together, we announced the first joint programming arrangement between the Colombian government and a programmer. And so we're -- Latin America is a very big market for us. There's more than 20% growth across the board. In some of the markets, more like 30 plus. And so we have 11 channels in Brazil, 10 channels in Mexico, 10 in Argentina. So that's a market we've been in for a very long time, and we're going to continue to invest. We also have, in addition to Discovery Animal Planet, we just launched TLC. We have Home & Health, but we also have Discovery Kids, which is unique. It's only in Latin America. But in many of the markets, for instance in Brazil, Discovery Kids is the #1 network, cable network in all of Brazil. It's like the USA of Brazil, and Discovery Kids does very well particularly with the 6 and under group, and there's a lot of co-viewing with women. And so Latin America is an area that we're continuing to push on.
David M. Zaslav: Well, we do have a very good team. We haven't added to the team. We have a good performance-driven comp structure, but I think part of it is that the channels are getting better, and a lot of the channels that we had were getting very low CPMs. And we're building those channels, and the brands are getting stronger. And it's not just ID. Whether it's Velocity or Science, we're building stronger channels, Animal Planet. So I think that the overall focus on just building market share, building brand, but we did focus specific teams on each of the channels. And Joe has been very aggressive about looking at our CPMs because in the long term, the CPMs are going to -- is what's really going to drive us, and I think we have a lot of headroom on that particularly with some of our younger channels, and so we measure that. But also it's a good inventory management by Joe, and he's moved aggressively in scatter early. He did very good job with the upfront, which I think was good for everybody. But overall, I think it's mostly Joe doing a good job and our channels having momentum.
David M. Zaslav: Well, as I said, all of our channels come up at once. We do think that Discovery, as an overall brand around the world, is premiere and has been. But the fact that subscribers in a cable operator study came back and said that Discovery was the most valued brand on cable, it -- that's a helpful piece of information. And it says that Eileen O'Neill, who's been building that channel with the new creative team that we have there, together with having a number of new hits, has done a good job of connecting with the consumer. So I think it's certainly helpful. Our goal is to get more people spending more time with our channels, and so when we sit down with the -- all of the distributors, that they recognize the value that we're bringing them, and it's certainly helpful that their study shows us as #1.
David M. Zaslav: Okay. Thanks, David. Well, we look at everything and if we think that there are assets out there that'll help us grow faster, we have a great business development team and we have the balance sheet to do it. We don't comment on specific assets, but we do look at everything, and we've been spending a lot of time. I've said for a long time that one of our priorities is to continue to build on the fact that we have a very unique international infrastructure with teams on the ground all over the world. So I think our -- for us, our first hope would be if we could find more sustainable growth with strong assets that we could partner with our existing infrastructure outside of the U.S. But we do look here, and we're opportunistic if something presents itself.
Bradley E. Singer: And, Michael, to put it numerically, about 2/3 of the growth was price and volume, so the market, and about 1/3 was audience.
Bradley E. Singer: Sure. With regard to amortization rates, every year, we do once a year a study of our airing patterns to see what's the appropriate rate to amortize. And so for the big fully distributed networks, that generally hasn't changed. We do 50% the first year, 25% the second, 15% the third and 10% the fourth. The younger networks, because they are younger, generally have some change. So we had about a $10 million dollar adjustment to several of the younger networks that -- and it reflects the full year amortization that you take in that one quarter you do the study. And that's what happened. So usually, it's been de minimis. This year it happened to be about $10 million. With regard to FX, it has almost no impact over the course of 2012. It will have more of an impact in the first half of the year and less in the second half, is kind of how it'll run through based on current rates. And with regard to digital distribution deals, our guidance only incorporates what we have signed today and announced. It doesn't have anything that we are working on or have not announced yet.
Bradley E. Singer: I'll take the first one, Ben, on just on the cash investment. What our guidance would imply is a high-single-digits cash investment in programming for next year.
Bradley E. Singer: Sure, Doug. The way it works for Section 181 is you had an immediate deduction of your domestic content, and now we're going to be deducting it over the 4-year amortization cycle, which would be what -- kind of what I outlined as 50% the first year, 25% the second, 15% the third and 10% the fourth. And so that'll -- what your previous deductions that you accelerated will reverse over those 4 years, and your current deductions will then build over those 4 years. And so you'll have a lessening effect each of the next 4 years as you move forward. And all of -- anyone who produces domestic content, our peers, too, will all have the same consideration to sweep the bigger threat [ph].
Bradley E. Singer: David, what I'd say is we don't comment on any of our individual networks in terms of their profitability, but we incorporate it into our guidance, so that's how -- I think that's a consistent comment whether it's in equity pickup or it comes through above the line. With regard to the delta between amortization and cash, it generally runs -- this year, it ran around $30 million to $40 million. It should be somewhere in that same area because you're always slightly behind when -- in terms of your spending, as the spending is modestly -- is increasing in that kind of the high-single digits.
Bradley E. Singer: Our guidance has a broad enough range that we have a -- certain growth initiatives whether it's rebranding or doing anything along those lines internationally, domestically that incorporates our current plans.
Bradley E. Singer: Vasily, to answer your question on the acceleration, part of why the growth rate is higher is last -- in the beginning of 2011 and in the latter part of 2010, we had renegotiated one of our contracts where we had a reduction because we took Real Time off of the pay platform in Italy and put it onto the free to air. And that's why you -- we traded affiliate feeds for much -- for higher advertising fees. And so that helped our growth rate in advertising but had a detrimental effect on the affiliate rate. Now once you lapped yourself annually, that's when you saw us go back to that double-digit affiliate growth, and that's really driven by the subscriber growth globally. And what we've seen over the last couple of years is we've had a double-digit Discovery sub growth, and that's what drives it. It hasn't really accelerated. It's just maintained a pretty steady robust rate. And in terms of advertising, advertising has been very solid. Part of it is we'd outperformed the market especially in Western Europe, which something like the U.K. is not a robust market, but because if we do things like launch TLC and have Real Time, we grow our market share as well as have new channels. That's what's enabled us to continue to outperform  market, as well as take advantage of growing markets like Russia or Latin America or India. So hopefully that answers your question.
Bradley E. Singer: We have -- we incorporate into our guidance, is the way we phrase it, which is we think in many parts of the world that you have the same conditions that exist into the future, but it has a range of outcomes within there.
Bradley E. Singer: Sure. Anthony, it added 2 -- a couple of hundred basis points to the growth rate, so it's consistent. That's why we had an 8% growth rate and you added a couple of hundred basis points. It is not smooth next year. It depends on when we deliver titles. So you're going to have some lumpiness in some quarters, but over the course of it, it's that 200 to 300 basis points.
Bradley E. Singer: Sure. Net income this year in 2011 had onetime items that were positive, so we're not going to have those in 2012. We had over $100 million gain when we contributed the Health Network to form Oprah Winfrey Network. It was a book gain, not cash. And we also had a tax credit related to our tax reorganization of $112 million. Those 2 things are not going to happen in 2012. So in 2012, you have the nice operating growth performance, but you don't have these special onetime items that were positive in 2011. In terms of free cash flow and working capital, we have the $75 million lower long-term incentive plan payments, but we also -- because we're a growing entity and we're growing our revenue, that takes working capital. So you're going have somewhat, almost an equal amount of increase in whether it's accounts receivable or other parts of working capital to fund your growth, and that goes into when we think of our overall free cash flow.
Bradley E. Singer: Sure. In November, we reorganized certain parts of our international operations to just strategically align the structure, as well as defer non-U.S. earnings. So as a result of the reorganization, we were able to utilize these tax credits to offset the transitionary costs as well as some ongoing costs. And so that's -- it's a GAAP entry. What you're going to have is it'll play itself out over the next 3 or 4 years, the utilization of those credits.
