David Zaslav: Thanks, Doug. Let me hit the first point. When I got here four years ago, there was no question this was, I believe, the best platform media company in the world. We have 13 channels here in the U.S. and an average of five in 180 countries. And so we’re on this march to build our brands, build our market share, and become a great content company, and we’ve really made a lot of progress with Discovery, TLC, now ID, Science, Hub and OWN. So the ones that we’re still looking at are, one, we have Fit but we’ve think we may have come up with a nice formula there. We have a substantial health library that the advertisers like that gets a nice rating – a significantly better rating than we were getting on Fit, and so we’re putting the health library, which is already paid for, on Fit and rebranding that Fit and Health. So we’re going to see how that goes. That’s a nice platform. If we can think of something else that would create more value—but in the meantime, we think that will be a big helper for us. And then we have Planet Green and Military. Military is one that we have thought for a long time maybe we should do something else with it. It has good sub fees, broad distribution. We gave it to Henry Schleiff about six months ago, and it’s continuing to grow pretty significantly. In January we saw a big uptick. So we’re going to see what Henry does with it, but we have some confidence that maybe Military can make it. Planet Green we’re probably going to do something else with. It has a fully distributed HD platform. It’s in almost 60 million homes. It has a broad program description, and we think that we could probably do something else with that that would be more meaningful. On the international side quickly, in most cases we only have two channels that are strong, except for Latin America where we have four channels that are in the Top 20. And so in most markets we have two or three channels that we think we can improve. Rolling TLC out around the world is a big swing to do that, and we’re finding some success; but the great thing about this Company is we do have a number of underperforming platforms that we’re going to be able to work on for the next several years.  On the OWN front, we’re very encouraged. First, we have strong advertiser support and long-term advertiser support on favorable terms. We have, I think, probably the best brand in media and a very engaged Oprah, who is a great creative and a great team builder with us; and we were also able to get a number of long-term cable deals, distributor deals done before we launched that both add some subs and give us some long-term stability in terms of economics.  So now we’re on this journey of building the network and finding the voice. Most of our original content hasn’t launched yet. We’ll be launching it over the next year and feathering it in, and then of course we have Rose and Oprah. And so with advertiser and distribution support, we believe this could be a very, very compelling asset and so you’ll see us—we’re going to invest another 50. We think we’ll be OIBDA break-even this year, but we look at it as a big growth engine over the next couple of years if we could find a strong voice and a strong audience, which we believe we can. This will be a very big business with good fees and good advertiser support.
David Zaslav: I’ll just hit it broadly. I don’t want to get into too much detail, but with all of the deals that we have in the U.S. and around the world with our distributors, they all have the same basic element to it, which is the distributor has the right to take our content, the full channel through to the TV set, period. And we own virtually all of our content. So to the extent that these other opportunities present themselves to move content around the home and move onto new platforms, we’re encouraged by that and we’ll be evaluating those to see which makes sense for us, how we do it, and what value we get for it. But we feel pretty good about the fact that we own our content and that the consumers seem to want to move content around to other platforms; and if the distributors want to do that with our content, they’re going to have to talk to us and we’ll work to figure out a value that works.
David Zaslav: Real Time is a network that we took off of—in Italy, we took off of the Fox platform and we made it a free-to-air; and we thought that we could generate over the long term some incremental value, and so it’s now a broadcast platform in Italy and it’s doing nicely as a Top 10 channel in Italy now for women.
David Zaslav: Just top line. We’ve been pretty aggressive about looking at all the opportunities, but we’ve been very careful about pulling the trigger and that’s because we think we have very good sustainable growth just by growing into our platform and taking advantage of the content that we own. Having said that, we do think we have a huge leadership opportunity outside the U.S. and so in terms of priority, we’re probably spending more time looking outside the U.S. We did this deal with the BBC which gives us a—we now own a fully distributed entertainment channel called Live in Latin America, and we were able to buy out the rest of Animal Planet and that was done at an 8-times valuation which we think helps us to grow Discovery faster. In terms of online, we were able to get how stuff works. We brought in a lot of search competency into our Company. We’re working hard on our own to build our online business more in the social media area, but that’s an area I’d put probably at the bottom of the list of where we would spend our dollars. And we’re going to be careful. If something presents itself where we think we can grow faster by doing a deal, we will do it; but as we look out over the next several years, we have a lot to do and a lot of opportunity to grow.
David Zaslav: Well, we don’t have any big deals coming up until 2012, and then they feather in. It’s not as if in 2012, all of our deals come up. What we’re trying to figure out is—what happened last year for two or three months, the number of subscribers in the U.S. actually went down a teeny bit, and so we don’t know what’s happening. There’s conjecture that a lot of it really had to do with the economy, and then we saw it pick up at the end of the year. So we’re kind of on a boat when it comes to the affiliate. We have good deals. The deals provide for us to get paid on incremental subs on all of our emerging networks. Every digital box that gets deployed has to add our channels, and so if the market actually picks up then we would get the traditional growth, we would get the digital growth through all of our subs. But the only new opener would be if there is a—if a distributor really wanted our content broadly other than through to the TV set, we’d have another conversation. Besides that, we’d be waiting until ’12, ’13, ’14 when our deals come up, and as you could see, our focus domestically and internationally is to strengthen our hand. You know, three years ago TLC was the number 20 network in America. Now it’s a Top 10 or number 8 channel for women in America. So if we could improve Animal Planet, improve ID, make Discovery stronger, Science, OWN – as we improve these channels, our hand gets better and we have more of an opportunity when those deals come up to say we have a bigger market share and we have more people that really care about our content, so we’ll have a stronger hand. But for the near term, it’s really how the industry grows, so we’re rooting for the distributors.David Bank – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thank you very much.
David Zaslav: It’s really too early to tell on the up-front side. Right now we have a very robust scatter in the first quarter which is stronger, and everybody has come. It’s very broad across all categories; so we’re seeing a first quarter better than fourth. And into the second quarter the strength is continuing, but we’re early into the second quarter. As Brad said, we’re not assuming it’s going to continue to be that strong all year. We hope it does. In terms of our up-front, we were down in Florida two weeks ago on the content side, getting ready for our up-front. We think we have a lot of good content to bring, but where the marketplace is, it’s too early to tell.David Joyce – Miller Tabak & Company: All right. Thank you.
David Zaslav: On OWN, we don’t have that much content on there, so there’s an enormous amount of repeating right now because a lot of our stuff hasn’t launched yet. And so we’re looking at the strength of the brand, we’re looking at the content coming up. I would say over the next six to 12 months as more of our content launches, when we get Rosie on the air, you will be able to see the strength of our original content and the creative vision that we’ve put together. And then when Oprah comes on, when Oprah is no longer available on broadcast and the place to see Oprah will be the channel, I think we’ll see another push. But for now, our focus is keep the content on brand, continue to invest. We believe strongly that there’s room for this niche here in the U.S. We’re launching in Canada in a few months, and we think there’s room for this channel in a number of markets around the world.
David Zaslav: No, no. Go ahead if you have another. It’s fine.Tuna Amobi – Standard & Poor’s Equity Group: All right. So a completely separate question, perhaps, for David. When you think about your digital strategy—you guys clearly have been leaders whether it’s HD or 3D. And yet when you talk to some investors there’s some perception out there, rightly or wrongly, that Discovery hasn’t been as aggressive as you can be on the new media front, whether it’s driving audience engagement on social media or even developing multimedia applications for things like gaming, whatnot. So it seems to me that your strategy—again, this isn’t meant as a criticism, but it seems overly conservative given the kind of content that you have. So within that context, can you perhaps articulate a little bit better what is it going to take for you guys to begin to more aggressively leverage this huge content that you have, which appears to be more relatively aggressive in that. Is it perhaps related to—I know you’ve talked about in the past of waiting for some kind of online measurement mechanism to be able to aggregate that. Is that something that would be a requirement? I know you’re also part of the CIMM, the measurement coalition. Any comments there in terms of the efforts there would be helpful to clarify that. Thank you.
David Zaslav: We have a lot of new stuff coming. A lot of our returning series are going to be—we’ll have more originals coming, which we feel good about, and then we’ll have some very good new content. So we’re feeling quite good about Animal Planet.
David Zaslav: What we’re hoping is—we’ve had networks that went 50, 60, 65. By getting ID up to 80 million homes this year and having its viewership grow – we were the number 29 network in the fourth quarter; in January, ID was the number 26 network for women. And so we’re focused on the fact that as that network is now reaching big numbers and big audience, that we have an opportunity to try and convert some significant upside over the next few years, and that’s what we’re going to try and do.
David Zaslav: But it does take—you know, once you’ve built an audience, in order to build the CPM it takes some time and the bigger your audience and the bigger your overall (inaudible), the more credibility you have. And that’s why we fought to get Science in almost 70 million homes and to get ID. We think 80 million homes is a big number, so when we have ID in 80 million homes and if it continues to be the number 26, 25, 27 network in America, then we should be moving toward getting more of our fair share of fair value.
Brad Singer: Jessica, it’s Brad. With regard to the margins in the fourth quarter, that was largely due to the timing of marketing spend. We had shifted some marketing spend from the third quarter into the fourth quarter to support the launches of TLC as well as Real Time in Italy, and so that’s what—our margins were a little bit lower than they would have been on a run rate basis.  Moving into 2011, we should still have margin expansion internationally. We are making investments in some of our growth markets, but that should be more than compensated by the revenue growth. 
Brad Singer: Okay. With regard to affiliate revenues internationally, they should be slightly higher than 2010. We did have a couple deals that were redone when we repositioned some networks, so we don’t have that as much of a drag on the comparisons, so they should be slightly higher. With regard to U.S. sales, the way it’s running right now in the first quarter is—I alluded, or I said outright, which was we do expect it to be stronger than the growth rates in the fourth quarter, and that’s when you exclude the deconsolidation of Health. If those trends continue over the course of the year, we should have very nice performance.
Brad Singer: Our target leverage is slightly higher than where we’re running now. We’d like to see it more 2.5 times. We have put a lot of money to work in the fourth quarter—you know, it was over 750 million, so we ate into the cash balances we had at the end of the third quarter that were over $1 billion, and they were in the mid-400s. So as we move through 2011, we’d like to deploy that capital. As David said, we prioritize it first into operations, second into productive M&A, and then third into thoughtful repatriation. And so we will be building towards that without a specific number to hit in terms of our financial position by the end of the year, but with a bias towards moving higher.
Brad Singer: You’d imply from it is that you’d have a continuation, as we said in the first quarter, of fairly strong sales trends, and the range would imply some moderation to potentially a little bit—to less moderation. So that’s how I would point to the ad sales. With regard to affiliate, our run rate in the fourth quarter would probably be slightly less into 2011 just due to the household formation numbers. We are encouraged the last few months – we’ve seen an improvement in the subscriber growth rates in terms of the fully distributed networks, and that’s how I’d say you should model it out.
Brad Singer: That’s correct, David. So that was looking back on the fourth quarter. As we look at the first quarter, our prime is up 11%. Our total rating is up less than that but still positive across the vast majority of our networks, and so you don’t have that drag that you had in the fourth quarter as it moves into the first quarter.
Brad Singer: Sure, Anthony. For 2010, the cash taxes were around 400 million. In 2011, as we said, they’ll be 275 to 350, and they may be more towards the low end of that. It all depends on what our domestic production is and how much it qualifies. And so what we have is you had a tax—we had to pay for prior accelerated taxes in 2010 because the law hadn’t been passed; and now that the law has been passed, we get to use the 2010 acceleration and the 2011. So you have a swing of well over $100 million in taxes that would be lower than where we would have been due to the passing of the legislation.
Brad Singer: Sure. I’ll take the first part and then Dave may comment on some of the others. With regard to the mix of our domestic revenues, even though the emerging networks still grow at—generally the top line grows at generally twice the rate of the more fully distributed networks, because of their sizes we still get 70% or so from the fully distributed networks. So that equation has not changed from our fully distributed networks.
Brad Singer: Well, Animal Planet makes quite an impact on the ad side. I mean, you’re talking about several hundred million dollars of ad revenue, so this isn’t a—this is not a small network.
Brad Singer: Sure, David. It’s two parts. One is the biggest driver is what I highlighted, I think, in our last earnings call, which is the amortization of programming is catching up with the last couple years of cash spend in programming. So that’s where you see that come through. The other component is what you just highlighted – we have approximately a $20 million in non-cash comp that as we move to a more traditional stock option RSU base, we deduct that from EBITDA. And those are the two big elements. We also are making select investments in growth areas, whether it is more in our emerging nets for international. Those expenses are contemplated in that guidance.
