Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes, good morning, Jessica. So listen, I could not be happier with the financial profile that you are seeing in this quarter. We're making a lot of progress and we're doing exactly what we said we were going to do. We continue to benefit from cost synergies. It was another quarter of margin increase, even though I had already spoken about sort of that coming to an end at some point and I had guided to $300 million to $400 million of negative impact from our startup investments in, in the digital space and we're seeing some of that kicking in. Peter Faricy is coming up on his first year, a lot of the initiatives are picking up speed and to your question on the International expenses. That's what's reflected in that expense number, Golf TV has started its global rollout. There’s obviously IP amortization coming through a digital in general, Dplay, we're pushing. You also had, you also had the consolidation of UK TV kicking in for one month, that's added on the like-for-like basis, a little bit of expenses. But bottom line is we're making these investments as initiatives start to accelerate and you're already seeing some impact on the revenue side as well. The very strong numbers in the second quarter, 5% in ad sales growth, 3% on the affiliate side, and maybe you just heard, we're guiding to an acceleration for both metrics. Obviously to some extent it is driven by the first, a contributions from those digital investments. So it's really-- it's really working very well for us. One last comment I want to make on segment expenses going forward. It's more, it's more insightful to look at the total company cost base because as we went through our transformation, we have shifted around a little bit in the cost base. So a lot of the expenses that JB is now carrying on the D&I segment are going to be leveraged as we roll out those products on a global basis. For 2019, the investments are somewhat D&I-heavy and that's going to, that's going to even out as we move forward. So again, could not be happier with where we are.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes, look I mean Drew a couple of points. Number one, we have been enjoying massive cost synergies from the integration with Scripps and obviously a lot of the U.S. footprint was sort of one-for-one overlap. So that's why you're seeing such a significant share of our cost out hit the U.S. Number 2 is, I made this comment a little earlier already, we got to look at this from a total company basis, because we've been. You see some increase in corporate expenses, which is sort of cost moving out of the U.S. segment. So, all in all, from a total company basis another 400 basis points of margin increase in the second quarter. And as I said, when we presented the first quarter results, we do not manage the company for margin. The reason why we're seeing that margin increase is just all that cost saving coming through, but it's not an objective for me to keep increasing margins over time it's much more important to make the right investments in the topline. And you're seeing some of that topline growth come through now, which I have guided to previously as well. That being said, if you look at the U.S. business, I see no reason for margins to decline in the core business there is none of that. However, as you know, we are working on a couple of investment initiatives. And as I said earlier, the first part is really hit D&I a little more in terms of incremental expense that may change next year when we start rolling out products like the BBC factual product some of those, - those are obviously also going to drive cost in the U.S. footprint, but again it's two very separate world, a highly efficient, highly cash generative core business that's in absolutely perfect shape. You've heard our guidance for both at an affiliate revenues gives us a lot of runway. And then the investments in future growth.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: We do see opportunities as you know, part of our strategy as we've bought the Scripps assets is to really try and take HG and food around the world and we see there is an opportunity there. We have selectively looked at, at bringing in either assets that help us rebrand UKTV's an example will bring in there to food and home channels into the portfolio on a consolidated basis, rebrand them HG and food network and then take those off and really try and drive that with the Scripps content as the bedrock of it. And then there is additional channel opportunities which we're looking at selectively to accelerate the core where we can buy a Channel positions or slots to get some of those channels launched in additional markets in addition to organic ways that we're doing it. So we do see opportunities on the sort of smaller mid-scale to tuck-in and rolling some things that we think can help accelerate our core business.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And then - Ben on your second question regarding scaling digital expenses it's obviously a little bit too early to talk about guidance for next year. But a couple of points I want to make that we have spoken about in the past as well. We will be flexible here and we're not afraid to get behind what's working if we won’t something. But just the same way, we've also pulled back on some other products where we didn't see the progress that we needed to get comfortable with additional investments. And so, expect us to be aggressive if we're onto something and very careful where we're not seeing the progress that we need. And again, if you look at it from a top down perspective spending somewhere between 5% and 10% of our underlying a, little bit up or for future growth it doesn't sound crazy. It's not betting the farm, but on the other hand it's enough to potentially make a difference - sooner rather than later.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes, I guess the only thing I'd add to David's point is I think a lot of also with Peter is brought in over the last year, which is maybe the less sexy and seemingly less but is absolutely critical look, we've been a great content company for three, over three decades and inherently in that great stories rely on great creative instinct and got the product side of the world, as you know well is much more of a databased environment and Peter has driven a discipline and a cadence now with all of our teams, which starts with the data, starts with everything we see with the data and trying to collect it in a way we can actually use it and using that to drive better UX better distribution, looking at stream quality, buffering rates, customer service response times all the kind of blocking and tackling elements of great product experiences that are still a little bit sort of for and to traditionally content media companies. He's brought a lot of that discipline and infused it or direct-to-consumer organization and frankly infused it across the entire leadership team and I think that's a lot of also what you're seeing in the biggest proof point of that is, I think you've heard us maybe talk about in deep play in the Nordics, part of our problem a year plus ago was we had a two star rated app that was not well distributed and over the course of the last six to nine months, we now, all of sudden have a four plus store rated app that is getting strong customer reviews, our customer response times have gotten better on feedback and responses to the consumer. And so part of the product piece of this is also been a huge improvement. We still got a long way to go, but it's a big step forward for us.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Well, it's certainly growing, again I don't want to go into and do a lot of detail, but it's certainly growing. And clearly, we have gone from some people calling out to have not, not even a year ago to best distribution in the entire affiliate landscape both traditional and virtual and you see that reflected in not only subscriber numbers, but also our revenue growth rate.
David Zaslav: Thanks Alexia. The Scripps transaction has really exceeded our expectations on all levels and you see that in our free cash flow, you see that in the fact that together their quality together with our quality on the leadership side, on the content side, that's what makes us the number one TV company in America for women and positions us to continue to grow in a meaningful way. When I think of scale I guess, I think of it two ways. One, we're the largest player in the international space. We're the - we're probably the only one, JB will give you a little bit more color making over $1 billion. But we’re - as the Disney and Comcast deals with Rupert show that the need to view the world as more than just the U.S. and be global. We have infrastructure in every country. We have content in every country. We have credibility and brands and IP in every country. And so scale, I think we have a leader outside the U.S. and we're also the leader in sport so and the quantity of sports that we have and et cetera. So on a scale side in terms of international and sport we are the bigger guy and there is a lot of players that are going to want to try and catch up to us. In terms of the genres we've chosen, we feel great about it right now - everybody going after script at movies. It's creating an environment that is creating more and more opportunity for us. I've said this before that I think where our share is going to accelerate, but there are so many choices for scripted series and scripted movies and you now have four or five offerings between $6 and $15. And then you have the broadcasters and the big entertainment services. And so to play in that space, they're going to have to get bigger and bigger in each of them is already kind of indicated they don't have enough IP. They need more stuff, they need more and more and more, and they're talking to us about giving them more, but we're not doing any of that right now we like owning all of our IP. We like the fact that we have great female friendly content mail content and in our genres in the area of food, we are the dominant player in the world. In the area of home, we are the dominant player in the world. In the area of natural history together with the fact that we bought the entire BBC library globally for more than the next decade, we have the majority of science and natural history. We are the dominant player in the world. In crime, we are the leader. So it depends on how you define things we’re number one for women and with the leader in each of these quality categories that we have chosen. And then we've picked new categories, which is character different categories, which is Oprah and Chip and Joanna Gaines. So I think we feel pretty good about where we are, we think we're going to continue to grow and as the ecosystem continues to have challenges. I think that challenge is going to be what do I want to watch, where do I get the next scripted series, how many of them do I have stacked up. This 50% of what people watch is that stuff the other 50% is us. And that's why I think our share is going to continue to grow and that's why I think from our perspective, what we're trying to do to scale up is buy more stuff - get more IP from the BBC, do Golf Digest and lock in Tiger Woods globally with us it's about getting reinforcing in our genres. And no one else is playing in our space. So we think we're in a very good position on TLC Howard Lee is having a great run two years ago - we were dealing with the TLC that was down for a period of 24 months. And Nancy Daniels and Howard Lee and I dug in this is what we do for a living. We have improved our leadership team now, even more with Kathleen Finch and a lot of the great people from Scripps. So these channels are going to go up and down. We got a great team now with discovery that we have a lot of confidence in. And SERENGETI if you haven't seen it, is I think the best thing that we have seen and some of the best natural history content globally that we pushed out. We put it on Discovery we actually took the last two minutes before SERENGETI started on Sunday and we did a 2-minute promo across every one of our channels. So if you're watching food, HGTV, ID and that's something we could do that no one does. At 8 o'clock - turn now to SERENGETI on Discovery and it did very well. We're going to get more of the L3, but it did very well and Discovery is back in its core natural history and with all of our BBC, IP, Planet Earth, Frozen Planet, Walking with Dinosaurs, Woolly Mammoths, we are really compelling and formidable.
David Zaslav: Okay, look, I think directionally in terms of the industry, this is another area where things are moving our way. You talked to Hans and he’s talking about 5G.You talk to Randall, he is driving 5G.What is 5G? 5G is not about being able to download a movie in six second in two seconds versus seven seconds, it's about providing real utility in value in the home. And the question is, okay, now that we got it. What do we do with it, and this is where the content that we have. If, whoever can own the kitchen is going to own the home and where the people spend money? They spend it in the home. They spend it on their home office, on their living room, on their kids room. And so we have these genres with food and cooking and with HG and now DIY will be relaunching as Magnolia with Chip and Jo. We have the greatest experts in both of these areas. We have credible - content needs to be curated, purchases need to be curated and if you, if you look at what everyone else is doing with scripted series and scripted movies, they're creating fantastic, robust, better than ever viewing experience is a script of movies and series and that's great. So you can watch Fleabag, which by the way is one of the - is one of the all three production companies, and one of the big hits on Amazon. So all you can do is view it. That's great. You can view it and laugh or cry but that's it. You just view it. Our content has a real ability to view and do or view and transact. So imagine a world where you've got a lot of people fighting for subscribers that people pay a monthly fee for and all they can do is view but our content has subscribers but they can also transact. That's true in food, it's true in home, it's true in Golf, it's true in cycling, and if you go back to the world that Malone helped create in terms of full circle,100 channels, and then he has HSN and QVC that he owned but in running QVC and HSN and creating a lot of shareholder value along the way, it was, it's completely inefficient and a lot of the people that were on food at home were going over and trying to get an audience to come over and spend time with them on QVC or HSN and buy stuff. Stuff that they really wanted that needed to be - that they wanted to know what is the - what's the best, what's the best kitchenware. And so what we can do over time and we're fighting like hell to do it is if we can aggregate these passion groups, not only are they going to view with us, but they're going to be able to do with us. So we view the home and 5G is, we're having discussions with everyone, how do we take all of our expertise, all of our talent or and all the content that we have and create some real utility. So I would say, stay tuned, but the Holy Grail to aggregate audiences globally that have a passion and then to be able to have them hit a button and go on to Golf vacation by the Golf clubs that they love, where we're Tigers wearing, get a recipe and get all the groceries. So that's what we're working on. We're working real hard on it and stay tuned.
David Zaslav: We're always looking opportunistically, but we don't see anything as significant at this point, Bruce Campbell and JB or we kick the tires on everything. We have the UKTV deal was quite good for us. I mean, maybe can you update on that and what you are looking at some of the things that you're, that you think could make sense.
David Zaslav: And there are some smaller players that are, that are coming to JB and saying much bigger. I have a lot of infrastructure and cost here. There are some things that we could do to get. And so in some cases you've created advertising country-by-country advertising groups and tucked-in some smaller players, what we've gotten the benefit of CPM. There all others that want us to do things for them. Who want to tuck-in with us because it's tough to be playing in this space in 200 countries when you have where you have to, where you don't have a lot of scale.
David Zaslav: Well, look, I have talked a lot about us aggregating IP and being the leading global IP company. We now have a company that's growing mid-single in its core business even against us investing significantly and holding on as Gunnar says. As you see the BBC Natural History Library, all of the, most of the PGA, most of the PGA and the European Tour, and most of the golf in the world. And so most of the cycle, a lot of the cycling in the world so we've been adding up all this IP because we believe being above the globe is going to give us a huge opportunity to create significant value. And if some of it works in ways that we think we could create real businesses that you guys give a huge multiple to. In order to do that and we've been trying it for a while. We've learned a lot. And what we are doing different than anybody else is we have core New Media and Digital people running these businesses now. We have had our existing - great TV, cable strategic business executives that we're doing all these things. A few years ago and we were in the trenches fighting, talking to consumers, dealing with platforms and in the end we said, we got to bring in the pros. And so, we brought in Peter Faricy who built marketplace and worked at Amazon for more than a decade. We brought - the best product people from Amazon over here. We brought two people from DIRECTV. One that built DIRECTV from 12 million subscribers to 20 that all about SAC and subscriber acquisition and Karen Leever and Alex Kaplan who built SUNDAY TICKET. And so, we brought people that do this for a living. And I saw this when I was on the Board of Sirius. It's a different business subscriber acquisition, so we have a whole new team and we've hired, we have well over 100 engineers. We have a whole team that we're building in Redmond. And so, we see that as a real separate company that is going to disrupt our industry, but we're not going to disrupt ourselves by getting somebody who ran Eurosport to now built the Eurosport player and build our golf business. We're hiring the people that - were disrupting us. And so, I think that gives us - one advantage but JB a little bit of color on your side.
David Zaslav: The last point is the cost of driving these. I've talked about this before, but we have all these channels. We have free to air channels with - equivalent of NBC and CBS in a number of markets in Europe. We have 10 to 12 cable channels everywhere. So people are watching us in these affinity groups already and we have scale. And so the ability to, we don't have to go out and buy and to tell people to sign up for a particular product. We can be promoting it from the ground up, which I think is a, as a real helper. And finally, in a really confusing environment, the real question for the future is curation. What the hell do I do? I got a choice of everything and so, you have - all the media saying come to me I got great movies in great scripted, let me tell you about this next great scripted series I have and spending a ton of money in order to tell people hey, come to Amazon. I got Fleabag. The Crown is back - re-subscribe or don't churn. And for us we have existing infrastructure so, and that's one of the reasons that the PGA came to us. For a fan company you have to have existing infrastructure and we have personalities. When people don't know how to curate they go to personalities’ that's been true for long as time. And so, you want to know what's going on in golf, Tiger Woods I talked to the PGA players. If you want to know what's going on in the home talk to Chip and Joanna Gaines they'll curate it for you. You want to think about how to make your life better come talk to Oprah and she will make a lot of recommendations for you about what you can do and what she loves. And so, we're a company of those - we think those personalities are going to be real bridges to curation, the Property Brothers.
David Zaslav: Can I add one point Michael, I mean if you remember back when we close the deal. We talked about this international Scripps opportunity as sort of three layers. The first layer being the cost savings that we got very quickly then utilizing the content on our existing platforms and then, we said that launching the networks was going to take some time. And we're now at the point where we're actually seeing some of that happening and contributing to our numbers.
David Zaslav: We learned a lot, the way people consume content on a small screen is very different. You don't go to a TV and rub your finger on it and expect it to get an update. And when you get up in the morning and you're paying for something you expect to see something. So one of the things that we learned very early on is that you need, you need IP, it needs to be updated regularly and we also began to understand that the definition of IP is different than what we thought. We thought it's just professional content, it's Planet Earth, then it's frozen Planet or it's live content on the PGA or the U.S. Open. That is maybe one of the reasons that they're buying it. But one of the other reasons is that they are passionate about the particular area. They're in. So the reason we bought Golf Digest, and the reason that we did the deal with Tiger and the reason that we have a lot of the PGA players working with us is the short-form content that they create every day. What they're eating for breakfast. What they're working on, what they hate about their game or content that their teddy takes of them on the hitting practice shots or trick shots. That's all IP. What they're worried about in writing is IP and so one of the - what Peter had to build and what we're building, we brought one of the best technical people over from Amazon, is our Chief Technology Officer, is this idea of one global platform that we can use for natural history, for Golf, for science and it's, we're investing up but it's a lifetime global value that we can put on that. And so we learn that you need to multi-published through the day, we learn that you need real usable bite sized content in addition to the long-form content, so Golf Digest is a great example of people are hanging around, they want to see what are the best clubs. What are the best drivers. They want to take a planning lesson. They want to learn about where to take a Golf vacation in Australia and Golf Digest has all of that. And when we bought that we also got the authority on Golf in the world. Jerry Tardy and the greatest editorial staff, the greatest photo library on Golf and then we put it together with the PGA and so we would have never done that before, but we understood that just owning the tours was not enough. And so, and then we can - so that’s one. And the second thing we learned is if you're in passion groups. We have an opportunity that the rest of those guys don't have and that's free funnel, that's advertiser driven and pay. So ultimately, what you might see for Natural History, what you might see for science or for Golf or for cycling or for Chip and Jo is you have a funnel like Eurosport.com is free, gets 30 million people a month come there, that's, that really is an advertiser platform. And so ultimately maybe there is a 100 million people that come to Golf for free, but they are kind of pre-screened. They are they because they love Golf, they want to see scores, they want to see what people are wearing, they want to see what's going on in the Golf world and we've aggregated then all those people that love Golf, that's an advertising platform. That's like a global broadcast network for Golf. We're global broadcast network for home, the Chip and Jo are doing and that's free but we make advertising dollars. That's the new broadcast network of the future and instead of being trying to be something for everyone, they are hanging out there and they go there, all the time. That's number one. And then, of those people, how many of them want to be able to take the free Golf lessons from Tiger Woods? How many of them want to be able to see all the tours and see them and see them live on their device, maybe it's 10% of them, maybe it’s 3%, maybe it's 40%, but that's the pay model. And so we end up, you're not going to have a lot of people hanging around for free monetizing with advertising on Netflix, but for us we have this ability to create a massive funnel and we've already done it with Eurosport.com. We are, where the leader around in Europe, what people come and they hang out with us for free. We don't think that that's a little thing. We think that could be a huge thing if we aggregate people that love these affinity groups and advertise it and put sponsors on it and then you go up to the next level and you pay but we created a whole ecosystem.
David Zaslav: And look the marketplace here in the U.S., it's yearning for sports and retrans slammed down, prices going up every year, extenuating you will - you pay for the sports network then you pay for the regional sports network and a sport and then every broadcaster also has their own sports network and then they use sports to drive retransmission and the ratings on every one of them is going down. And so there is, there is a reckoning, there’s a slam down, that's going to come and when that slammed down comes, the consumers in the U.S. are going to get the content that they want, and the content that they spend time with, and then we're going to be like every other country in the world where we will have a $20 or $25 service. I don't have the services that people want and will have, will have a huge piece of that because we have the quality of content that people like that they're spending time with and they are not being forced to carry us. They're coming to - every one of those platforms came to us, because we were the top choices of the consumers, but every one of them is being forced to carry retrans being forced to carry regional sports and forced to carry those sports networks. And there is a reckoning coming because the consumers don't like it and, all of those MVPD's that are stuck with those fees are pissed and it's going to come a moment when it's enough and that's what you're seeing now you're saying it's enough, I'm looking at the numbers and it's enough.
JB Perrette: Well I think on the golf piece particularly Drew the great news there is also it’s a bit of a two-for-one. We have the great traction that Alex and the team has developed on the product itself in our direct consumer app. And as you said, its early days, but we're seeing great traction and pick up in the first 6 months of the year as the product is launched. And it's also helping us on our core traditional business which is, I know you've heard us talk about the fact that in markets like Japan and Spain where those markets were up earlier this year. Not only do we expand our relationship on the direct to consumer side, but we leveraged it for our entire portfolio to expand and strengthen with great revenue on our core. We have other key markets like Korea for example to come up next year. And that's a market that today in the Discovery legacy business is way under served. It's a very small market for us and we're using those conversations there to see if we can actually develop additional channel opportunities in our core business. And so you're seeing that 2 for 1 opportunity of great digital and direct to consumer traction that it will take - continue to take time and accelerate over time. But also more immediate impact of helping our core business through traditional affiliate relationships and broadcast relationships in those markets which are allowing us to launch and accelerate the growth in a couple of those markets.
JB Perrette: Yeah, I think Ben, to your question and to the early question also about how we see scale. The reality is we don't look at - in the traditional lens we look at our competitors is the normal lot that we talk about the Disney’s and NBC the CBS. In the direct-to-consumer world, all of them are trying to build out these supermarkets a video and it's very expensive and so far very cash flow negative. Our strategy and that space is frankly less about them as competitors and more about building out what we sort of look at as much more specialty stores. And in those specialty stores unlike them, we're building out services that are only watch, we are watch, play, learn buy and that's how we see ourselves is very different. And we do see ourselves of having a portfolio of these some may be over time 10 million, 20 million, 30 million, 40 million, 50 million subs some maybe single-digit million subs. But that portfolio in aggregate, we think has huge potential when you roll it out globally.
JB Perrette: So for the international share and audience growth is really driven by 2 or 3 factors. Number one is, our core organic content, we've been working hard to try and improve the performance of it local commissioning, better investment reviews on a content commissioning and re-commissioning. And so, we're seeing stronger performance of our organic particularly local content in some of our biggest markets. The second is, we've obviously been a year into making the Scripps content work hard largely initially on our own networks to try and strengthen and see how we can actually introduce audiences, because I think part of this that people forget is a lot of these content types in some markets where the content was not yet seen you need to introduce it. We've seen this in Latin America, where we had the Scripps content actually licensed in on our networks for several years and it took almost 18 to 24 months initially in those markets several years ago to get the audiences' introduced to it - accustomed to it and then liking it. And what's great is we track now month to month the performance since we started hearing this content in sort of third and the second quarter, third quarter last year. Ad we've seen continuous improvements in the performance of the content on our existing networks. So that's the second sort of key driver. The third is, we are obviously now seeing opportunities to launch whole channels, which you've seen us do in Germany. We're obviously rebranding in the UK with the UK TV assets. We've launched a series of channels, we have commitments for more launches in Latin America for HG and food to get those channels, almost 50% plus distributed across the market. And so we're seeing a big opportunity there. The monetization is coming I'd say we've only seen the beginning of it, because at the end of the day we've seen the beginning of it from a licensee perspective in the markets where we launched those channels as pay. And the audience improvements where we put the content on our existing networks. But what we haven't seen yet, which Dave talked to which the team here in the U.S. do so well is really the strength of these assets is the endemic categories that they own and the ability from an advertising perspective, sell sponsorship and high CPM packages to these endemic categories. And that's the piece that we're continuing to rework and we see great upside over the next several quarters as we get better and better internationally at selling that endemic category uniquely now that we have the channels of the product, working better over time. So we see continued growth on the distribution side and we see an accelerating growth from the beginning to be able to monetize those audience as much better in this endemic categories.
