David M. Zaslav: The free-to-air has really helped us in a slow market in Western Europe, no doubt. And it's because our model is quite good. We own all the content in those markets. And in particular, those markets have small pay-tv. So we're able to take content that only a small amount of the population has seen. And we'll pick up a stick or a broadcast network at a very low price, and then we could put content that cost us very little. For instance in Spain, we have very little original content; it's almost all library. And we've seen a lot of growth with Discovery MAX in Spain, and it's continuing to accelerate. Real Time in Italy is continuing to grow. It's now the #7 network in all of Italy. We also launched a men's network in Italy and our German free-to-air. It's a small piece of our overall strategy, but it's been very healthy for us because our costs are very low. And we have teams on the ground. They're already setting across multiple channels. And so it's given us a more heft and it's given us a more scale in those markets. It's not -- it really only works in markets were that pay-tv market is quite small. But we're starting to -- we are continuing to see growth, and I think that will help us over the next year or 2 in Western Europe. And when the market actually starts to pick up, you'll see an acceleration because of the number of channels that we have in that market.
David M. Zaslav: One of the things that we do is, first, we have a different strategy than a number of other media companies. We're real believers that you could still build channels, and with good stories and good creative people and great characters, you can attract real audiences to these new channels. We've had real success by investing in Animal Planet, in Science, ID, which is now the #6 network in America for women. And so we have been investing in about 7 channels, but we have 13. And so what we're trying to do is in the channels that we haven't figured out yet exactly how to grow, we're reducing our spend. And on the channels that we think we have the right recipe, we're increasing it. One of the advantages we have with the channels that we've been leaning into, which is ID and Animal Planet and Science, is that all 3 of them play very well around the world. We have Science now in over 150 countries. We've launched ID in the last year to over 130 countries. And we have Animal Planet in almost 200. And so when we invest, we view it as a worldwide investment because we could take it all over the world. But we are very careful, and in some of the channels that aren't generating significant value, where we don't feel like we have the right brand or the right recipe, we're holding back.
David M. Zaslav: On ID, I think we really have a very strong horse here that's going to deliver sustainable growth for a long period of time even if the ratings don't grow and they grew 30% in the last quarter, and we expect they will grow aggressively because we have a strong niche and we've seen growth every week and every month for the past 4 years. But the reason is that the CPM that we're able to get for that, for ID, is still quite low. And because of the way that the marketplace works domestically and internationally, it takes a few years before you can earn up the full value of your CPM. And so we started ID, when we flipped it from Discovery Times, it was probably getting 1/3 of the CPM that a successful cable network gets. And so little by little, we've been pushing it. And we've had some success, but a lot of the upside over the next 2 to 3 years -- I mean, right now the kind of ratings that we're delivering in daytime in women is just very valuable and the spread between what other cable networks are getting and what we're getting is really very, very significant. And so that'll take a couple of years. We also think we'll get the growth of that. And in terms of the amount of growth that it's provided for us in the last few years, it's small. In fact, there's been margin compression over the last few years because we've been investing in ID. And so the next 2, 3 and 4 years is when you're going to see the big benefit of that because we have successful series that are returning, but more importantly, the CPM is growing and it continues to grow every month and we're going to be patient with it. But that's going to be a sustainable grower for us. But behind that, we do have a number of networks that are continuing to grow. We have Science Channel that's growing very effectively for us. Animal Planet was the #30 or 32 network in America for men. It's broken now; it's now the #18 network for men in September. And so we're seeing a lot of growth because we're believers in investing in our content and the creative teams that we have here at the company. And if you take a look at where we are, we've said that we're trying -- over the last several years we're going to drive Discovery. We felt we were the best platform media company in the world, but what we really needed to do is build the right creative culture. And we think we're well on our way to doing that. And our strategy was to lay low in the Olympics and then come out strong with our creative content and build from there. We were strong out of the Olympics. We had a great September. And October was the best October Discovery has ever had. We were up 17% across the board in an industry, a cable industry, that was down a few percentage points and broadcast down. And so I think we're going to continue to push on that. But if we can continue to grow our market share like that over the next several months, in 1 year or 2 ahead, you're going to see very big sustainable growth, particularly as we take a lot of that content around the world. So Andy, on the...
David M. Zaslav: Okay. Well, we've been very careful because we're looking -- we only want to buy assets if we think they can help us grow faster because we have so much sustainable growth we think in the 13 channels we have here in the U.S. and maybe more importantly, in terms of our strategy, our international advantage. But the key to our company is dual revenue stream. That's the key to our domestic and international business. The reason why we're so profitable with free-to-air is because we have 8, 10, 11 dual revenue stream channels in a lot of these markets that we've been in for 5 or 10 years and we have a ton of content that's all paid for in those markets. And so free-to-air is really a very different model than when you think about free-to-air. We're not buying a free-to-air channel and then creating original content and buying content. So for us, free-to-air there is sort of an accessory, and I think long term it will stay that way. And free-to-air is not the core of how we see ourselves as a company. So -- and as we look at M&A, I would say -- as I've said over the last few years, our #1 target is international. We've grown our International business from 2007, we were making $250 million. This year, we'll make significantly more than $700 million. Our margins are expanding. The subscribers are growing. We're well positioned. But most importantly, we've got great teams on the ground in most markets now selling for us, and I'm spending over 40% of my time outside the U.S. because I think that's a lot of where the future and the differentiator of our company is. So to the extent that we could find assets outside the U.S. that'll help us grow faster, that we can evaluate quickly, that we have real synergy with, that would be our first priority. Having said that, we haven't been -- we don't want to overpay and we haven't been able to find those assets yet, but we're hopeful.
David M. Zaslav: Okay, great. We have a little bit less than 20% of our deals coming up and they come up over the next 5 years. But we feel very good about where we are. Our ratings across the board on our channels have never been this strong. Discovery is very solid. TLC has broken out. We have Animal Planet, strong. Maybe more importantly, as you look at all the additional channels we have, we have Discovery Español, the #1 channel to the Hispanic audience for men. We have Science with a great affinity audience. We have Velocity with an affinity male audience, so we have ID with middle-aged and older women. So we have a great diversity. We have great affinity groups. But more importantly, it's a far cry from where we were when we did our deals, where we had a strong Discovery, when TLC was the #20 or 25 network in America and then we had 11 more channels. And so all of our channels come up at once. Our market share was about 4%. Now it's over 9% and growing. And we have a great equitable argument, where we have reduced the overall cost of how we spend our money everywhere but content and brand. And we're spending a lot more money on our channels. And it's delivering for the operators. And so we feel that this is a good moment for us. It's been our strategy to make our channel stronger than grow our market share. And I think it's happening at a very good time. And we expect that it will be recognized with meaningful value from the distributors because they're meaningful value from us.
David M. Zaslav: We don't like to talk about negotiations. What I would say is that we think that we should be getting significantly more value from the operators for our channels. That value will come primarily in terms of increased sub fees. But there are other ways that the distributors can give us value, either with -- for instance ID was in 48 million homes 4 years ago; today it's in 80 million homes, Science was in 45 million homes; today it's in 72 million homes. So more carriage for our channels as well. But we're in some of those negotiations. We're looking forward to them. In addition, there are a number of operators that are interested in TV Everywhere. We haven't done TV Everywhere deals with anybody. The good news for us is we own all of our content. We created a new window for Netflix, which is working quite well for us, primarily 1.5 years to 2 years and older. The TV Everywhere window is tighter than that. And that, if we do reach deals, that will provide additional value and that could potentially accelerate when we do our deals. And one of the things that you see in the performance of the company is a little lumpiness in the way that the Netflix deal comes through. It's a very favorable deal for us. That deal -- we haven't seen any degradation in audience. In fact, for some of the series that we've provided that are much older, we're seeing some lift. And as you know, we have a right next year in the beginning of the year to opt in to another year of the Netflix deal on very attractive terms, which if we elect would then be again lumpy with a very big lump next year for that additional year that we opt in to.
David M. Zaslav: It's hard to tell. I think that our strategy clearly is different. We have invested significantly in about 7 channels. Primarily 6.5 years ago, when I got here, this company was primarily Discovery. And so we've invested in TLC, which is now a top 5 network for women. We've invested in Animal Planet. We've invested in ID, a top 10 network in America. We've invested in Velocity, Destination America, OWN. So we're believers. We believe that viewers are not -- that if our strategy was just to make sure that we held or would grow 1 network or 2 networks, that, that -- that a better bet is to try and grow those 2 networks, but also invest in a number of other brands that people get comfortable with and spend time with. And it's been working for us domestically and internationally. I think it helps that as you look at the way people watch television, on Friday night, we're the #1 network for women on TLC, we're the #1 network for women on Sunday nights, that often when you ask women what shows they watch, they can name one show. But they know that TLC gets them and that's the place to go. The same thing for Discovery on several nights. People love ID and they can't name the shows, but they just want to hang out there. And so I think that the fact that people are spending more time with brands on television, and as you see broadcast coming down, we're seeing real growth. And so we believe that, that's probably going to continue. I can't speak to what's going to happen to broadcast, but we certainly see a trend that our brands are growing. And a better job we do with the characters and the stories and understanding who our audience is on each of these channels, we're able to grow. I mean, 17% growth in October is really significant, but if you look at the last 3 years, our market share has grown virtually -- has grown literally every quarter over the last 3 years, and we're starting to accelerate now. We did have a soft patch, which we talked about, at Discovery and TLC, which it showed itself in this quarter. In July, TLC and Discovery were soft, and we made a very determined strategy that we were not going to use our best content during the Olympics, particularly after the first day or 2 where the Olympics came out strong. So we -- domestically and internationally, we said we would stand down. But our strategy was as soon as the Olympics ended, we were going to come back strong and we believed because the audience was disenfranchised in terms of what they watch and how they watch it for 3 weeks, because everyone was watching the Olympics, that we would be able to pick up market share. And it has really worked for us and it's accelerating. And so we're going to continue with that strategy because I think that's how we're going to grow domestically and around the world.
David M. Zaslav: And when you think about OWN, not only is the overall performance, economic performance, stronger, but the ratings are stronger and there is this moment where you're fighting to get people -- people only watch 6 or 8 channels, you're fighting to get people to spend time with your channel. And OWN has begun to really find a rhythm. The length of view is the second highest in our portfolio, so when people find it, they hang with it and they like it. Oprah has been very -- working very hard. She's on the air much more often. But more importantly, we're getting a lot of our rating points right now from Ilanya and from Sweetie Pie's and from a lot of the other original hours that we have on OWN. And we're -- our hit rate is dramatically higher. We were trying to figure out what OWN is and with a lot of time by the leadership there, Sheri Salata and Erik Logan and Oprah herself, and talking to the audience through oprah.com. We have a good sense of what they want. Now we're giving it to them. And so let's get the stuff out that's wrong. Let's do more of what's right. And then when you add to that, as a topping, Tyler Perry, maybe one of the great talents in Hollywood because he writes, he produces, he stars in. We went down to visit his facility in Atlanta. He does it all himself. We writes it all himself and he has a great relationship with Oprah. This is something that Oprah really wanted. We really wanted it. Tyler wanted it. I think it's going to create more balance, more humor, more diversity on the network. And if you think about it, Tyler Perry and Oprah Winfrey together on OWN. And so we're feeling quite good about that and next year will be a good year.
David M. Zaslav: Yes, first, we've been finding a lot of success, Michael with -- we have 3 series on TLC that are getting almost a 3 rating, some of -- 2 of them getting actually over a 3 rating. We have a lot of returning series. And for us unlike a lot of the other models, when we get returning series, the additional cost on return is not that high. And we won't have to go out and look for a lot more content on a number of these brands because we have a lot more returning, and so that's pretty efficient. And we're not going to be reducing. We just -- the increase is going to be -- we're not going to need to increase in a meaningful way. If we feel that we do because there's a big opportunity, we will. But we're getting -- we're much more efficient. We've also worked very hard over the last several years to get really good creative teams in place. We've made lots of mistakes. We've learned from those mistakes. And so -- and we have a really good sense of the brands at this point, probably much better than we ever have. It's still a hit or miss business, but we're feeling much better about where we are. And with more returning, we have much more confidence in the sustainability. When you look at Discovery, 4 years ago, it was Dirty Jobs, it was Man vs. Wild and it was MythBusters. Today, we have 5 series now that -- some of those are gone, and we have 5 series that are bigger than all 3 of those put together. Gold Rush is bigger than 3 of those series all put together. And so our series are fresher. And that's true across the board with ID. Henry's got a great formula. So we just think we could be more efficient and effective and less waste.
David M. Zaslav: Okay. The Hub is doing great, by the way. It's up over 60% in the last quarter, and Margaret Loesch is doing a terrific job. Quickly, we have great optionality if the company was to be acquired. We have kind of one-way optionality in terms into what we do, which gives us some good flexibility. But the business is doing very well, and we're happy with it. On Tyler Perry, it's really consistent with their vision. If anything, we were much too teachy [ph] and preachy and earnest when we started. And the mission for Oprah and I now is that we have a lot of great stuff like Super Soul Sunday and Life Class and Master Class. But we also -- we're having a lot of fun with Sweetie Pie's and with Tyler's type of stuff and with lot of content that's on there. And the audience said to us, "We want to have fun, we want to laugh, we want to see families. We want to see families struggle and we want to see families have fun. And we want some comedy." And so Tyler I think fits squarely within. And we're also getting a very large African-American audience on OWN, dramatic African-American audience. There was -- when Oprah interviewed Rihanna, we had more African-American women watching OWN than ABC, NBC, CBS and FOX put together. And so Tyler appeals to everyone, but that appeal to the African-American audience will be another helper.
David M. Zaslav: Yes, the domestic advertising market, it feels quite strong now. There was a period for about 2 weeks where the volume, the pricing was there, but the volume wasn't there. We did hold price. But the volume has come back and the price is still more than double-digit over high double-digit over upfront. And so we're feeling good about that domestically. Internationally this quarter, we had 10% ad growth, which for us was a drop. But we have good visibility into next quarter. And we expect that it will be mid-teen -- well in the mid-teens or better. The market feels quite strong for us. As you look at last quarter, we faced a couple of issues. One was the Olympics. We clearly made the strategy that we weren't going to do original programming domestically or around the world, and so that hurt us. It hurt us I think in a good way because we've come back strong, but there's no question that those 3 weeks did have an impact. And the fact that the Olympics went across most of Europe in real time probably had more of an impact than maybe something like Brazil will have, which was a different time zone and the Winter Olympics is always much smaller. In addition, interestingly, we found strength in most markets with the exception of Asia. So really what it was, was the Olympics in Asia. And Asia was 2 or 3 campaigns that moved out of the third quarter. And so we saw a significant movement. Asia now looks good, and we feel good about next quarter, when we expect that we'll be returning to mid-teens or better. And you'll see the growth trajectory continue as you would expect.
David M. Zaslav: Yes, Michael, that is what we're seeing, so for instance, Brazil and Mexico are growing aggressively, but they're going after the C Class. And so where we might have in Brazil, we have 11 channels. And we have 5 of the top 20 channels in Brazil. And all of those channels were carried, but we made the decision that in order to kind of opt in to the C Class, where they're only offering 25 channels, that we would allow for 4 or 5 of our channels to be carried out of 20 or 25 or 30 rather than trying to push 11, because we didn't think we'd get them all in. Others have decided not to participate and we think that was a mistake because we're seeding our brands all around the world and we're putting our best brands forward in those smaller tiers. And what's happening is not so much in Brazil, but more in Mexico and more in Russia, that those little by little, there's a kind of a grow-up where you start with your 30 channels and then they're trying to get you to come up to the 50 or the 60. And so we'll get the advantage of that. And we'll also continue to get the advantage of the growth, but a lot of the growth is in C Class in some of these emerging markets. And so we may be getting less, but the growth is really substantial and it's important that we're a part of it and it builds our relationship with the distributors in all those markets because we have actually more market share among the C Class because of the strategy of pushing down into it.
David M. Zaslav: I think some of the best things that we've done at Discovery is create a culture where you raise your hand and you say that what you felt was your best idea is not the best idea. Ultimately, the best idea's what audience likes and what nourishes them in our business. So when I got here, TLC was the #23 or 24 in American. And we hired a whole team to go out to LA, and it was my strategy that if we made TLC sexier and cooler and hipper that we'd go from the #24 channel to a top 10 channel. We did that, and 6 months later, TLC was the #30 or 32 network in America. We lost 1/3 of our audience and the people that loved TLC left. And we took a hard look at what the TLC brand was and what we did wrong, and it led us to a great recipe. What we did wrong was that TLC is about middle America, it's about real values, it's about heart, it's about great storytelling, about families that live a life that's different than the way they live in New York and LA. And I had to go back to the board and say, I made a mistake. This isn't the right team. We got to make a change. We hired Eileen O'Neill. We drilled down for another 3 months on what the brand was. And we found a very unique strategy in TLC, which is forget New York and LA. TLC is about middle America and it's about heart. And here we are now. We had one point last month where 3 nights a week we were the #1 cable network in America for women with Honey Boo Boo, with wedding programming on Friday and on Sunday night with Long Island Medium and Breaking Amish. Sunday night's still the most competitive night on TV. We're averaging over a 3. So that was one. Two was Planet Green, which I really thought that I looked at FOX News, I looked at the fact that it was a new idea of having an affinity group that was built-in, that was had a certain way of looking at the world and that we could do the same thing by creating a channel called Planet Green that was about the environment. And we spent a fair amount of money and we had to raise our hand and say it's not working. And so we shut it down and we relaunched it as Destination America and we spoke to the audience about what they want, we spoke to advertisers and distributors and we came up with Destination America and it's up dramatically and we're making more money. And so that's the way the culture works here. And I think we've gotten better at it. It even works on a micro basis. We waste a lot of money by continuing to do shows that we think are good ideas but halfway through we figure out are not so good. But we continue to do them. And so we now have a creative culture that's more about raising their hands and say, "Let's shoot this, it isn't going to work and let's do something that the audience is going to like better."
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, David, regarding your question of the one-time item a year ago, in the fourth quarter we announced or disclosed that we had about $5 million one-time pickup from ADU [ph] recognition kind of in the fourth quarter. That's non-recurring on the fourth quarter this year.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, Jessica, we've had a few weeks of softness in early October. It's stronger now and the volume has picked up. But there were a couple of weeks in the early parts of October that were a little soft.
Andrew C. Warren: Just to add one comment to David's notion on Netflix. While that not only gives us great opportunity to monetize some of our library, it is very lumpy from a P&L perspective. But from a cash flow perspective, it's extraordinary. And those cash flows are more steady throughout the period of time. So it allows us to really maximize the value of our cash flow. And if you look at the third quarter, our free cash flow was up 12%. That's very much driven by that. And so the cash flows of Netflix really is -- and Amazon, both really have a great cash profile.
Andrew C. Warren: No, Ben, what we said was programming expense to be up $50 million to $60 million next year as we amortize the increased investment we made this year. So as I've said, I think on this call and prior calls, we have invested in content this year, obviously getting a great payback on that, given our international growth and given the ratings we're seeing across our platforms. But we will have an amort pickup next year as we expense the cash we spent this year. But very importantly, we expect next year's cash spend to be reduced significantly from this year. A lot of that is driven by the fact we've increased the number of original hours on our core programs, so therefore, we don't have as much of that next year year-over-year, so we should have a much more levelized [ph] low level of cash increase on CapEx.
Andrew C. Warren: Well, it's double digit on both. And so the expectation is double-digit increase on amort next year, but low-single digit on cash next year.
Andrew C. Warren: Sure. Todd, on the first question regarding OWN, the losses were higher but they were noncash losses. The first part of the loss we knew about. We talked it in the last call about higher marketing and we're getting a payback, now if you look at the 60% increase in ratings. The second part there, the losses that flowed through Other income line, were content write-offs at OWN. As the new content is performing so well, we're just writing off some old library products. And so that's flowing through that. But again it's important to note that's noncash. The real key emphasis on OWN right now is the progress we're making on the funding piece. In the first half of OWN, we funded $84 million; in the third quarter, only $29 million; and in the fourth quarter we look for less than that. So we're clearly in line with our 2012 funding being less than '11. And so the progress we're making there both from an operating and ratings perspective is tremendous. But really from a cash flow perspective we're really right on, if not better than, what we highlighted 6 months ago.
Andrew C. Warren: And, Todd, regarding your tax comment. It's well said. You often take a step back to move forward on tax. We did transfer intangible assets from the U.S. to the U.K. Those transfers had some temporary increases in the effective tax rate based on how we recognized that transfer, if there's a gain associated with that. But long term the effective tax rate goes down from that and there's other things we're pursuing as well given our global structures. So what I can say is this: today we're about a 36% effective tax rate both cash and effective. My goal is really to get that down 700 basis points and the goal being kind of the low 30s.
Andrew C. Warren: Sure. Well, the Creative Sound Services was about $75 million of revenue and so that's fully eliminated. The mark-to-market is about $20 million given the increase in our stock price. And so those are kind of the 2 higher. And then tax, the tax is slightly higher based on the adjustments I just talked about. The transfer of some of the intangibles creates a short-term effective tax rate increase.
Andrew C. Warren: Okay. We did not actually update the free cash flow, Anthony. But it's still looking at about $1 billion for 2012. With regard to '13, we'll provide more perspective on '13 on the year-end call. But the only thing I'll highlight as far as a different thought as you model year-over-year, think in terms of less, well, a slight increase in content spend, certainly less of an increase than we had in 2012. So it will be slightly up but up a whole lot less than we had this year. But again, we'll provide much more perspective and granularity on that on the year-end call.
Andrew C. Warren: Well, that's only an expectation. Right now, we don't have a preview on where rates are going. FX has been a real bad guy for us this year. I mean, a multi-tens of millions of impact on OIBDA. And we have so many different moving currencies that affect us. So today, that's been certainly negative impact, but right now we're not looking at or forecasting any big change between now and year end.
Andrew C. Warren: Well, Michael, I mean clearly the business is performing at or better than we had hoped it would and when we provided that perspective 6 months ago, we're right in line with again if not better than we had thought. But we're not going to really get into 2013 right now. Just to clarify, we really talked about a breakeven in the second half of '13. And we'll update some of that perspective and guidance on the year-end call. But the business is clearly performing and performing at or better than we had hoped.
Andrew C. Warren: Sure. Well, Vasily, on the stock repurchase, like what you saw, we did over $450 million in the third quarter. Now as we look at how we allocate capital, first and foremost is to drive organic growth. Secondly, it's about finding perhaps the right acquisition and the right allocation of capital preferably internationally. And then thirdly, if we maximize the first 2, we'll continue to look at returning capital to shareholders through share repurchase program. So look, I've had a bullish view on this. I use free cash flow per share as the model we use internally to determine kind of the IRR. And to date, that's been a good return for us and we continue to be an active buyer of our stock. If you look at the -- in the October timeframe, we had a predetermined grid going into October because that's a close window for us. And as the stock performed nicely and went up, we're buying fewer shares as you would expect from a grid like that. But look, for us it's all about forward-looking free cash flow per share and buying off that to expectation, with again that being the third allocation of capital relative to organic growth and acquisitions.
