David Zaslav: Great. Thanks, Doug. Good morning, everyone. We were very surprised with how T-Mobile decided that they were going to bundle our networks, particularly because we have a clear agreement where our networks are required to be carried on all their basic tiers OTT offerings. So let's just characterize it this way. We're in active discussions with them to quickly resolve that issue. We don't believe they have the right to do what they're doing right now. And they know, it's very clear to them, and they're focused on it.
David Zaslav: We're going to go into real detail. We're going to do an extensive discussion with full disclosure in early December, which we're super excited about, where we'll take you through in every category, where we're going, how we're going, why we think we're advantaged, how globally we think we can attack it, who's helping us. We have been -- the whole company has been focused on this. So I'd like to -- it's in early December, we'll come out with the whole package. I think you'll like it very much. We've had the benefit of being at this for a very long time, direct-to-consumer around the world in different ways. We've learned a ton. We see areas where it's really working and why it's working. And so, what you'll see will be the benefit of all of that. And as you know, as we announced at our last call, and as you saw, as we talked about this morning already, we certainly recognize the value of having distributors, multiple distributors, multiple distributors supporting. And distributors have recognized the value of having unique content that helps their platforms. And a good example of that is Sky, as well as multiple distributors across Europe that we've already announced that will be helping us. Just one other point. We've had a really strong year on this issue of how do we get great content to people, engage them in our brands, grow our viewership. And it's really reflected in the fact that we've been able to get all of our affiliate deals done this year. Here in the U.S. with some of the -- some great distributors, large distributors with very strong pricing with all of our channels being carried. And it's a great deal, really, for both of us, because we're way overdelivering, they're selling into our channels. And when you look at the overall package today, the real value here, with so many reruns, it's basically sports news and us. And who knows what's going to happen now with political. But news looks like it could potentially go back to normal, in which case there will be really a big added benefit. But we've been able to get full carriage of all of our channels with big increases. And I think that really reflects the great work and the great IP that we have domestically here in the U.S. and the fact that we're number one for women. We're number two for women, and we have a real broadcast equivalent or higher on many nights than broadcasters. And we'll talk about that later how we're advantaging ourselves on that.
David Zaslav: Sure. Thanks, Rich. Well, first, we're the leader in sports in Europe, and we're the leader with local IP. And the real advantage that we think we have, and we'll get into more detail in December, is you have mostly big U.S. services with a little bit of local. And we have dramatic local, local entertainment. We have all of our brands and cable content in language in 200 countries. And all throughout Europe, we have local sports. And we do have, as you know, some other local sport like the PGA. But one of the great things about this company, because we're in 200 countries, we have the ability, like we did in Denmark, to say, hey, we might be able to take one step back and two forward, how would it work if we opportunistically take all of our local content, all of our local sport and go-to-market? And what does it look like? And what is our SAP? And who will work with us? And how quickly can we sail? And so when we talk to you in December, we have a lot of learnings on what's worked and what hasn't. There are – when we can take one step back and we think that we have the goods to go two steps forward, we're now basing it on metrics and our knowledge. We think we can do too. We think we really have a free cash flow machine that will continue for a very long period of time to generate real return with great margins, but then we'll be investing thoughtfully and knowledgeably above the globe with our – we've been holding our global content to go at it. And now we're going to go out it in a way that we think is quite unique, and I've said it for a long time, local content, all of our existing genre is local and looking at this opportunity to add local sport. And in some cases, it could also be local news. It's a big differentiator for us. Everybody else is looking at going above the globe or even expanding into other countries, and they're facing two issues. One, holy cow, I don't own any of my content outside the U.S., what do I do now? So do I go buy it back? Do I wait to create it? Now it's going to take so much longer to create. So that's a real issue. We don't have that issue. And we have an extensive library as well as this – the real local element. So I think as you look at all the other players, great players in the marketplace, they're at a huge disadvantage here, and we think we're at a very significant advantage and so we're going to play into that, and we're going to play into it hard.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Michael. Well, look, I think a number of things worked our way. Our content certainly has a real familiarity and comfort. Our characters, our brands and we're back to 90% of production, and we were producing content throughout the whole pandemic. So – we were shooting a lot of it at much lower prices. We found that doing authentic content with Joanna Gaines or with Guy Fieri or with Mike Rowe in their house, that all really worked for us. And what – the net of it was when we went into the upfront, our share was significantly up. We're the only player now, the Scripps deal and the fact that we've really invested in our content significantly, when others haven't over the last couple of years, our share is just growing and growing. And right now, what we put together is not just broadcast equivalent, but we're higher very often than most of the broadcasters, if not number one, on many nights with an unduplicated reach that when an advertiser looks at us, they say, wow, we're reaching a better. And now the broadcasters or the traditional broadcasters either haven't been investing or they can't invest now and so we have fresh content. And so when we looked at it, we said there really is a win here. We did -- I believe we -- I know we did better than everyone, but it's more than that. Our CPMs have been kicking up, but maybe we get an extra couple of points. We established this Discovery Premier Package. And in those cases, we're charging dramatically more. So the broadcasters are 60, 62, 64. And we're in the 40s, the high 40s, the mid-40s, the low 40s, and we go up 50%, but we have better reach with more original content with more engagement. And we found that really the ability to reach women with us and the engagement and the brands and the brand affinity. So I think we degrade on the upfront much better than we've ever done. I think we established all the work we've done over the last 3 years of saying, here's what we are, here's why we're more valuable. In the long run, there's an argument that we should flip, if the broadcasters are running mostly rerun content and we have original content, then why should they be in the 60s and we be in the 20s. If the package – the core to the package is sports news and us and we can provide consistent and reliable original content with high engagement, why shouldn't we be in the 60s and they drop. Eventually -- so I think we're really pushing this issue of and getting a lot of traction that it's a real win-win. And I think John Stein Loff gets a lot of credit. We've been working on this for a couple of years, and we're really breaking through. So -- and we see it in scatter. We see it in scatter a lot of strength because we have a lot of original content, and we have a lot of momentum.
David Zaslav: And we think, interestingly, that this grand experiment of -- that we're all unfortunately going through here with the pandemic and operating remotely, we learned a lot. And we've also learned on the content side, how we could produce content for less, how that content can be more engaging and more compelling, how do we produce content, the fact that we're 90% back in production. And in the overall cost of our company, we think that there's real opportunity and you saw -- you see it in the numbers, you're going to see it further. It's revealed real opportunities for us to continue to reduce costs in way -- that’s ways that shouldn't affect performance or investment in content. Investment in content in the context of having the amount of original content that we need. We may be able to reduce investment, because we could produce for cheaper and use that investment as we pivot to substantial exclusive content for our global platform, direct-to-consumer.
David Zaslav: Well, we're in the AVOD business here in the U.S. with our Go product. We'll talk to you a little bit more in December about that. It's going -- that has gone very, very well for us. We've been in the market with advertisers with the upfront with that product. We think we're going to improve that product in many ways, significantly, that will have some real opportunity for us. Ultimately, I think that getting – we need to get our content in front of everyone, everywhere in the world, but we'll take you through what that balance is and which piece of that we're going to go at hard. We've thought about it a lot. We've already been added a lot. And we'll give you the detail in the back-up in early December.
David Zaslav: Sure. Thanks so much. Well, look, we were encouraged by Tom Rutledge's performance. I mean it's pretty compelling. He's running a hell of a company, and the beneficiary is the country, getting more access to broadband and turning the corner on cable subs, Comcast had a very good quarter. So it feels like sports was off the platform. We were in the middle of a tough pandemic. People were maybe saying, what, let me go buy Netflix, maybe that's been enough. It's hard to predict these things. The good news for us is we're on all platforms and we probably have the best carriage in terms of skinny bundles. Our content has never been stronger. Our scale has never been higher. And we've done very well in all of our renewals and getting everything carried. And so, what looks like, it may be a stabilization is very good for us. On T-Mobile, I think I've said enough. In the end, our stuff is carried on the broad platforms and then it is good for us. If in addition to that, someone wants to take the great content that we have and offer it in a smaller bundle for less money, that's good, but not that way.
David Zaslav: Thanks a lot, Michael. Look, there is a lot of peer -- there is a lot of content out there, AVOD, SVOD. The good news is that there seems to be a big appetite. One of the challenges is, is curation. The idea of, hey, here's more and here's more free. I think in the end, people don't just want more stuff. They want stuff they know, they want stuff they love and they need to be able to curate it. I think that that Iger has been quite clever. In some ways, it's a little bit retro, but it's quite clever in -- with the very successful Disney+. If you look at it, I'm an old cable guy and when people watch cable, it works because of curation, everyone has their favorite 6 channels. There may be 200, but everyone has their favorite 6. When you look at Disney, you see those handles. You see Marvel, you see Star Wars, you see Disney Family. It's very clever. They're always together, and it says in a blaring light.  We're not just a whole lot of stuff. Those are handles where you can come in and see the stuff you love. And it's almost like those are the 5 channels. And so it's quite compelling. I think the challenge the marketplace is having is, there's just a huge amount of content that's the same, movies and scripted, and they're kind of yelling above each other, ' hey, I got this new series.' Well, it's hard. Here it is, here's what it's about, here's who it's starring. And so in some ways, I think it's very good for us that the marketplace is getting driven with a huge amount of dollars and people are getting more and more used to paying and going to content and consuming it on all platforms. That's really good for us. I think what's even better for us is that, all that stuff looks the same. And it's very expensive to market. You have to explain what the series is about, who's in it, why they should want to see it. They already have all this other stuff that looks a lot like it. So we'll take you through it, but we think that our library, we sell very little, we've been holding our content for this moment for a long time and we're going to go very well with everyone. We're going to look very different than everyone. And when people see our brands and our characters, they're going to know very well, who we are and whether they like us and whether we have real value. And I think there'll be a lot of comfort in looking at us and that's saying, ' Oh, no, another 50,000 hours of content.' They look at us and go, I think that's the stuff I love. And we'll talk to you more about it in December.
David Zaslav: We're just -- we just take a look at what we have when we've been holding on to it. And this idea that you can sell your content outside the U. S., you could sell some of your best stuff to other players and still do well, you could sell some of your best stuff to 3 other players and then come out with what's remaining of that and do well or have your stuff be nonexclusive because a lot of other people have it. Those strategies make turn out to be good. You certainly make more near-term money. But we think it's dilutive and it's confusing.
David Zaslav: Thanks, David. We are doing very well on the digital side and our pricing is very good. We've been taking those dollars on go, and it's been strong. We'll talk to you more in December about how we think we could take more advantage of that. October -- as we said, October was flat, November feels good. And I think unlike maybe many of the others, we did have some political, but it wasn't in the top 5 of our advertising. I think we've been doing well because we're a lot more confident on what we have in the marketplace and the value that we present. And we've been doing very well in scatter on pricing. We expect that to continue. And we've been -- we are forming this alliance with many of the advertising agencies that are looking at the restructuring and saying, who's still doing a lot of original content that's dependable on this platform, where is the engagement and what's the pricing. And so I feel like we're breaking through on that. And on the upfront, the upfront was very healthy for us. There was some talk about the upfront really changing dramatically. I think there will be a calendar upfront, but the upfront was quite healthy.
David Zaslav: One point on the -- there's always a balance when you do these deals. We're pretty well protected and which is our benefit and the distributors benefit that were carried on all tiers, that were carried broadly. And we may have -- even though we got significant increases on all of our deals, maybe we could have gotten a little bit more. But in the end, from our perspective, getting that full protection, and I think that, that was also something that was easy for the distributor to give. On GolfTV, between golf and cycling and the Eurosport player, we've been gathering data and information. We also have a lot of these other niche products that we've been offering. We'll talk to you in December about what we've learned, how we think what we've learned and where we're really accelerating and where we're finding it a little hotter and the balance with some of these platforms with AVOD, where people come in and can spend a lot of time and then versus -- and then have another tier where they pay on some products like some of the niche products that we have. And whether niche, really in the long-term, is with some, it might make sense, with others, we might be better off putting it all together and having a very unique offering. And we'll talk to you about what we've learned about that and why we have this aggressive strategy that we're taking global in -- that we'll talk to you about in December.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Ben. Well, I certainly would agree on the Scripps deal. Ken Lowe was brilliant. He's a real entrepreneur. He built HGTV from nothing. He took food which was a free service and enhanced it and invested in it. And he built the hell of a company, with great leadership. We're very lucky. He's still on our Board. He's been a close friend of mine for 30 years. I've learned a ton from him, and he continues to lean in with us, and it's one of the big benefits that we have. We've become 1 company. When we bought it -- when we bought Scripps, we were generating $1.4 billion in free cash flow, they were generating $650 million. And we -- maybe we were $1.3 billion and we said we thought we can get to $1 billion. 18 months later, we had over an incremental $1 billion in free cash flow, and it's been sustained in an aggressive way.  Our share has grown dramatically. We've taken all the great creative leaders that Ken brought, and we took that content and took it around the world, some channels, some on platforms. What it showed was in 18 months, we went from 4.7x leverage to below 3.5x. We -- if the right asset came up, there's nobody that has more synergy than us where in every country. We -- even -- the fact that we have channels in every country, free-to-air and cable, they're not just channels now. They're marketing machines for direct-to-consumer. They're marketing machines for product. And we have infrastructure everywhere. And so what we learned is, we can do it, we can do it quick and we can do it while we're growing our business. Having said that, we have a hell of a global IP company right now. It's hugely differentiated from everyone in the marketplace. The marketplace is behind schedule and getting in feeding their IP. So we've -- we never shut down our IP production. We learned that we could produce for less more authentically during the pandemic. We're back up in business. And we have a hell of a hand right now. And we're competing against a load of players that don't have local, can't expand outside the U.S. until they get local or can't afford to get local and a lot of what the content that they have looks very much like what everyone else has. And when something comes up, they all bid on the next big item. And so we come out with an educated marketplace, very, very differentiated. And with the amount of free cash flow our existing business is generating and growing in market share, with pricing that looks really pretty compelling on the advertiser side because globally, our share and our performance is being recognized, it looks like we got this free cash flow machine that's way outperforming globally. And we got all this IP we've been holding on to and all this IP we've been producing and quietly holding on to. And – so, I don't think we need anything. If something -- there's a lot of people that might say if we come into you, we'd be more diversified. There'd be a huge amount of synergy. But from our perspective, it has to help us grow a lot faster or it has to add IP that we think is going to further differentiate and further scale us. So I think right now, we've got a hell of a hand, and we think -- and when we'll take you through it in December. And when we take it around the globe, we'll see if we're right.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Okay, Doug and on revenues and losses from the -- from our next-generation initiatives, remember, we started the year with a guidance of $1 billion-plus in revenue and losses of roughly $600 million. We've obviously pulled that. But -- what I can say is that, we have continued to enjoy some revenue growth.  All of our numbers include contributions from our direct-to-consumer portfolio, obviously not at the level that we originally envisaged, but we're very pleased with the progress. We've also reduced some of the investments, but continued prioritizing the strategic build-out of the portfolio. So we still expect a slightly increased investment number here for the year and we'll say more later. And also for 2021, it's a little bit too early. But again, we're fully committed to the Discovery future in the direct-to-consumer space, and we'll make all efforts to support that.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes. And Michael, the -- on your free cash flow and working capital question. Two things; working capital, I think the direct-to-consumer business in and of itself is a little more beneficial because you get paid upfront by your consumers directly as opposed to the TV cash cycle, which, as you well know, includes some very long payment terms with the traditional business partners. So that's a positive. From a higher level for the free cash flow overall, obviously, any start-up business, any growth business has upfront investments as we're building scale to monetize the structure that in place upfront. So -- but as you know, we've been working on this for 2 years, very pleased with the progress of the technology and platform. So that's an area where we have a bit of a head start. We've also been hiring personnel. We've been producing content. As you know, the big swing factor sand the big variable factor for any future expansion is really subscriber acquisition costs. And here, we will be willing to get behind anything that's really successful from a customer lifetime value perspective. And clearly, there is a lot of variability in there, and there's also a little bit of the more successful you are, the more growth potential and growth you're seeing, the more you're spending against it. But again, if you take a step back, I'm very, very, very confident in this company's ability to generate free cash flow and investing in our own organic growth is our number one priority. So we'd be willing to get behind that.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: That, plus -- again, I mean, we've been saying this all along. We're also just operating in a very efficient model with our global --really global footprint, the platform in place and very efficient content genres. So, yes, we should be better off than others.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Okay. Thanks so much, Jessica. There has been a lot of restructuring, and I think that's a certain strategy of viewing all IP is one set of IP. IP is IP is IP. We don't believe that. We have a team that produces food content. We have a team that produces crime content. We have a team that produces natural history content at Discovery. And we think we've got the best teams. They understand the brands. They also know the best producers. We have the best producers engaged. We own a lot of the production companies with Mike Fries with all three. And we think this idea of continuing to invest in great creative people, great content and having them understand a lane better than anybody else, the idea of producing -- HG right now has never been stronger. Kathleen Finch is one of the best creators I've ever worked with, and she's got a great team. The idea of dismantling that team and saying, 'okay, let's just produce shows.' I think that may be good for cost, and it may work out if you're just doing broad entertainment and you're taking pitches. But for us -- it's working for us. And I think it's going to really drive -- continue to drive this -- the 2 engines that we have. One is our existing platforms. Outside the U.S., we're seeing some real strength in the traditional ecosystem. And our share is growing, and we're doing very well, and we're generating massive free cash flow domestically and internationally. So we're not running from that. We think we're going to be able to get better pricing, as I've said, we're getting more share. If news calms down, we get -- we may get a lot more. And as these other companies decide, you know what, let's kind of -- let's move away from this platform. I think more and more people are going to what's really sticky and consumers could see where people are investing. And so I think that we're going to get a real benefit from that. Having said that, I think we can save a lot of money, but we're not going to do it in the area of content and – because it's going to pay off on both. The great content that we can create, we're learning a lot about what people want so badly that they'll pay for it. And how do we create and where do we put content. We'll make those same decisions. And we'll talk about that in December. And we've been at that now for a very long time, quietly. But we think great content is what our company is about and owning it globally, that is what Discovery is and that's what we're a global IP company. And we're not a distribution company. And so it's not a sidecar for us. It's what we do for a living. We'll talk in December about what we're doing. You can get a little bit of a hint of it in -- with Sky. We think that a global platform that we can promote on our 10 to 12 channels, free-to-air and cable around the world, that we could have a mix of content that's truly unique with huge scale is going to pay a big benefit for us and will differentiate us locally and globally. And Sky is just a piece of that strategy and we'll explain more of it in December.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: The only thing I would add, David -- Jessica, maybe less publicly, but clearly, since the closing of the Scripps merger, we have done some pretty significant reorganizations that have helped us achieve the performance that we have, and we feel very good, but it's been -- there's been a lot going on.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And Michael, from the perspective of the content cost or investment development, again, for -- it's too early for guidance for 2021. What I will say is, we are willing to get behind an investment, if we see a strong ROI for us as we have in the past. But that said, to your point, there is a lot of value in our library, and not only the library, but also the current content output in our traditional ecosystem that's already existing 8,000 hours a year that, obviously, any new product could tap into as well. So again, as I said earlier, I think our profile will always look better with less cash burn than what others are may be able to do.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Steve, let me start with the 2 affiliate questions. Again, I don't want to speculate about some trends. Again, we're happy to see a slightly better number this quarter. I certainly hope that might be the case for a while, but it's really not in our control. What is in our control is the degree of carriage that we're getting. And as David said, and all the recent renewals, we've been getting very good results here. So there were some talk in the market about potentially getting tiered or losing carriage for networks, none of that has happened. And again, we closed two more deals today in this quarter that we talked about today. And if you look at our reported numbers, you see the 2% growth, 4% sub declines on the core net. So you can kind of do the math of what our underlying economics are. And as we've said, previously, we're very pleased with the deals that we closed this year that are supportive for this environment.
