Melanie E. R. Miller: Thank you, operator. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2013 conference call. Today is January 13, 2014. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Henry Theisen; our Chief Operating Officer, Bill Austen; our VP in Controller and interim Principal Financial Officer, Jerry Krempa; and our new Director of Investor Relations, Erin Winters. Erin has been at Bemis for 12 years working in a variety of finance positions and was recently promoted to Director of Investor Relations for Bemis. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Erin.
Melanie E. R. Miller: The guidance -- this is Melanie. The guidance doesn't include any acquisitions or share buybacks. It's essentially the addition of -- it ends up being a nice improvement that we finally get to recognize from the savings in our facility consolidation program now that these additional costs are behind us. In addition, we expect to have some savings associated with a reduction in, we'll call it, general retirement benefit costs, or pension plan costs going down offset by some increase in profit-sharing plan expenses going forward. But that will be a net benefit as well. And then just general improvement. As Henry mentioned, modest growth in volume. We're very leveraged to volume now, so a little bit of volume would be nice to the bottom line.
Melanie E. R. Miller: The best way to look at it by quarter is, I think, just to -- we would look at it evenly. Now there are some fluctuations, especially in the second half of the year as we adjust accruals based upon the actual performance in the first half of the year, especially as it relates to incentive programs. But -- and we had a decrease in that corporate expense line in 2013 that really reflects a change in pension costs and incentive costs year-over-year and some one-time charges or, I would say, reversals of charges that occurred back in the end of 2012. Going forward, I think though, 2013 is the more normal year as you look at the expenses and SG&A costs, if you look back on the income statement in general. And so that plus inflation would be a normal number to look towards in 2014.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Probably in excess of $90 million, if you look at the total year for 2014. But yes, something -- it's something that as we -- we don't really plan that number. We're really looking at the income statement. And on the income statement, you're seeing R&D expense that's a little bit higher in 2013. We think that it'll be a modestly higher number in 2014. And in addition, as we see some modest sales growth in 2014, we think SG&A, as a percent of sales, is going to be still in that 10% range. And you're going to see relatively the same level of growth then as we go into 2014.
Melanie E. R. Miller: And as you look at this year, just to talk a little bit about the reais impact, as you're talking about that. This year, the real moved about 10% and that was about a $7 million hit to the Global Packaging segment. So going forward, that sort of sizes the operating profit impact to you as you look at 2014.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Right. And so if you look at Page 3 of the supplemental schedules, you'll see that in 2013, we spent $52 million on facility consolidation. That reduced our number -- it was part of the reduction to $373 million in 2013. That we expect to be 0 in 2014. In addition, we had $40 million of pension contributions in 2013. And our pension funds are now -- the ones in the U.S., where we're making large contributions, are over 100% funded. And we do not anticipate any pension contributions in 2014. So with those 2 items behind us, we can even look back and recalculate 2013 cash flow to be substantially higher. And then it's just growth and better management of working capital, our continued good management of working capital going forward.
Melanie E. R. Miller: And I would add, Al, that if you think about where our new business is, and especially in our new products and the new platforms that we're investing in, some of those new products for Bemis are, as Henry was saying and Bill was saying, too, a conversion from a different format, a glass, a can or a rigid bottle into a plastic. So that would be growth for us. But in addition, there are also opportunities where we will be upgrading or changing the package that we're supplying to an existing customer. So that may be new products, new package for Bemis or increase in using our new products we're issuing. But it's -- the old package was also a Bemis package, just a lower margin one. So we're sort of trading up our existing customers at the same time as we're seeing the market itself for flexible packaging grow with the transition from rigid.
Melanie E. R. Miller: So if GDP is 2% to 3%, it's reasonable for us to say maybe 2% to 4%. So something a little bit better. With regards to ROIC and the payback period, it really depends upon -- based upon the detailed process that we go through, it's really individual valuation by project and then looking at the return relative to the business that it supports and in the geography that, that particular piece of equipment supports. So it varies but we are specifically focused on, when it comes to production equipment, some pretty quick returns. And as Bill suggested, it's not going to be a 2014 event where we've got a lot of new business coming in 2014. For the most part these are investments in 2014 that we expect to get benefits from very quickly, in 2015 and 2016. So certainly it'll be a pretty quick turnaround with regard to production equipment. When you get to investments in R&D platforms, there, there's a little bit longer timeline. It's a different measure. But still, there's a qualification, a rigorous qualification process that our engineers go through in order to evaluate the appropriates of the investment and when we are going to start seeing commercial sales from those platforms.
Melanie E. R. Miller: And underscoring that, Henry, I would add that it is not -- we don't intend to accumulate cash. The cash fluctuates a little bit on our balance sheet because of the geography that it happens to sit in but we have made a lot of changes in the way that we're managing cash in order to access that cash, even around the world. And we intend to minimize the cash on the balance sheet and manage to a certain 2.0x leverage level. To the extent that we have excess cash, and we obviously have a lot of strong cash flow expected going forward out of this business, we'll be looking in all those opportunities including share repurchases, as Henry mentioned.
Melanie E. R. Miller: And just to clarify the math for you, as we talk about our Latin America business being slightly under $1 billion, that includes a sizable business in Mexico, which also has a pretty low margin at this point. It's improved since we acquired a big portion of it from Alcan but it still is certainly below average for the Global Packaging business. So Mexico, Europe and Asia are all areas where we have some room for improvement to get up to that double-digit operating profit in the near future for Global Packaging. And offsetting that is a pretty healthy medical and pharma business, as Henry said, where we've got some nice margins around the globe just because it's a more complex, high-barrier type of product line.
Melanie E. R. Miller: This is Melanie, Alex. The -- if you look at volume over the last 3 years, it's been a very unusual time in Bemis history. In 2010, we acquired the Alcan Food Americas business that increased our business size by 40%. And really, the exercise in 2010 was really focused on the existing customers that we had and that we acquired and making sure that all of them were being serviced properly. So we were very inwardly focused on our existing business and retaining what we had. As we came into 2011, we had this enormous increase in food prices. There was food inflation in the grocery stores. It wasn't net -- it was also increase in resin costs but what impacted demand in 2011 was an increase in food prices that just reduced demand specifically in the areas that we serve, in branded products. With food inflation so high, a lot of the consumers were moving into private label and fewer brand products. And while we serve both sides of that, we do a lot in both areas of the market, we obviously have a very large share in the branded side. And so that impacted our volumes as we got into 2011. 2012, we closed -- started closing some plants. And all of the same-store sales schedule that we showed you, with the optimization effect on Page 4 of the supplemental schedules, all of that was going on in 2012 as well. We didn't start tracking it until 2013, when it became a more difficult conversation to have in trying to explain the changes in our volume. But we had plant closings all through 2012 and plant closings also in 2013. Now, as Henry and Bill said, as we get -- as we ended 2013, we've got a lot of positive momentum within the business organically. If you ignore this optimization effect that we're about to anniversary and is going to 0, now we've got some positive momentum. We're seeing strong orders in backlog. We're seeing conversion to our type of packaging. And all of those things, plus our focus on new products and new customers and new outlets for our products in the market, all of those things give us the confidence that we're going to start seeing some modest volume growth. And modest volume growth being maybe 2% to 3%, 2% to 4%. So we're not talking 10% to 20% growth. We're talking something a little bit more normal -- normalized for our market. And I agree with you that it's been very slow the last couple of years. But we see 2014 as a turning point and a different year for Bemis and for the market compared to what we've seen the last couple of years.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, thank you, Erin, and thank you for joining us today. Today, we reported $0.54 per share for the fourth quarter and a record $2.28 for the full year 2013, in line with our most recent guidance. Our fourth quarter results benefited from increased year-on-year volumes of high-barrier products across the globe, highlighting the sustainability of improvements that we have made in our sales mix over the last 24 months. Our working capital levels came down nicely, generating $38 million in the fourth quarter alone and completely offsetting the use of cash for working capital during the first 3 quarters of the year. We repurchased 1 million shares of our common stock in the fourth quarter, bringing our remaining share repurchase authorization level to 2.5 million shares. For the total year, gross margins increased by 90 basis points compared to the full year 2012, reflecting the actions that we have taken to improve our product mix, including increased market share of higher-value-added products, where our technologies give us a sustainable advantage, and the completion of the facility consolidation program. While this is a nice improvement, our gross margin would've been at least 30 points higher without the production transition challenges that we faced over the past 6 months. Now that these issues are behind us, we look forward to further improvement in 2014. Our 2014 guidance of $2.40 to $2.55 represents an increase of 5% to 12% compared to last year. Where we are in this range will depend upon the impact of the Brazilian currency, raw material pricing, the momentum of past volume trends and our successful commercialization of new business awards. Let me give you some further color on these factors. First, it is important to note that we have a very successful packaging business centered in Brazil that serves a large Latin American packaging market. From Mexico through Argentina, this business represents just under $1 billion in sales and close to double-digit operating profit. The Brazilian currency weakened by about 10% in 2013 and, in the first month of 2014, it has further weakened by almost another 5%, which creates a challenge when we translate those profits into dollars for reporting purposes. Second, raw material pricing. Our guidance is based on announced increases in raw material at this time. Otherwise, we assume resin costs will be stable for the year. Third, sales volume momentum. With the anniversary of our last plant closings coming in the second quarter, we expect sales volume improvements to become more visible in 2014. In 2013, we achieved higher U.S. Flexible Packaging volumes in certain value-added products due to increased market share as well as general conversion of liquid products to flexible packaging formats. This improvement was offset by generally lower volumes in beverage categories, where consumer trends reduced demand. In Latin America, volume was substantially lower this year, reflecting the negative impact of food inflation on consumer demand. While higher prices offset much of the impact for the lower unit volumes on operating profit, higher volume levels remain the key to improved profit in this region. In Europe, we continue to see improved stability in volume levels and our business teams remain focused on our strategic markets. As we finish 2013 and enter early 2014, our orders and our backlog are strong across all geographies. We are now cautiously optimistic about modestly higher volume trends going forward. Our customers are launching new products that are targeted at specific age groups by offering brand extensions for toddlers, school-age children, teens and adults. Using our proprietary technologies, we provide unique packaging solutions that offer easy open and reclosable features, microwavable formats, on-the-go [indiscernible] sizes and tamper-evident structures to enhance the consumer experience. Our R&D teams use a rigorous process to evaluate opportunities and accelerate viable prospects to commercial scale. As we identify worthwhile platforms in which to invest, we expect the total R&D spending to increase modestly, toward 1% of net sales over the next few years. During 2014, we continue to invest capital wisely and not accumulate cash. Our priorities continue to be support our dividend program, investment in capital projects, fund strategic acquisitions and balance share repurchases while deleveraging. With our leverage levels in check, we repurchased a total of 2 million shares during 2013. Our target of $500 million from cash for operations in 2014 will support further investment across the spectrum of opportunities. I have asked Bill Austen, our Chief Operating Officer, to join us today to provide some additional detail regarding the new product pipeline and our increased guidance for capital expenditures in 2014.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, the announced price increase in polyethylene is $0.04 per pound. And that's what we baked in. We look further down during the year, prices are very volatile in raw material. Sometimes they go up, sometimes they go down. We really can't predict what they're going to do in October, November or July or whatever. So the best thing for us to do is just bake in what we know is on the table today. And that way, everybody can evaluate our guidance.
Henry J. Theisen: I think we've been aggressive for a long period of time, recognizing that when these raw materials come through, we have to pass them on. They're such an important component of our overall operating profit that if we don't pass it through, we don't make our guidance, we don't make our EPS. So I think the -- it's been very competitive in the past. It's still extremely competitive. We work very hard to pass all the raw material costs. And I really don't see a change in this over the year 2013.
Henry J. Theisen: Return on invested capital is very important for the Bemis Company. We've been emphasizing this for the last few years and we will continue to emphasize it. Every new CapEx program goes through a rigorous process here, where we take a look at what return on invested capital that will be. It has to be higher than what we currently operate at. It has to be accretive to our ROIC so it grows in the future. We also take a look at risk based on where it is on the globe. Putting capital into Brazil is more risky because of the real than, say, putting it here in the U.S. So we are very concerned about return on invested capital and growing our margins in this business. The second part of your question was around more -- being more competitive. Sometimes we put in equipment that -- we're very happy here. We've got a lot of good R&D projects coming up, a lot of good programs coming in, which we think are going to put us in a better cost position. We're going to be investing in that type of equipment. That will give us a better cost position. It will be more sustainable. We use less polymers to deliver the same convenience features, the same extended shelf life, the same barriers. So part of it is that, part of it is new products coming out and part of it is we're trying to get in some new markets, around pharmaceutical and also some of the things that we picked up with our acquisition in China that give us a little foray into the electronics business. So it's kind of a combination of all those things.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, I think it really comes from 3 areas. The first one is, and we've talked about it in the past, is the rigid to flexible conversion. Our customers don't have to be selling say, for instance, more soup than they did in the past, but you're going to see some of it in a standup pouch versus a can. So we're picking up some growth just by switching from the rigid format to the flexible format. In other areas, we are taking market share based on the products, based on being able to service our customers, based on being able to meet their demands as far as lead times and things because of our size and the amount of equipment we have. And finally, we're starting to get a little bit more growth in our new product platforms. So it's a combination of all 3 things.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, overall, beverage has been a weakness for us in 2013, and I think it's going to be a weakness for us in 2014, especially with the carbonated area. So that, I think, is going to continue to perform weaker than it has in the past, much in line with 2013. But if you move to other things, like medical device packaging or even the food packaging, I don't want to say there's an optimism, but our customers just seem to have a little more step than they did a year ago. There just seems to be a little more better feeling about going forward than there was a year ago. I can't pin it down to anything specific, but it's just a general feel.
Henry J. Theisen: As we look at Brazil, food inflation is a major component of what's going on down in Brazil. And we'll also see other general inflations that -- going on in Brazil. We are being very concerned and sensitized to raising our prices as raw materials go up. We are maintaining our market share in that business and we're expanding into some markets but food inflation is a headwind that we have to fight through this year. And I think we did a very good job of fighting through it in 2013. In reais, our operating profits were up substantial even though the volumes weren't there. And we're going to continue to those same programs that we put in place in 2013 to maintain our operating and grow our operating profit even in the face of these issues.
Henry J. Theisen: We have a good process in place. We started that process immediately after Scott moved on. And we have a process in place. We're working the process in place. And I think we'll have a CFO sometime here in the first half of the year.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, first off, I'll take the optimization question. That is done. The equipment has been moved. The businesses have been moved. We are running the business and serving our customers in the facilities where we want that business to run. That is over with. We will see the normal gain some business, lose some business that goes on every year in a normal fashion. So the optimization effect is over. The second part of your question, we look at, in the -- I'll just kind of break it down by the 3 segments. We kind of look in the U.S., the U.S. Packaging is -- we think we're going to do a little bit better than GDP. So that puts you in that 2%, 3% area. Likewise, we think we think we'll do a little bit better in our Global Operations and that kind of varies, Brazil has a little bit different growth than Europe. But I think, overall, we'll be slightly better than GDP in our rest-of-world operations and in our U.S. Pressure Sensitive is going to depend really on the economy of Europe because that's really a graphics, or advertising-type, business.
Henry J. Theisen: I think that, that kind of goes back to the question that came up a little earlier, that we expect to do slightly better than GDP. And so that puts you -- some of these high-barrier applications are going to give us 2%, 3% growth in volumes. And it's going to be slightly better than the GDP.
Henry J. Theisen: I will say this, that we worked hard and changes over the last few years have been really cleaning up the contracts that we had inherited with the Alcan acquisition. Most of our contracts are now 3-month contracts. In other words, you get to pass through either the increase in raw materials or the decrease in raw materials on a 90-day basis. And we are very diligent in doing that. If a price increase happens in the first month, it takes 90 days to pass it through; if it happens on the 89th day, it goes immediately. Likewise, if raw materials fall during the course of that time, we can have 89 days of lower raw material costs or we can have 1 day of lower raw material cost. But basically, the contracts fire [indiscernible] escalated the escalators every 90 days. And there really has been no change at all in those contracts since we've cleaned up the Alcan pieces.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, we would like to have some good acquisitions. We look for acquisitions that are going to add technology to our company or give us access to new markets or new customers. There's a lot of stuff that goes on in there. If there is something going on in our industry or something related to our industry, Bemis will know about it and have an opportunity. But right now, there's nothing imminent.
Henry J. Theisen: My goal and the goal of our company is to get our Global, rest-of-world packaging business to be double digit, to get it up into that 10%-return-on-sales area. And I think you're going to see -- right now, we're about 7%, 7.1%. I think you're going to see us over the next 2 to 3 years make progress and get to that 10% level.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, we're really looking for volume growth that's a little bit better than GDP. Whatever GDP is, we expect to beat that slightly. A little modest growth over GDP.
Henry J. Theisen: As we said earlier, if we are happy with our position, at about 2.1x leverage that we talked about earlier in the day, and it's just going to depend upon what opportunities are available to us. We're going to take a look at all the M&A opportunities out there. Is it the right one for us? Does it fit us? Do we have opportunities for organic growth that we have to support CapEx or we have to support some R&D investments? And then share repurchases are on the table as the cash comes in. So it's just going to be what opportunities and what things we have that we can do with that cash at the time.
Henry J. Theisen: No, I think -- you're right. And it kind of comes from 2 things. I think just our -- the products we make, the size we have, our ability to service our key customers. We're going to get some market share in the products that we currently make. But we're also going to get growth. It may not be growth for the consumer. But as we talked before, it's going to be soup being in a standup pouch instead of a can. It's going to be in ketchup, in a standup pouch instead of a rigid bottle. It's going to be in soups and sauces. When you go onto the baby food aisle and you see the conversion, it used to all be in glass and now it's in a foil standup pouch. So it's kind of a combination of the shift to more and more flexible from the rigid programs and also just where we stand with our current products and what we deliver, we'll gain some market share.
Henry J. Theisen: No, no, no, I think you're analyzing it pretty well. Europe has been a problem for us over the last few years. We've talked about that. We're starting to see a little bit of strength in Europe as we focus on those products. And we're starting to get some market share, but our European Flexible business has been a burden for us over the last few years. And we made some significant investments over the last couple of years in China. And we're starting to take a -- we're starting to get an opportunity to grow our margins there. We bought into that knowing that it wasn't quite time yet for our technological products. So we bought in and we got into some markets there that have some lower margins, and we knowingly did that to get a foot in the door, to develop a business, to develop a management team, to start to understand the area. We know that's a region in the world, longer-term, we're going to have to grow in. So we took a little bit of hits to our margins but we are there now and we are accomplishing developing a management team. We're starting to see more and more needs for our types of packaging. In China, they finally put together their first version of our FDA with some of the food safety issues. So -- and we see quite a few of our medical customers start to put businesses into that part of the world. So that was an investment.
Henry J. Theisen: I think there's a couple of things that go into that. First off, we're done with the facility consolidation. There's a lot of effort that goes into doing that. And that frees up our sales team. Instead of our salespeople worrying about how to make sure their customer is serviced, they're now looking for more growth opportunities. They're out there trying to get more market share. Our R&D groups and our manufacturing are working on being, now that they have the business, to be more productive, opening up capacity for us to expand. So I think there's a lot to it. The other is we're not shedding as much off the bottom. It's difficult to show, really, the good, profitable volume growth that we had last year when you have certain areas subtracting from it. So I think what you're going to do is you're just going to see more of an emphasis on growing the business. You're not going to have the detraction of the consolidation. And you're not going to have that bottom end of the business subtracting from the total number.
Henry J. Theisen: Our Pressure Sensitive business is, you're right, is about 10% of our total sales. Every year that we take a look at our portfolio -- last year, we decided it was time to divest Clysar because it didn't sell. So every year we review our portfolio. Our Pressure Sensitive is part of it now. We are leveraging our medical device business and growing Pressure Sensitive in some areas. But it does remain out there as a question.
Henry J. Theisen: You bring up a good question on protecting your technology. Just because you put in a 9-layer line doesn't mean you're going to move your most technical and proprietary products. We can use that 9-layer line to make some things and upgrade the technology that they have but not yet send over our most technical and proprietary technologies.
William F. Austen: Thanks, Henry, and good morning, everyone. We have a robust capital expenditure plan for 2014 that supports our long-term growth strategy. In recent years, we have been focused on integrating 25 acquired plants across 5 countries in addition to closing 9 plants impacted by our facility consolidation program. At the same time, we have been optimizing our specification portfolio. Now that this hard work is complete, we are focused on executing our growth agenda. In 2014, we are investing in state-of-the-art capacity to support top line growth and further strengthen our competitive position. We expect capital expenditures to be in the range of $175 million to $200 million this year. This increased capital spending reflects investments to meet the growing liquid market needs, to enhance our medical packaging capabilities and to expand our sealant and protective film extrusion platform in Asia. In addition, we are investing in select research and development projects that will create long-term growth opportunities. Current market trends support these investments. For example, our customers have started the conversion process from glass and cans to flexible packaging, especially in the liquid area. At Bemis, we offer unique liquid packaging solutions that provide the superior shield strength necessary to withstand lengthy distribution processes into retail markets. As such, we are expanding our operations with equipment that will meet this growing demand for flexible packaging of liquid products such as soups, sauces, fruit slurries, meal kits and even personal care products. For example, in Latin America, our liquid packaging solution helped one of our health and hygiene product customers convert its personal care line from a blow-molded bottle to a flexible standup pouch. These personal care products contain oils and fragrances that are extremely difficult to contain and our unique barrier and sealant technologies solve this challenge. And in Asia, we are expanding our 9-layer extrusion capacity to support the increasing demand for medical device and pharmaceutical packaging from our global customers located in this region of the world. This investment also supports our future expansion into the protein markets in China. Our strategic investments in these key capabilities will support our long-term growth strategy to expand our leading position in high-barrier products, medical and pharmaceutical packaging and in developing economies. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jerry for his comments on the financial results.
William F. Austen: Thanks, Henry. As we look out into '15 and '16 and beyond, I don't see it stepping down to a normalized rate in '15. But beyond that, we'll probably come down to a normalized, a little bit lower rate than D&A. But as we go through '15, it will be at the D&A rate as well. That's what our plans are today.
William F. Austen: A lot of this new capacity, Al, comes on as we get through the year of 2014. So you start to see the ramp-up in earnings or the addition to earnings as we get into 2015. There won't be much of an impact in 2014.
William F. Austen: George, I'll take the one on China. This is Bill. It's a great question and, obviously, it's a risk. But many companies have put technology into China and been able to keep it and there are processes established, specifically at the company that we purchased, NCS, where they segregate the duties so that there isn't one individual or group of individuals that understands the entire process or package, if you will. So there's a segregation of duties, and those segregation of duties keep that specification unknown to the entire group. So they've been doing this for a while. They actually have patents on some of their film structures and they've been able to maintain those. So we've been able to understand and learn that process and now we have those procedures and practices in the facility, as well.
William F. Austen: And understand, the packaging sophistication that's there today is -- the requirement for packaging sophistication is nowhere near what it is in the U.S. So you don't put, to Henry's point, the latest and greatest there out of the chute. It develops over time.
