Melanie E. R. Miller: Thank you, operator. Welcome to our Third Quarter 2011 Conference Call. Today is October 26, 2011. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, www.bemis.com under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Henry Theisen; and our Chief Financial Officer, Scott Ullem. Today, Henry will begin with comments on the performance of the business, followed by Scott with comments on the detailed financial results. After our comments, we will answer any questions you have. However, in order to allow everyone an opportunity to participate, we ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time with a related follow-up and then fall back into the queue for any additional questions. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors, including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material costs and availability, industry competition, unexpected consumer buying trends, changes in customer order patterns, our ability to pass along increased costs in our selling prices, unexpected costs related to plant closings, changes in government regulatory requirements, interest rate fluctuations and regional economic conditions. A more complete list of risk factors is included in our regular SEC filing, including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010. Now I'll turn the call over to Henry Theisen.
Melanie E. R. Miller: That's okay. Flexible packaging is -- well, flexible packaging is 90% of the company, so it’s pretty much for flexible packaging. PSM was down high single-digits as far as volume. So volume was a little bit worse there, but completely offset by a year-over-year price mix improvement.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Also Chris, the fact that this is, to some degree, driven by the increased food prices in the grocery stores, our customers do tend to use new products or they tend to repackage their products in order to try and make the food prices increases more palatable and introduce new products in order to create value for customers at this higher price.
Scott B. Ullem: Thanks, Henry, and good morning, everyone. Today, we reported GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.53, which included $0.03 of transaction-related costs associated with our Mayor Packaging acquisition. This adjusted EPS of $0.56 was $0.01 less than last year's third quarter adjusted EPS of $0.57. The increase in net sales of 4.9% reflects 2.3% increase due to currency translation, 1% from the addition of new sales from Mayor Packaging, our recent China acquisition, and the balance from higher selling prices, which were partially offset by lower volumes compared to the same quarter of last year. On average, this quarter's volumes decreased by mid-single-digits versus last year's third quarter. Gross profit margin decreased both compared to last year's third quarter and to this year's second quarter. While we have been passing along to customers the raw material cost increases from the first half of the year, gross margins continued to be under pressure as lower production volumes reduced fixed cost absorption. Selling, general and administrative expenses were down sequentially from the second quarter of 2011, due principally to the reversal of incentive compensation accruals. Our effective income tax rate year-to-date was 36.2%, down from the 36.5% rate for the first half of the year. This resulted in an effective tax rate of 35.5% for the third quarter. Note that net income attributable to Bemis is higher this quarter due to the successful repurchase of preferred shares of our South American operations on July 13. This is reflected in the line item net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, which this quarter is only the $348,000 of minority income for the first couple of weeks of the quarter and in future quarters will be 0. Looking at the balance sheet, working capital balances remained higher than they were at the end of 2010, but have come down by over $50 million since the high at the end of the second quarter. Working capital balances should continue to decline during the fourth quarter as higher-priced inventories shipped and receivables are collected. Net debt to latest 12 months adjusted EBITDA was 2.4x at the end of the third quarter. We have used our balance sheet to fund 2 growth acquisitions, Mayor Packaging and all the preferred shares of our Brazilian operations. We also repurchased an additional 1.2 million shares of Bemis common stock during the third quarter for $38 million, bringing the total repurchased in 2011 to 5 million shares. The remaining share repurchase authorization at September 30 was 4.5 million shares. Cash flow from operating activities for the third quarter was a record $169 million, reflecting the benefits of the decrease in working capital levels. Short term, we intend to use our future cash flow to repay our $300 million bond that matures in April of 2012. Turning to guidance, guidance for the fourth quarter is $0.36 to $0.42, bringing total year guidance to $1.90 to $1.96. This does not include severance charges in the range of $0.04 per share. These workforce reductions alone will create annualized savings of about $0.06 per share beginning in 2012. There will likely be additional charges associated with plant closings through 2012. However, the timing and total costs of those actions have not been finalized. We will provide more specific details for you in our year-end conference call on January 26.  In summary, we are facing volume headwinds in our business. But we have gone through short-term periods like this before. We have a resilient business model, a strong competitive position and opportunities to improve operational efficiencies. We feel positive about 2012 and look forward to laying out our full year guidance in January.  Now we'll take any questions you have.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. Short term, our priority for cash flow is to repay the $300 million 4 7/8% bond that matures in April 2012. Longer term and over time, our priorities for use of cash flow remain the same. And in order to pay a continually increasing dividend to fund internal growth initiatives, to fund acquisitions as they present themselves and as we make strategic decisions to acquire businesses and grow externally and then to balance our capital structure between share repurchase on an opportunistic basis and managing our debt levels.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure, Chris. First, it's not a restructuring. We're optimizing our operations and there are really 2 components to it. One is we are reducing workforce in the low single-digit percent of total employees, and so making some surgical rightsizings in the workforce that we have in place around the world. Second, we are going to address some small-sized production facilities to help optimize our operational efficiencies, and those will take place over the next several quarters. As we consolidate operations, move equipment -- consolidate the operations that are being closed and move equipment -- relocate equipment and production and we'll give you a better sense of how those charges and benefits are going to flow through in our January call.
Scott B. Ullem: Yes, Philip, we do not have our CapEx plans finalized yet for 2012. We're still in the range of about $125 million for 2011. Our depreciation and amortization is up around $215 million, and over time, you should expect that CapEx will get closer to depreciation and amortization. But for the foreseeable future, it will be less than that.
Scott B. Ullem: George, it's Scott. Look, we look at return on invested capital very carefully. And we look at it by a couple different angles, whether it's geography, customer, type of product line. But we really don't get into talking through publicly, relative returns. What I can say is, it's increasingly important, it's one of the reasons why you've seen our capital expenditures be very disciplined over the last couple of years, and we are continuing to look at businesses where we can achieve over the intermediate term, an attractive return on capital because as we think about it, with every dollar of cash that we have to spend, we can invest it on -- in a whole number of different ways, ranging from internal growth investments, external growth investments, managing our balance sheet and that's just the way we have to approach disciplined use of our cash flow.
Scott B. Ullem: Yes, we are obviously, focused on corporate expense, which is the reason why we're taking some of these actions both in the field and at corporate. I think that SG&A expenses will probably go up again a little bit in the fourth quarter. But over time, it's something that we're looking very closely at.
Henry J. Theisen: We had concerns from our customers which we talked about at the end of the second quarter conference call. Our customers continue to express those concerns. We've seen them turn into facts, so that's why we're guiding that way for the fourth quarter. What's going to happen in the first part of next year, I really don't know how our volumes will turn. It’ll be mostly based on what goes on in the macroeconomic conditions and how the end-use purchaser of food products responds to this climate.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, first off, the small plant closings that we're going to be doing through the course of 2012 aren't really related to the volumes that we see. What we're really seeing is, as we've talked about, we want to optimize our footprint and put the specifications into the best-running facilities, so we get the highest margin and the most productivity. So as we look through and we optimize our specifications, that generates activity to move business into other facilities where we'll have a higher return on that business. And also as we work through, as we talked about our world-class manufacturing, we're opening up some additional space in various facilities that we're going to take advantage of. So the small plant closings are not related to really the volumes. It's related to the opportunities we've generated through specification consolidation and through world-class manufacturing.
Henry J. Theisen: As we said in the past, we really don't care whether it's a private label or a branded product. We really didn't see any big switch from branded to private label. Things were pretty consistently down across the board in both categories. And as far as market share, as I talk to our key operating guys, we're not noticing where we would say we've lost market share. We do have, in our more commodity or competitive-driven areas, we lose business and we win business. And sometimes, it affects the quarter, sometimes you get it back in the next quarter, but I don't see any different trends as far as losing market share or losing business than we see in our overall day-to-day business.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, I think it's all volume effect. We've worked very hard and diligently to get the first half raw material increases passed through our customers, and I think we've done an excellent job in doing that. What we see really is pretty much across the board volume concerns, all related to the price of food.
Henry J. Theisen: No, they're going to be spread around. We're going to have closings in North America, South America, Europe. It's really a global effect. It's not concentrated in one region.
Henry J. Theisen: That's a good question, because the currency changes that we saw in the third quarter have affected our performance. And also, the just overall Brazilian economy slowing down has affected our operations. As we got together at the end of the second quarter and put together our guidance, we really did not expect to see the Brazilian economy slow as it has, nor did we factor in the currency effects. So it did affect our third quarter performance, and it's part of our fourth quarter guidance. The slowing economy in Brazil has affected our volumes, more so than we had planned at the end of the second quarter. And the currency effects, it's kind of strange because the currency effects have a change of about 10% with most of -- a lot of our raw materials being imported drastically increased the price of the raw materials and then the Brazilian manufacturers of competitive products also increased price to match this currency effect on imports. And in all parts of the world, we really caught up on the raw material increases of the first half of the year. This is kind of a unique situation now where our Brazilian operations have to deal with both the volumes and the currency effect raising the raw material costs.
Henry J. Theisen: In our Brazilian and our Latin American really don't operate on contracts as much of the North American. So it's more of a day-to-day negotiation or an order-to-order, and our management team in Latin America understands where they operate, and they're out pushing these raw material increases through as best they can, and I'm sure they’ll be very successful as they have shown to be in the past.
Henry J. Theisen: I’ve ventured this a number of times where you have some macroeconomic conditions that affect volumes, and our customers recognize that packaging really drives a lot of opportunities for them and they have to differentiate themselves on the marketplace. And as you enter these times, I think the product development activities actually pick up because you're competing more and more for that same purchase. A good example of that is our Dip & Squeeze, which has come out now and which is growing and is – you’d think nothing would happen with ketchup, but it is generating a lot of sales in the ketchup arena. And so I think that's a good example and I really believe when you hit these areas, new products are what customers look for because it helps differentiate from everybody else in the marketplace.
Henry J. Theisen: Mayor Packaging, I think, was a very strategic move for us. We all know that the Asia Pacific rim is growing. We have been looking for a good entry where you can get a base to grow your business. We've acquired, I think, an excellent operational team, excellent management, and hopefully, they'll be just like our people in Brazil and help us grow the business. We intend to continue to invest in that part of the world. We think we have a base where we can move some of our higher technology products that get into packaging proteins. I think we can grow our medical business on this foundation. So we hope to expand or we plan to expand both the markets that they service, which are in the retort area and the pouch area, as well as implant some of our technologies that will allow Mayor Packaging to grow in the protein and the medical device in pharma business. So I look at it both ways.
Henry J. Theisen: Our FreshCase trials continue to go well. We are getting more and more people interested in it. Unfortunately, it takes a while to go through all the shelf life testing that's required, but we are starting to generate miniscule sales, and I'm going to call them almost like trial orders. But it's generating a lot of activity and I think we'll start to get some traction in FreshCase in 2012.
Henry J. Theisen: I think that our ability to push the pricing through that we saw from the raw material increases and commodity increases in the first half of the year went very well. I think it went just like some of the others that we've experienced in the past. Customers always want to push back and we know when you have raw material costs that make up 50% of your selling cost, you have to get those through or you cannot stay alive. And our operating guys and our sales force and our marketing people know that very well, and push hard to drive those through.
Henry J. Theisen: Yes, there are a couple different influences on our current volume trends. One is just macroeconomic conditions and what the consumer behavior has done, which is weakening the volumes at the retailer level. Second is that we're in a seasonal period where fourth quarter is usually relatively weaker for us. Third, all of our customers in the supply chain has gotten exceptionally tight at this point in the year. And so that's constricting volumes as well, which has some year-end effect to it that will not -- that we expect will not be the case when we get into 2012. And then in Brazil, the volumes have fallen precipitously from where they were just a couple of months ago. So those are at least 4 volume trends that are different now than they were earlier this year.
Henry J. Theisen: No. The arithmetic on the percentage margin always goes down in a rising raw material environment because we protect our operating profit dollars, but we see no reason why over time, we're not going to be able to continue to improve our overall operating profit margins and our flexible profit margin -- flexible packaging profit margins as part of that.
