Melanie E. R. Miller: Thank you, operator. Welcome to our third quarter 2012 conference call. Today is October 25, 2012. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, www.bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Henry Theisen; and our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Scott Ullem. Today, Henry will begin with comments on the performance of the business, followed by Scott with comments on the detailed financial results. After our comments, we will answer any questions you have. [Operator Instructions] Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material cost and availability, industry competition, unexpected consumer buying trends, changes in customer order patterns, our ability to pass along increased costs in our selling prices, unexpected costs related to our facility consolidation program and plant closing, interest rate fluctuations and regional economic conditions. A more complete list of risk factors is included in our regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011. Now I'll turn the call over to Henry Theisen.
Melanie E. R. Miller: In -- one, in total count, if you just look at flexible packaging, volume was down a little over -- it's about 3.7%, and then that was offset by improvements in both price and mix. It gets down to a total change in price volume, excluding acquisitions and currency, of a decrease of 1.8%.
Melanie E. R. Miller: No, that's the organic number. Acquisitions actually did have a positive impact of 1.3%. So if you ignore FX and you ignore acquisitions, both of those impacts, you're left with an organic 3.7%.
Henry J. Theisen: Yes, I do expect that to continue. Our products in the high barrier and in the areas of sterility -- food safety and sterility are excellent products. The thermal formability, the sealability, the barrier properties are prized by our customers, and we have good quality and consistent films. We also have a good backlog of new products and new developments coming out of our R&D organizations. In addition, part of the price mix improvement that we see are some of the pricing actions that we took as we looked at our various facility consolidations. And products that did not satisfy the margins that we feel we need to move the business, we took the appropriate actions. So it's kind of a combination of the products that we make are taking market share, we have a strong bench of new products to offer for high barrier, food safety and sterility, and the specific pricing actions also help.
Henry J. Theisen: Oh, we had a lot of pushback. No one likes to accept price increases, and they just had to make a decision at the end of the day whether they wanted to stay to be a Bemis supply customer or whether they wanted to find somebody else. And there was a lot of pushback and it was a -- our marketing and sales team did an excellent job of managing through that. Again, I want to point out that, that is a small part of our business. It was not a major thing. It was taking a look at what materials that we make in the plants that we are closing and is it appropriate to spend the money and the time and the effort to move that business, or is it not appropriate.
Henry J. Theisen: Our flexible packaging in Europe? We are closing a facility. We had announced that, I think, about 3 months ago. So we are shrinking our footprint a little bit. Our strategy in Europe, as it's always been, is to make value-added products. And we have 2 businesses in Europe. One is in the medical device area, and that's a very good business for us and we're very happy, and it's continuing to provide appropriate margins and profits. We have a food packaging business that is suffering as the economy suffers. So let's say, we adjusted one footprint, one plant is going down, we're moving some equipment around and we're concentrating on those value-added products and the technology that we offer and going forward.
Henry J. Theisen: I think that across all of our businesses, as far as price competitiveness, it is the same as it's always been. And our customers are always looking for savings. We're always trying to develop products that put us ahead of our customers -- our competitors, excuse me, and we win some and we lose some. And I don't think it's changed over the last few years.
Henry J. Theisen: I think that we have planned this with the operating guys. The operating guys are on board. We have a timetable laid out. We have specific action items that we know each of our business units are responsible for. We know, inside those business units, which individuals are responsible to accomplish the specific tasks that need to accomplish this. So we have a very good plan. We have the people identified. The people know exactly what their responsibility to deliver is, and we're going to do this very successfully and our customers will -- this will be seamless to our customers.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, I can answer the last part of that first. I don't believe we've seen that. No. I couldn't identify that. So -- and the other part is we have seen some uptick in some volumes in our high-barrier area that we pointed out, meat and cheese, liquid and dairy. And then we've seen some of our other products which are more on the competitive side, the side that we've taken more pricing actions with and been more firmer, in the bakery and some of those type areas, candy, cookies, snacks, we've seen some of those tail off a little bit for us.
Henry J. Theisen: I think the fact that you're seeing some of these slaughter rates go up and you do know that it takes, from the time that they start building the herds, it takes about 3 years to build that herd back up. We factor that into our plans. It does cause us to think about it, to put it into our CapEx plans, put it into our business plans, but -- and we do know that rising food costs will affect the volumes. However, when we look at our business, we look at how much business we can take from our competitors based on the quality of our -- and consistency of our products. We also look at adding new features, new barriers, new structures and new products to serve the protein business. And so we think we can overcome that. As I said, we have a very strong development line coming through, various new products. And I think that's going to overcome any challenges we may have on volumes, just related to the size of the herds.
Henry J. Theisen: I think, by the end of 2013, we will have substantially completed that effort. Excuse me, by the end of 2012, we will have substantially covered that, and our customers' terms will be in line with the Bemis strategy.
Henry J. Theisen: I don't think there's any specific change that's occurring right now. I think it's just a general trend that continues.
Henry J. Theisen: I don't see so. I know there's a lot of talk about changing from cans to pouches and things, but we haven't seen that really kick into our volumes yet.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, the Brazilian economy has slowed a little bit. It's gone from kind of growing from 6% to 8% to having very low growth. Our strategies are the same as they have been before this change. We continue to want to invest in materials and in products that attack food safety and that attack sterility, and we're going to continue that program of transferring technology and putting higher technology products for food safety and sterility into that marketplace.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, I think that we have excellent product pipeline. We're trying to always improve things like barriers. We're always trying to improve things around sealability. We're always trying to improve things to get better formability, extended shelf lifes. And no matter what market it is, those are the things we work on, and adding convenience features, easy open. We try to attack things to improve sustainability. We have a new rigid program that eliminates PVdC in a lot of these cups you use for dairies and liquids. We have programs that are expanding into retort packaging, aseptic packaging. In many parts of the world, they don't have refrigeration like we have, so we're attacking those markets. And the core understanding of our polymer science is what allows us to make products that satisfy our customers' needs.
Henry J. Theisen: As far as our margins improving in our flexible packaging business, the best thing that could happen for us is to get just a couple of percent growth overall in our packaging business. So if we can get a little bit of growth, we can keep moving that margin up.
Henry J. Theisen: Yes, we expect 2013 to be another strong free cash flow year, marching from $350 million this year up to $500 million in 2014. Our priorities for cash are unchanged: number one, we're going to continue to pay an increasing dividend; number two, we're going to fund sufficient return internal growth investment; number three, we will fund -- we will help fund episodic acquisitions, which will likely be on the smaller side and likely be outside of the U.S. moreso than in the U.S.; and then finally, using the balance sheet to manage the debt-to-equity ratio. And so, you won't see us -- we don't want to get too far below 2.0x. And if we do, then we're going to be in the market buying back shares.
Henry J. Theisen: I think the best answer to that question is, we're basing in our plans for the fourth quarter a flat resin market, open specialty and on the commodity area.
Henry J. Theisen: I don't -- this is my guess. It's not anything that -- we're not factoring in inflated markets for the specialty resins.
Henry J. Theisen: Okay. I can take that one. These 2 distributors, when we bought the shrink bag business, were distributors for this case at the time, which is -- who've company we acquired the shrink bag business from. So we continued to work with them and they were our distributor of the shrink bag product lines. When we acquired Alcan, we also acquired a manufacturing site and a sales organization in New Zealand that we're selling into the market. So we were finding ourselves competing with ourselves. And this was just an opportune time that came up for us to eliminate that -- to manage that much better by buying out the distributors now, and we receive their sales force and those customers and it just strengthens the operation that we already have.
Henry J. Theisen: I think we have to talk about -- if we have a market that goes up and down or goes up slowly or in some kind of a uniform way, we can handle those ups and downs of the resin market. The problem that we had about 1 year ago or a 1.5 years ago is that it shot up like a rocket and we could never catch up. So, I mean, if we hit markets where you're adding 5%, 10% increase in raw materials month over month over month over month, so that in a short period of time, your basic normal raw materials go up a third, that puts us behind the 8 ball and it takes us a little bit to get through it. If we're going to have modest increases or increases that occur over a uniform time in a more gradual operation, our systems and how we handle those increases, we're able to deal with that.
Scott B. Ullem: Adam, they're not -- we're on the same program, which is that we expect that $50 million in annualized cost savings as we get into 2013. The only difference is that we got more of those net cost savings, net of some of the inefficiencies associated with them, earlier than we would've expected. So that's why we ended up with about $5 million in the third quarter of benefit. That's a little earlier than we expected.
Scott B. Ullem: I'm not sure I understand the question, but let me try to answer it and you tell me if I got it right or not. So far, through the third quarter, we are on track to -- we have recognized cost savings amounting to $20 million on a annualized run rate basis. By the end of, call it the second quarter of 2013, we will be on a $50 million annualized cost savings run rate. And so the slope between here and Q2 of 2013, I can't be any more precise than that, but that's the path that we're on.
Scott B. Ullem: I think we expect all $50 million on an annualized basis to fall to the bottom line. Those are cost savings. By the end of the year -- I can't give you more precision around, by the end of 2012, what run rate we'll be on. And in the third quarter, we would've expected, actually, to have more onetime inefficiencies like what I talked about, lower productivity from equipment, higher waste on equipment that's being relocated. And so we actually didn't expect that we were going to get this $5 million in net cost savings in Q3. And I think, in Q4, there may be more offsets to some of those cost savings.
Scott B. Ullem: And so as we've mentioned, we've seen pretty strong volumes in the roll label side in our pressure sensitive materials segment. We've seen volume weakness in our graphics and technical products. This is a seasonal slow period for us in pressure sensitive, and we're pleased with the performance that we've seen just in terms of tracking year-over-year performance consistent with where we were in 2011. We're not going to give a specific forecast, though, for the fourth quarter in pressure sensitive materials.
Scott B. Ullem: Adam, I'm not sure I can, I'm not sure I can give you a baseball inning analogy. What I will say is we're very focused on making sure that we're getting appropriate returns on our investors' capital. And to be more specific, we spent a lot of time analyzing our business by division and by geography to assess where we've got the best opportunities to put capital to work on internal growth initiatives, on external acquisition initiatives and on financially engineering the balance sheet. And what I guess -- what I can tell you is, the management team, our board, all of our employees are very focused on improving our returns on invested capital.
