Henry Theisen: Well, just to be clear, there was no discontinued operations in, in our income statement in our 10-Q, and none of the guidance that we have put out there is included in discontinued operations. So it’s really stripped out of all the numbers we talked about. 
Henry Theisen: Gosh, I believe it is still there. The major retailers still continue to sell fresh meat prepackaged by the slaughterhouses. This will give an opportunity that they can brand it if they wish to brand it. If it is expanding in the marketplace. And I think we have an excellent opportunity in the segment of the business that we really don't participate in currently. Operator: We'll take our next question from Sara Magers with Wells Fargo.
Henry Theisen: Sure. Why don't I tackle the first one, which is the reduction in SG&A. SG&A actually grew in the second quarter over second quarter of 2009, with the addition of the – of the Food Americas acquisition. And so we're still – we're still integrating operations and we're still getting benefit from the – from the rationalization of our structure. But we've seen -- we've realized most of the benefits that we originally set out to realize in SG&A in year one of the acquisition. 
Henry Theisen: You know we're very happy with the improvement of our pressure-sensitive business over last year. Last year we had to take some very difficult steps to react to how the economy was behaving especially with our roll label business. We have been able to maintain that cost structure as we’re seeing our sales go up, so that’s driving some margin improvement. We've also taken a look at our business over the last three or four years, and drove our business from roll label where we want to maintain what we have, but we drove our business more into the graphics area and into the technical markets and we're starting to see some sales growth as a result of those activities. As far as your last question, I think we can get up above 8.5%, but it’s not a double-digit return business, it’s a business that’s going to be in that 8 to 10%.  Operator: We'll take the next question with Chris Manuel from KeyBanc Capital. 
Henry Theisen: Well, I think it's really a global market. You know, the technology that we have, that would allow you to use vacuum packaging which really tenderizes the meet and can extends the shelf life would be applicable in all of the regions of the world where we do business. The largest market here in North America and we looked at this few years ago, we thought it was approximately a $400 million market. I wouldn't have any intelligence to say it's any different. But we're very excited about it. It is something that we don't get a chance to participate in, so it has given us a lot of good growth opportunity of ourselves. And we think we will deliver some features for the consumer that will be as far as convenience, the ability to freeze it without repackaging it, the extended shelf life, easy open, all of those types of convenience features. I think this will be an excellent product for our customers and the consumers.
Henry Theisen: Claudia, right now our resin mix is about in terms of volume, a little bit more than 50% in polyethylene and polypropylene. In terms of cost, it may be 50-50, or maybe a little bit more in dollar terms for the specialty resins that we buy.
Henry Theisen: Claudia, I think that the resins that Alcan Food Americas purchased would lie very over the resins that we would purchase and it would be very similar.
Henry Theisen: We did put a lot of effort into improving the assets that we have in our Western European business, and most of those businesses we acquired as parts of a different acquisition. And we transferred -- we worked hard at transfer technologies to make value added products. Those areas that we have invested in, where we transferred our ice technologies, our polyester technologies, are shrink bag technologies, those assets are performing very well, and the usage of those assets is pretty strong.
Henry Theisen: Absolutely. We still are very acquisitive. We've got a good balance sheet. We're looking for acquisitions that can add technology. We look for acquisitions that can grow our geography or add new customers. So, we are very acquisitive and interested in acquiring businesses that will fit our growth strategy.
Henry Theisen: It’s probably a good proxy for the run rate that we'll have at least going forward where we were up $2.2 million second quarter 2010 over 2009. And I would emphasize what Henry mentioned about our Bemis Innovation Center which is a very important cornerstone of our growth strategy to offer our flexible packaging customer differentiable value added products and that comes from our – now enhanced R&D group. Operator: We’ll take our next question from Tim Thain with Citigroup.
Henry Theisen: Over the last – this will be the third year in a row that we've had CapEx spending substantially below D&A in our Bemis units. And previous to that we saw some opportunities to add technology and to add capacity where needed, which we did. We filled up a lot of that capacity. We have been very good in our world class manufacturing in driving productivity, reducing waste, getting substantially more output out of the equipment we have.  With the acquisition of Alcan, we’re finding that they also have assets which are similar to ours, and as you start to focus these are all the assets throughout the new Bemis, and we improved the productivity we focused those assets we get more off of those assets. So I think we could have a couple years here of reduced CapEx spending below D&A.  Now, the FreshCase and a few other things we have in our R&D repertoire break out, we will be happy to increase that spending for those new products.
Henry Theisen: You know we intend to see a margining up of the flexible business. And I think it’s going to be hard to really pick out which ones come from new products and which comes from uplifting the acquisitions sales and the acquisition margins that we acquired here.George Staphos – Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. I'll turn it over and I'll be back, thanks. Operator: We'll take a follow-up question from Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank.
Henry Theisen: Well, I think we're going to start to see improvements in our Mexican business in the fourth quarter and through 2011. That’s when I think we're going to start to see the improvements. They will probably take us into 2012 to really get it running right. We bought a small Mexican business a number of years ago, which just kind of got us in the market. The acquisition of Mexico or the acquisition of Food Americas Alcan gave us substantial increase in footprint and in assets that we have in Mexico. It is performing poorer than we thought it would be when we made the acquisition, but our management teams have dug in. We’ve made some changes in the management staff. We have made some changes in our product mix and I think we're going to start to see some of those benefits flowing through the fourth quarter of this year.
Henry Theisen: Well, first off, our resin buy is about half specialty resins and about half polyethylene or commodity grade resins. The specialty resins things like nylon polyesters, [indiscernible] polymers, went up in price, they stayed at those levels. They're not increasing, but they didn't drop. So to begin with, you have half or slightly more than half of your raw materials for the Bemis Company, not changing in the second half of the year. So you're really down to some commodity resins and the timing of when those fell, versus the timing of when we passed those through to our customers, were almost on top of each other, so we're not going to see a large lag because of the timing of when that occurred.
Henry Theisen: That would be fair, George. If resin materials continue to fall -- in the past where we've seen benefits. We've seen that all the resins, whether they were specialty or polyethylene would fall and we are not seeing that with specialty.George Staphos – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Understand. I will turn it over and be back. Thanks. Operator: We'll take our next question from Chip Dillon with Credit Suisse.
Henry Theisen: Right, well, there is some overlap between corporate expense that you saw on the table on our financial statements, and SG&A in the income statement along with other income and expense. So those numbers will be moving around. I think overall, as I mentioned before, we feel good about the cost reduction actions that we've taken as part of our integration plan in 2010. And so you'll see an accumulation of those cost savings over time. As we identify, we're looking for other opportunities, but we haven't quantified any work that we can share at this stage. George Staphos – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch:  All right. Thank you very much, guys. 
Henry Theisen: We can’t, at this point, we integrated the businesses so quickly that we really lost the ability to derive any meaningful trends in call it the legacy Food Americas business versus the legacy Bemis business.
Henry Theisen: And so we really can't break out one versus the other. What we can say is clearly our operating margin percentages are down year-over-year. And that’s really the focus of our attention over the next couple of years, which is how do we improve the overall consolidated operating margin of Bemis company to higher levels. And we feel really good about the plants we have in place and started executing to do that.
Scott Ullem: I'll take the second question on case-ready. As you know, we sell into the protein markets, so we have the marketing, the R&D, the development, the sales people. And in addition, this product is not one that is going to require a lot of CapEx for us to initiate. So I do not foresee SG&A going up as a result of our case-ready efforts.  Operator: We will take our next question from Mark Wilde with Deutsche Bank
Scott Ullem: I think that we're going to have a modest benefit in the third quarter. Likewise, the effect of the resin dropping in the second quarter was very modest. The more commodity resins had a price run-up in the first quarter, which we passed through, through our escalated/de-escalators. And the time of the resin dropping in the second quarter, a lot of that is going to be benefit will be negated by passing those through the escalated/de-escalator clauses of our contracts. So I think we had a very modest effect on resins for the second quarter and I predict a very modest effect on that for the third quarter.
Scott Ullem: You know we really don't have that detail at this point. It’s not something that we're prepared to offer.
Scott Ullem: Okay. I’ll just add near term again we're in the process right now of buying in the minority shares of our Brazilian subsidiary, which will be a 50 or $55 million use of cash we think between now and year end.
Scott Ullem: I think we're seeing some very pleasant surprises as our R&D Group works with the Food Americas R&D group, and that's one of the reasons when we saw some of the subtleties that they have and the way they approach things and you mirror with ours, we have substantial growth opportunities coming out of our R&D Group in the future, and that's why we're going forward and we’re excited about putting the R&D organizations together in what we call the Bemis innovation center and take advantage of those synergies between the development groups.
