Melanie E. R. Miller: Thank you. Welcome to our First Quarter 2012 Conference Call. Today is April 26, 2012. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, www.bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and CEO, Henry Theisen; and our Vice President and CFO, Scott Ullem. Today, Henry will begin with comments on the performance of the business, followed by Scott with comments on the detailed financial results. After our comments, we will answer any questions you have. [Operator Instructions] Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors, including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material costs and availability, industry competition, unexpected consumer buying trends, changes in customer order patterns, our ability to pass along increased costs in our selling prices, unexpected costs related to our facility consolidation program, changes in government regulatory requirements, interest rate fluctuations and regional economic conditions. A more complete list of risk factors is included in our regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011. Now I'll turn the call over to Henry Theisen.
Melanie E. R. Miller: We don't talk about a country, so we won't talk about Brazil by itself, but we look at volumes around the world and in Latin America, so including -- from Mexico down to Brazil, including our Argentina business and in that area, volume was still down compared to first quarter of 2011, but 4% to 5%, so not as -- not down as strongly as it has been as we look at the second half of 2011.
Melanie E. R. Miller: And Scott, it's also true that if you look around the world, there are other places where certain categories that are in -- sold in jars or in boxes in the U.S. are sold in flexible in other parts of the world, for instance, pasta sauces and things like that. But one of the obstacles to making huge changes in those categories is the capital that our customers have installed, where they have got a process, fully depreciated lines that is focused on filling jars or using folding cartons, and for them to switch in a big way to flexible packaging would be a big capital investment. So we do look at innovating those areas when they're launching new products and perhaps their new brands or new flavors might be included in flexible packaging, but to do it in a big way, it would be a big capital investment by our customers.
Melanie E. R. Miller: And actually, just to clarify what you had said, in Latin America, we're mostly legacy Bemis as we acquired some plants from Alcan there, but most of that is legacy Bemis business and volume was down 4% to 5%. However, if you exclude currency, price and mix improvements more than offset that so that we had increased sales in the region of low single digits compared to the first quarter of last year.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Year-over-year pricing, well, volume was down mid-single digits and that was offset by pricing to get -- if you take out the currency and offset it with acquisitions, essentially what you're left with is, the volume and pricing mix wasn't really as a big deal. So if we had total sales down 1.5% ex those items, pricing was up but not enough to offset the volume decline. So volume was down about mid single-digits.
Melanie E. R. Miller: I don't have a breakout of northern Europe versus southern Europe. I don't have that much detail in what I look at, at this level. But volume in Europe was down double digit again from the year before. Part of that reflects the fact that we did get out of some business, second quarter of last year, on purpose some low value add business to improved sales mix. But otherwise, volume was down again year-over-year as it was all of last year 2011. In Asia, it's really tiny for Bemis, so -- and there's so much impact from the acquisition in August that really essentially almost doubled our sales in the Asian region that those trends are not very meaningful in the format that I have them.
Henry J. Theisen: Good morning. My comments today will address the current market environment, what we expect for the rest of this year and our progress on initiatives to improve profitability and return on invested capital. With respect to the current market environment, the generally weak levels of demand that we experienced during the second half of 2011 has continued into 2012 as expected. There are pockets of growth in certain product areas, but overall demand is reflecting careful buying at grocery stores and some trading down by customers to less expensive options that may not use flexible packaging. That said, the growth initiatives of our customers include promotions, as well as new product extensions to be launched in a flexible format. We're also starting to see new business ramp up, which should help to boost volumes during the second half of the year.  During the first quarter, our suppliers announced a number of raw material cost increases. None of these increases is of the magnitude that we saw during the first half of 2011. But they will put modest pressure on operating margins in the second and third quarters until all selling prices can be adjusted. So as we look forward to the rest of the year, we expect raw material cost increases to subside and level out for a while and we expect customer demand to increase as we move into the second half of 2012.  We have made progress in modifying the price agreements with some customers and we'll continue this initiative as contracts come up for renewal. These changes will shorten the time that takes to adjust selling prices when raw materials cost change, reducing the impact of raw material cost changes on our operating performance and cash flows.  We continued to implement specific pricing actions to address poor profitability on some products and we are willing to walk away from business if necessary. We have made progress with our facility consolidation program and expect to complete the closure of 2 of our North American facilities during the second quarter. Our teams are doing a great job of transferring production to new facilities while keeping an eye on costs. At the same time, we are expanding our footprint in China to meet the growing demand from that region. This capital investment will be ramping up commercial production during the second half of this year. In Latin America, we are expanding our capabilities in Brazil to deliver our high barrier technology to our Latin American customers. This market continues to be challenged with slowing economic growth and a relatively strong currency. We have a lot of opportunities for expansion in that region of the world and our business teams are focused on leveraging our global scale to create a competitive advantage and drive growth. We have been closely managing cost in our European operations as we continued to experience sluggish unit sales volumes in the face of a weak European economy. We expect this economic environment to continue through the rest of the year. We are currently working out a number of innovative new products that we are gaining attention from our customers. In addition to our current sales in the dairy segment, we are finding new applications for our rigid sheet film in other liquid products, including pudding, yogurt and baby food. Customers are excited about our recyclable solution that removes environmentally unfriendly polyvinylidene chloride materials from packaging. In another example, our Peel Reseal technology is providing customers with a cost beneficial solution that uses a combination of our easy peel and our pressure sensitive adhesive technologies, to provide easy open and reclosable features.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to Scott to review the financial performance for the quarter.
Henry J. Theisen: Most of the -- the vast majority of that or almost all of them are like corrugated, like you would see for a corrugated box. When you're moving into a dry product, it doesn't require any barrier, anything like that. But we think that's a temporary thing that's going on. People are going to want to go back and my -- I've been here for 37 years, people want -- because they want the barrier packaging, they want the innovative things. Staying in a box to have dry pasta is not where people are going to stay.
Henry J. Theisen: I think the best way to answer your question is what our customers tell us. And our customers are concerned about food inflation, the price of all the grains and the base commodities that increased the first half of the 2011 and now they find themselves having to push those through, so they are concerned about the price of food, food inflation caused by those commodity increases. And they also talk about the increase in gas. When gas gets to $4, and people have to pay more to get back and forth to work, it just takes some buying power out of the marketplace and almost all of our customers talk about concerns based on food volumes, which is really the pricing of the commodities, and what's going on to gas pump.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, specialty resin costs went up in the first quarter of the year and we expect that to be flat. We really expect all of our -- really raw material costs had increases in the first quarter and we expect those to be flat through the rest of the year. So as we go through the second quarter and into the third quarter, they should come in line with what we would typically expect between the price that we sell and what we pay for our raw materials.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, we expect to have close to 100% of our contracts by the end of 2012. It should come up and it should be renegotiated. So we expect this phenomena that we inherited from Alcan to be done with by the end of the year. And we're shooting to get anything from 6 months down to 3 months, or if we can, to 30 days depending upon the individual negotiation. But we do recognize that 6 months is not something that we can maintain.
Henry J. Theisen: If you take a look at Latin America, we do have some excellent growth in our flexible packaging business. We have excellent growth in the areas where technology and barrier are the main core. Where we are receiving some of the pressure is, if you remember, in Latin America, we picked up a folding carton and a paper labels business in the acquisition and that is a very competitive environment and we are seeing pressure with the strong REI where people can import paper labels and some corrugated folding boxes. That's the volume loss. We actually have gains in the areas of our flexible packaging in the areas that we want to operate in.
Henry J. Theisen: I think it's still too early. Our customers are really -- what you're really seeing now is it's kind of worked in the past. Our customers are talking about more innovation, how can they do things, how they can add something that the consumer is going to want to take, so we're seeing more of an uptick in how can we innovate and how can we drive new packaging and bring products that our customers' customers will want, but we haven't seen that as we sit here today in increased volume yet.
Henry J. Theisen: I was just in Latin America last week and our management team is an excellent management team. They recognize what's going on. They continue to drive for value add into the product areas and the markets that we want to do and they're adapting to the lower volumes and the lower market, but like I said before, most of it is volume ups in the part of the business that doesn't generate our future. It's more -- those losses are in the paper labels, folding carton, areas like that.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, our presence in the Asian markets is very small as part of the company. We were very active in the medical device arena in the Asia-Pacific region. We picked up a small plant in New Zealand, in the fresh meat area, which excites us for that part of the world. And last September or August, we made an acquisition of a company that is operating in more of the higher end part of the China operations, with retort packaging, standup pouches, things that we consider more of the value add part of it. We're expanding those facilities, the facility that we bought in the business was fully -- was full. We're putting in additional equipment and we have a good growth plan for that area, but it is still a smaller part of our business.
Henry J. Theisen: I think the biggest risk is still to the consumer around the environment, the economic environment that we're in.
Henry J. Theisen: Our non contract business, we have the ability to increase prices on specific orders when they come in and we were very diligent in making those price adjustments. We raised prices very early in 2011 and we raised them more than once. And as that is a smaller part of our business, we realized catch up in our raw material and our pricing sooner than we did in the contract business.
Henry J. Theisen: The flexible packaging always has been a very competitive marketplace and it still is. And we see that competitive pricing everyday, where we have to win, as we have to win with our products with the technology, with materials science, with new innovations, and we will and we have in the past, if pricing is not where we have to be and where we want to be, we will walk away from that business.
Henry J. Theisen: No, I don't think so. I think we continually try to improve our product mix and we continue to improve what we do and we know we look at our capital and our CapEx and make sure that we only spend on projects that increase the margin and affect the bottom line.
Scott B. Ullem: Well, we're simply expecting, based upon signals that we've seen and heard from our customers, that volumes in flexible packaging are going to strengthen in the second half of 2012. And there are a lot of data points and anecdotal influences that lead us to believe that we feel pretty confident that there's going to be some pick up in the second half. What we don't know is whether that's a moderate pick up or a more significant pick up in volumes.
Scott B. Ullem: It's really volume and there's a little bit of price through various different market categories that we serve, but really volume has been the key headwind that we've faced in the top line.
Scott B. Ullem: Good morning, Benjamin, it's Scott. We've seen a little bit of seasonal uptick as we always do going from first quarter to second quarter, but volumes are still muted and below where we'd like to see them.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure, Chris. There will be some benefits as we get later into the year 2012. But the benefits are almost entirely offset by some short term inefficiencies of moving production from plants that we're closing to plants that we're expanding. And so we're adding production to adjusting facilities. So really we don't expect see any net cost benefits in 2012 and they'll show up in 2013. Obviously, there's not a hard line at December 31 and January 1, but that's the way to think about it for 2012.
Scott B. Ullem: Adam, this quarter, our adjusted gross margins are 17.7%. We think that normalized, they'll be higher than that, I don't want to give a specific target number, but as we do improve our pricing alignment between cost of raws and selling price of our products, we'd like to see those gross margins tick up towards high teens and even on the 20% line.
Scott B. Ullem: Well, again, it's tough to predict what raw material prices are going to do, but in a stabilizing raw material environment, we should see some improvements by the end of the year in 2012 on the gross margin line.
Scott B. Ullem: There's always a lot of deal flow in packaging and this year is no exception. There have been a number of small transactions and we've really been looking at a lot of things more outside of the U.S. than in the U.S. and what we've been looking at is generally fairly small and less than $100 million size range. But we're going to be really disciplined here as we think about external growth because we've got so many opportunities internally with the facilities consolidation program, our world-class manufacturing, focus on pricing. The internal opportunities for us right now are so significant that, that's really we're -- that's really what we're targeting here in 2012. Not to say that we're not going to do acquisitions, but what we're looking at is smaller in size and generally outside of the U.S.
