William F. Austen: Thanks, Mike. We have encountered some significant challenges in our U.S. and Latin American businesses this year, but we are using this as an opportunity to drive change across our organization. As Mike outlined, we are taking actions to improve our cost structure. Beyond these near-term activities, there are two additional areas we are focused on to help drive the long-term success of Bemis Company. One, our culture. We've been working on transitioning ourselves to a results-oriented organization. My view is that we have made progress. However, when it comes to the pace of change proliferating through our organization, I am admittedly impatient because I know we can move faster. It doesn't mean we aren't moving, we just need to step up the pace with increased consistency and accountability. Two, our go-to-market efforts. In the U.S., we will continue to serve and highly value our large CPG customers. Beyond that, we need to pursue the pockets of growth that are available in the U.S. market, whether that be small to midsize customers, non-food categories or trends such as organic or fresh. We have recognized this need in the past. The difference today is that we are analyzing options that would further allow us to deliberately organize our resources to pursue these pockets of growth. We have invested in the right equipment through our asset recapitalization program that provides new quick-change printing presses and splitters to serve small runs well. But we also need the business mindset that recognizes the value of hunting, winning and serving smaller size customers and orders. We are approaching this work in a very thoughtful manner and I anticipate that we will define a path forward as we come into 2018. The entire management team and I are confident that our efforts and actions will address our challenges. We have the determination and the intensity to improve and are committed to transforming our business and positioning Bemis to deliver enhanced value to our shareholders over the long term. With that, I'll turn the call over to questions.
William F. Austen: Scott, we had a nice first quarter in Brazil, okay, all of Latin America. We saw a stable environment. We saw volumes stable. We had hit our expectations through Q1. We saw weakness in the very tail end of June, and you have to think through how our customers react in – our customers that react with retail. They have to figure out what the heck is going on. So, we didn't necessarily see these call downs or this future call down going forward into the third and fourth quarter until we were through the month of June. I actually went to Brazil in the last week of June and met with several local and multinational customers to try to understand what they were seeing. And at that time, not that they all use the same words, but they all pointed in the same direction, we have got to bridge to 2018. So, actually had some large customers apologize for the fact that their back-half of the year was going to be weaker than the front-half of the year. So we were not in a position at that time. We saw weakness in some pull from customers, but at that point, we didn't have visibility to what the back-half of the year was going to look like.
William F. Austen: Hey, Scott, first of all the $140 million that we referred to was growth and recap. So, I just want to remind you that there was a lot of recapitalization in there, which we still – it would generally give us the type of returns, if not better than we expect. As far as go forward, we're still working through that. But clearly with our performance, we are going to look for every possible way in the future to lower our spending. But we're not at a point to make – have an opinion yet on what we'd like to tell people.
William F. Austen: Yes. This is Bill. We have very large positions in Brazil across both flexibles and rigid packaging. The large call downs of the consumption drop came across some of the more luxury items, if you will. And when I talk luxury items, I'm talking about ice cream, high-end yogurt, things of those nature. Flexibles business did not see the same type of consumption drop as we saw across some of those other categories, primarily in ice cream and in yogurt.
William F. Austen: Yes. The restructuring was all about productivity, taking fixed costs down. And, where we are right now is, we have a very sound and solid footprint of manufacturing across Brazil. We have it where we want it. And the cost reductions now will be more in the variable side of things as we get through this bump in the road that the Brazilian economy, the lack of consumption in some of those higher-end products. Again, as we said in my comment, there's also a mixed variation here so that, as some of the brand – not brands, but categories value down to a lower margin mixed product, we have got to continue to serve those markets. As I said, we have very large positions across the Brazil marketplace. And we don't see further plant consolidations, but we will obviously look for other ways to bring down variable costs and fixed cost in those areas where it's doable.
William F. Austen: Health care is performing well. The issues that we had in 2016 are completely behind us. Our service levels are at all-time highs. Our quality is extremely – doing extremely well. Our output is actually very well. Health care is back on track and doing well within the business. And we will continue to invest and push that business to increase their profitability, increase their productivity and move that business ahead. And the SteriPack acquisition that we made has completely been integrated, and that is doing very well as well.
William F. Austen: No. That was not the case, Ghansham, the latter part of that question. The back-half of the year, we see that volumes, as Mike mentioned, will be similar to the front-half of the year for Brazil. We don't see where that – we'll see it ramp through – begin to ramp up at the tail end of Q3 and continue to ramp through Q4 because, as Mike said, that's the start of the Brazilian summer, and we are hearing from customers that they are going to be pushing promotions and doing things to try to drive that volume back up again. But we'll see slight demand as we go through Q3 and then we'll see demand come back up in Q4.
William F. Austen: Oh. I don't currently have that, but it was pretty much flat through the quarter, and as we got to the tail end of the quarter, we saw huge – we saw orders drop, consumption drop significantly.
William F. Austen: I would tell you that there was destocking that took place. If you talk to the customer base, you understand how they push product into the market. There was probably some destocking that is taking place, and it was not an issue of share loss for us within the quarter in Brazil.
William F. Austen: First of all, I would think of them more falling into the various segments. And I want to be really clear, when we announced $55 million to $60 million, we already had the projects identified. We only announce the ones we are comfortable, that we have finalized the execution and implementation plan. So we do have those projects identified, and all we're going to be doing over the next few months is finalizing the implementation plans. I don't want you to leave thinking that if something is already done, we're not doing it. We just kind of made a decision to kind of button everything up. And then as we come into the Q3 earnings cycle, we'll be able to finish the restructuring, give you a lot more color on the cost savings and how to think about it.
William F. Austen: It's a very good question. And I can tell you that we have – and I say we, my leadership team, including the Presidents and P&L leaders within this company, have been over this back-half forecast once, twice, three times, four times. And we have a high degree of confidence that those things that are within our control, we have under control. But again, I don't control the Brazilian economy, I don't control consumption anywhere across Latin America. So, those things that are within our control, we're on top of. Those things that are outside our control, we will continue to deal with as quickly as possible.
William F. Austen: Yes. Back-half of 2017, we'll see some slight increases in volumes in the U.S. And in the Global business, we'll see a back-half of the year that's similar to the first-half on volumes.
William F. Austen: Yes. The issue around Q1 was volume in U.S. Packaging up 1%. You expect profit to be better related to mix. We're seeing nice volume gains in the big middle, which is what our strategy has been, to bring in business in the big middle, which is outside of the CPGs, and to go after smaller, shorter runs from customers. And that has to do with their whole recapitalization program that we've put in place. So, we are starting to get wins in that area, and we still have that headwind that we had to overcome in – with the ERP implementation. That is behind us now, as Mike said in his remarks. We – the plant has done a nice job getting the issues behind us. Now they have to deal with working their backlog down as we go through Q3 and Q4.
William F. Austen: Yeah. Jason, we're doing this work right now and I'm not in a position to announce what it is or give a lot of color around what it is the teams are looking at, but it's about speed, okay? It's about quoting quicker, responding quicker. They are shorter runs so you don't have a long run of a campaign on equipment, so you need assets focused at being able to get orders on and off of the equipment quicker. That has been a lot of what our recapitalization efforts have focused on, but we need to have the organizational alignment and people wrapped around it so that we can attack those markets in the marketplace, bring the business in and get it out the door. That's part of the big middle that we've talked about for the last few years, and we've seen wins in those areas now. So, it's just putting some more organizational horsepower behind it to get it moving, and we'll be in a position to talk about that more in 2018.
William F. Austen: Right now, our focus is on getting the cost structure right in U.S. Packaging, so we haven't put pen to paper on that in recent history. In Global, I will tell you that the 10-plus-percent goal absolutely continues to be doable and achievable. So, a bump in the road right now in Brazil is external. It is all about consumption. When consumption comes back, and it will, our business is extremely strong in that region. It will continue to be strong in that region and what we're doing just makes it even stronger, and it helps leverage margins even greater. So, 10-plus-percent in Global is absolutely achievable and doable.
Michael B. Clauer: Nothing has changed with our capital allocation process. The reason there was no repurchases in Q2 was because we were busy evaluating and finalizing some of our restructuring and how much would be used for cash. Our investment grade rating and our leverage target of 2.5 is important to us. That's why it didn't happen in Q2. But to reiterate, if there are no acquisitions imminent and we can stay comfortable within our leverage profile, we would return those shares – that money to shareholders via dividend and repurchases.
Michael B. Clauer: We're focused right now on cost takeouts. We'll be putting a lot of thought and effort into Latin America this quarter as we kind of really understand what the economic outlook is for the region. But, we're not in a point yet to really talk about 2018 and beyond.
Michael B. Clauer: When – yes, when we are complete with the implementation, which we still have a handful of plants to go that will be completed kind of Q2, Q3 of next year, there would be some cost takeouts associated with that when it's complete. And it would be in our program management office that we're targeting to take out SG&A.
Michael B. Clauer: I think, at this point, we're just – in the way we look at these projects flowing, we would use about $5 million at this point in time. Clearly, a plant closure is going to be heavier on non-cash type activities other than severances and the workforce. I think it's just really, today, it's the way we – it's flowing. And one comment I will make, to the extent we can accelerate anything, we'll accelerate it. And as I made the comment on cash flow is, as we do that, we'll be as transparent as possible to highlight the changes being made to our outlook on cash flow for that.
Michael B. Clauer: I think, yes, to a lot of your questions. We do, when we look at cash flow, we look at the working capital requirements of the business. Number two, we made a lot of progress last year and well, actually, we've made a lot of progress in 2015, 2016 continuing in this year. I think the biggest driver first half of 2017 has been continued DPO, days payable outstanding, increasing those. I think we're probably at a point now where we've achieved our objectives and we're going to hold those going forward. I look at AR and I think we've done a great job with accounts receivable, and don't see as DSO changing at all. And then our big area of continued focus in the future is going to be inventory. We've not made – we candidly have not made a lot of progress globally on inventory, but a lot of that reduction is going to be tied to the completion of implementing our common ERP platform, including supply chain management, et cetera, which we really think, as we get into 2018 and 2019, are some nice additional opportunities.
Michael B. Clauer: Yes, absolutely. Our business normally – our softest quarter is generally Q4, so we tend to always see some nice operating cash coming out of working capital because it's just a slowdown – the seasonality and the slowdown of the business, primarily in the U.S.
