Henry J. Theisen: First of all, the amount of business that we lost would be minimal in comparison to our total sales. So it's not a very large amount of money, a large amount of revenue. I think we pretty well had our conversations with our customers, and it's really in their hands to decide if they like to move a little bit of the volume or leave it with us at a different price level. But all in all, it is not a lot of revenue that's at risk here.
Henry J. Theisen: I think, Scott, that's more of 2013 issue for us. And we'll see how that plays out. We're in the food business, that's protein business. We're down a little bit even in this food inflationary times, our meat sales are up slightly. So it'll be interesting to see how that plays out later in 2013.
Henry J. Theisen: I think that's both of those things, Ghansham. We're looking-through just what our footprint is and where we can best manufacture. As we talked about even with Alcan acquisition, some of this comes from picking out which best runs, which places and I think it's a little bit of both.
Henry J. Theisen: I don't know if we would really be qualified to answer that. I think that really has to come from our customers. We have our own little views, but they are views. And then they wouldn't be based in what customers are thinking.
Henry J. Theisen: No, I don't think so. There's nothing we can really call out that would -- significant change or drastic change in our product portfolio.
Henry J. Theisen: No, I think our new product launches are very well coming along. And that's what's really -- when we talk about modest growth in our high-value packaging, that's what's driving it. That's why I gave those few examples just to show you some of the things that we're doing. We're getting some modest volume growth because of the new packages and the new products that we're putting out in the marketplace. So that's why our high-value end is doing better than the more commoditized area.
Henry J. Theisen: I -- we're all sitting in the same economy. We're looking at the same -- what's going on in the world and I wouldn't know what's going to change where we are today. But as you know, we all have the same view of the economy.
Henry J. Theisen: No, it's the first part of your question. In fact, a lot of -- when we're shorting down these facilities, these are facilities that are -- all the facilities that are in need of capital for new roofs, heating, ventilation, electrical systems, things that aren't going to add anything to our returns, or they're in locations that we can't fundamentally expand. So we're doing -- is we're taking out -- we're just closing those facilities and moving a lot of that equipment into other facilities to maintain our capacity, and so we can service the markets the we're in. It really is giving us a better footprint and avoiding some CapEx expenditures in the future.
Henry J. Theisen: I think you're right. When you first see this, they can't feed the cattle. You'll see the cattle and hogs and more of those will be slaughtered and that will help maintain lower prices for some of the protein products. And then later on you'll see the rise in those products because there's a shortage over in the herd. And what we have been very good at is delivering new products into those markets where our value was added to offset those drops.
Henry J. Theisen: It has nothing to do with the escalator, de-escalator timing. This is just a small -- right now, it's a very small part of our business in couple of places where the pricing is not giving us an adequate return, and it's really below pricing for the market. So we're just going back to our customers and saying, "If we're going to move this business and we're going to maintain support, then we need an adequate price."
Henry J. Theisen: I think that when we complete what we've talked about, that is what we will do for the foreseeable future. We will need to go back and talk about growing in our business and move away from these unfortunate closings.
Henry J. Theisen: That particular facility is one -- it was the largest facility that we're closing. And so what we are in the process of doing is moving equipment into another one of our facilities. So we had planned to close that in the fourth quarter and it is on pace and it we're not slowing it -- or what takes time is the transfer of the equipment into a different facility. But we're on pace.
Henry J. Theisen: We don't -- we really didn't walk away from that. What we're really doing is postponing it. We're taking a look at where our volumes are, and we are just postponing those. We still think they are good projects, in a way to just standard capacity increases and some of the areas that we need to support. We're not walking away from any investments in CapEx that add to our value-added product line.
Henry J. Theisen: Our Pressure Sensitive business is a very competitive business. We're basically the #3 player behind every Avery Dennison and UPM's Raflatac Industries. And I think our quarter is similar to any quarter in that business. I didn't see we lost significant volumes or gain significant volumes and things are pretty much status quo as normal competition in the business.
Henry J. Theisen: No. We have not planned to make any investments in there. We look at those early on, and they were not in the $175 million plan. And that's part of the reason we took them down because they're just not worthy of investment.
Henry J. Theisen: Well first off, the products we expect to roll out are rolling out. I mean no matter what the economy is, we -- our customers need of those new products to differentiate themselves in the marketplace. So our new -- and I went through a couple of them earlier on just to show you that we do have that portfolio of new products. Well, our customers are just saying that they have to pass-through the food inflation. There are no choices.
Henry J. Theisen: Yes. As these corn prices go up, or wheat prices go up, they affect food inflation. We would see some of that this year. Consumer still has to eat, still has to take the products so -- and our new offerings and our new development and our chain of R&D always keeps us ahead of the game.
Henry J. Theisen: That's what it is. Its -- on a sequential basis, we expect volumes to stay about where they are, and -- which is about where they were in 2011. 2011 -- remember, volumes in 2011 were higher in the first half than they were in the first half of this year. And so for the total year, we expect volumes to be down this year about 2% to 3% versus last year. But flat with last year for the second half.
Henry J. Theisen: George, I'd like to point out that in that decade you're talking about, we made some decisions as a management team to invest in a global basis and expand our footprint. And we see -- bought significant assets in Brazil and in Europe, and those were not performing as high as our high-value area. In addition, we -- as the economies of those areas increased, we spent quite a bit of capital to be prepared to do the value-added things that we want to go forward with. So we made some decisions in acquisitions to bring in some pieces of business that were dilutive to those metrics.
Scott B. Ullem: On currency, second half assumes just flat currency. But with where we are today, what's really driving the adjustment guidance is our outlook on volumes, which have come down from where we were even just 3 months ago. On resin, resin we think there's going to be some moderate tailwinds in the second half of the year. Keep in mind that the raw material exposure that we face is including a lot of specialty resins. And so when you see the price of polyethylene, for example come down, it doesn't mean that our whole cost structure is coming down. We do think there'll be benefits in the second half. We fully baked those into our EPS guidance range.
Scott B. Ullem: Our demand for packaging for protein products is pretty well very low single-digit growth year-over-year, irregardless of what's going on in the marketplace.
Scott B. Ullem: George, it's Scott. Good question. The answer is, these facilities are outside of the U.S. And we have extraordinarily higher social costs, postretirement liabilities we've got to cover and so the short term bank for the buck is lower and closing these o U.S. facilities than it is for the facilities that we had announced previously. We're doing it because it's the right thing to do for a geographic footprint. It's the right way to continue to capitalize the ongoing manufacturing facilities we have in place, but the short-term bank cash on return is not as positive as -- for the ones we announced previously.
Scott B. Ullem: Gabe, it's Scott. Our target debt to EBITDA ratio is in the neighborhood of 2x. And so this year, we're continuing to pay down some debt. So that when we do make future acquisitions, we've got more capacity to delever up and still be investment-grade. And that's really the way we plan our leverage ratios, is to maintain that investment-grade rating.
Scott B. Ullem: George, the answer is the strategy that we are executing now is a different strategy than the one we were executing even 2 years ago. Because what we're doing now is rationalizing our significant fixed asset base in order to improve our returns on invested capital. And in order to continue to build profits in the face of end markets that from what we can see into the foreseeable future are not going to deliver any great volume growth for us. So we're setting up the company to be successful from a profitability margin standpoint, from a return on capital standpoint, in light of the new normal in our markets and we feel good about that new strategic direction that we've taken on. It's a lot of work. We've got everyone at Bemis focused on this goal. We're obviously spending a lot of time, a lot of resources and combined with the world-class operations management initiatives that we kicked off, we really feel positive about our ability to be a low-cost, high value-added product provider to our customers.
