Peter Konieczny: Thank you, Michael. In closing, on Slide 11, we finished '24 on a strong note and we are encouraged by the broad-based improvement in volumes we're seeing across most geographies and end markets. Earnings both -- earnings growth in both segments in the second half of fiscal '24, combined with a return to volume growth in the fourth quarter and the trends experienced in the first several weeks of fiscal '25, give us confidence that momentum will continue to build in the underlying business. We expect overall volumes to continue to grow in fiscal '25 and we will maintain a sharp focus on cost control and productivity initiatives to drive solid earnings growth. And importantly, assuming a dividend yield aligned with historical average, at the midpoint of our EPS guidance range, we are well positioned to deliver annualized value generated in fiscal '25 to be in line with the 10% to 15% outlined in our shareholder value-creation model. We will continue to capitalize on opportunities to grow the business by staying close to our customers, providing the support and the differentiated more sustainable packaging solutions they need, to protect, preserve, and promote their products as they drive their own volume growth. We continue to invest in organic growth, including in higher-value priority categories and emerging markets. Strategic M&A is an important source for incremental growth and value-creation and we are committed to a compelling dividend which grows annually. We're confident in our execution capabilities and in the opportunities we have, to continue delivering profitable growth from the underlying business and to create strong free cash flow in fiscal '25 and beyond. Operator, we are now ready to turn the line over to questions.
Peter Konieczny: Yes. Thanks, Ghansham. Let me take that question here and then see if Michael wants to build if needed or required. Look, first of all, we've been very pleased with the performance of the volumes with a sequential improvement from Q3 to Q4, which was even better than what we expected. And we went back to volume growth, which was again better than the low-single-digit decline that we had indicated after Q3. And we've been pleased with that being pretty much broad-based across the different regions and categories. So, it was a broad momentum that was building here and we're very pleased to see that too. Then, if I double-click on where the 1% comes from, and I try to depict that into the different drivers. The first thing that I would say is, it's not necessarily consumer demand. Consumer demand continues to be muted. We would consider that to be low-single-digit down still. And also when we go into '25 with our expectations, we wouldn't assume that that necessarily improves. And what we're seeing is that our customers are starting to do better, our customers. When we talked about this also in the last earnings call, and where we pointed out that our customers are looking for a better balance between volumes and price. And you also see that when you go through some of the announcements that have come out lately. So, that's better and we are demonstrating an ability to win with those customers. And that is through what we have to offer. And I would just call that on a headline, the value proposition that we can bring to the customer. So, that's encouraging. And that's really the driver of the improvement to a large extent. Of course, we are seeing some benefits from cycling out of the destocking that we had last year. In the fourth quarter, to give you a feel, that would have been not really much, maybe a couple of percentage points. But also remember that we're still seeing destocking in the healthcare business that pretty much goes against us. And those would be the major drivers. And they are very consistent with sort of what we're seeing when we look to '25. I hope that sort of answers the question.
Peter Konieczny: Yes, Keith. So, first of all, I would say it's not really a share story here. It comes down to, again, the things that I've mentioned before, the consumer demand we would hope to improve going forward, but we're careful in terms of our expectations for the next year. We're not banking much on that to happen. If it comes, that would be great and that would be providing further tailwinds for us. And again, what you're seeing is, on a comparative basis to prior periods, you would see the stocking sort of cycling off. That gets us a better volume performance in terms of what we report. And a little more color on that, in the first half of '25, we would be comping a pretty broad range destocking versus prior period. However, we said that pretty much came to an end after the first half last year. So, that won't be there in the second-half anymore. And in the first-half, we will still continue to see destocking in the healthcare category, which is pretty much a quarter longer than what we guided towards in Q3 -- in the earnings call after Q3. But that will abate in the back half of the year. And then we continue to believe that our customers, and to a large extent we have good exposure to big global customers, that they will continue to drive their volume performance, which is very consistent with what you're hearing. And we have -- we're partnering up with them. Like we have built a good relationship with them over the past. We always have been very close to the big customers. And as their volumes are coming back, we take advantage of that. So, you pull all that together, that sort of results to -- into the volume guidance of low-single-digit to mid-single-digit next year.
Peter Konieczny: Yes, good question, Adam. I mean, first of all, I'd say that healthcare is as far as I'm concerned, a real gem in our portfolio. Let's start right there. And if we're challenged with the healthcare category, it would really just be on the back of the normalization that the category is seeing after a major dislocation that the category has gone through in the more recent past. And that dislocation is now coming to an end with the category essentially rightsizing their inventories. That's what we're seeing. So, we don't have any concerns overall in the stability and the attractiveness of this category to start right there. But what we're going through until the end of the calendar on the back of what we know right now is really just continued destocking. I can confirm that the high-level estimates that you're doing on volumes is correct in terms of high-single-digits being down in the more recent past. I think that the destocking that we've seen in Q4 is probably slightly better than what we've seen in Q3. And again, on the back of everything that we know, the destocking will come to an end by the end of the calendar. And that would be based on various conversations that we have with our customers and what they're confirming currently is happening in their business. Now, in the back half then when the destocking has come to an end, we're expecting a better volume performance with the business as you would imagine. And we would definitely have no concerns to believe that healthcare can return to growth rates that are in line with the historical averages of sort of mid-single-digits growth. The final point that I'd like to make maybe on healthcare is as I'm thinking through it, how to best answer your question. The destocking that we're seeing in healthcare is actually, when you look at the numbers, quite similar to some other categories that we've seen beforehand. It's just that healthcare started later, pretty much in Q2 last year, and has started mostly with medical on the medical side, which we've cycled through right now. And then with the phase delay, we've seen some impacts on the pharma side, which we're now crunching through. And that will come to an end by the end of the calendar, as I said before.
Peter Konieczny: Yes, George, it's PK here. I'll take that question. Look, beverage in North America is a little more discretionary than many of the other categories that we serve. Think about the acetonics categories as such. We're seeing in the current environment, if you just look at scanner data, sort of low-single-digit to mid-single-digit decline in that category. And that's what we're facing in the market right now. On top of that, I would say that our performance is also somewhat impacted by our exposure to customers that are in their totality underperforming the market. Sort of some low-single-digit, if you want, and that sort of rolls up to our own volume performance. On your question, how do we expect that to continue? I think as we're looking at '25, it will to a large extent come down to the question of how consumer demand is developing in that category going forward. I think we've got to be realistic here. We've got to say that we're not overly ambitious in terms of expecting the volumes to turn around in the near future. We would hope that that's the case. But as we're looking into the next year, I think we're being realistic about that. And it has mostly to do with the discretionary sort of nature of the category that we're exposed to. So, that's how I would answer the question. I hope that helps.
Peter Konieczny: Yes. Hi, Richard. I wonder how I can best sort of answer that question you're asking about refreshing certain areas of the portfolio and seeing potential drags on the performance of the business going forward. I got to -- first of all, I got to remind everyone here, the position that I'm in and it's hard for me right now as an interim to sort of formulate the views on the long-term strategy of the Company, which that sort of touches on when you go to the portfolio. But in essence, having said that, I believe that the business should continue to focus on categories that are more attractive than others. And that would be a starting point, that we feel strongly about focusing the business on certain areas that are potentially value-driven, therefore higher margins and offering better growth than others. In Flexibles, the problem is always -- or the challenge is, you can be everything to everybody and that has never really played out. I'm a big fan of focusing the business on those areas that are more attractive to us. Now, the ones that I would call out here as just as examples is the protein category that we've talked about in the past, which breaks out into meat and into dairy, cheese to be a little more specific. We do like coffee or particularly premium coffee. We do like healthcare. While I did say that we're going through the short-term normalization of the business, we like pet food and so on and so forth. So, that's a good starting point. When you sort of go through the portfolio, you may find other categories that are less attractive and that is something that we sort of need to strategically think through. In terms of geographies, I like the exposure of the business between developed and emerging markets. And there, we would want to continue the journey that we've been on. You've seen us make acquisitions also in the past. If I just look at the healthcare business that we acquired in China, the Flexibles business in India, we made an acquisition in Eastern Europe, which is positive, just to mention a few examples. So, I think that's what we're doing. This is the way how we're thinking about it and we need to continue to think about it. And I hope that provides a bit of color to the question.
Peter Konieczny: Yes, I'm happy to take that question. Look, I'll start out by saying I'm not a big believer in commenting on monthly volume performances because you have big swings in there and you can't really read too much into it. And I think that a quarter is better of an indicator for actual performance. And I would like to stay on that level. So, 1% overall growth in the fourth quarter is a good indication for the momentum that we carry forward into fiscal '25. Now, to the second part of the question, developed markets versus emerging markets, we have in the past quarter seen growth in the emerging markets like you would expect. The developed markets were a little more muted. And what's been encouraging in the fourth quarter is that the developed markets also returned back to growth. And I say that, particularly encouraged by the fact that they also have the large exposure to healthcare, where we have seen continued destocking. So, that's quite encouraging for us. So, again, developed markets performing better. Despite the healthcare destocking, emerging markets continue to grow. And that's the momentum that we carry forward. Hope that helps.
Peter Konieczny: Yes, happy to do that. I mean, these are two big questions or one big question, maybe another one that I can take first. That's a little easier to answer. Let me go to the beverage question first. Substrates in the beverage side of the business, they do coexist, particularly between aluminum and PET and they both have their place. PET typically is, you see that on the go consumption resealable. And that's where PET sort of finds its home. So, in the different categories on beverage, you find PET or cans coexist or aluminum coexist. There is one category where they both sort of compete with each other. And that would be in the subsegment of CSD on the beverage side. Now, over long periods of time, we have seen pretty much constant share between the two substrates in that category. In the more recent past, given the more discretionary environment that we're looking at, consumers are shifting to the better value option. And those tend to be aluminum cans, which are sold in multi-packs through the big box stores and the channel. And because when you take a look at the price points, they seem to be more attractive. So, in the more recent times, we've seen a bit of a share shift to cans on that end. And then we'll have to see how that plays out as the environment normalizes. But it's not been a big trend for us that significantly impacts the volumes because it's really just this one subcategory. So, that said, to the second part of the question, regulatory developments, which is a different animal, but likewise really important for our business. What we've seen in Europe, particularly the packaging and packaging waste regulations come through, and we are obviously taking a close look at that. This is a regulatory development that we, to be honest with you, welcome, because at the end of the day, all these initiatives try to do one thing and try to accomplish one thing, which is, trying to keep plastic waste out of the environment. And that's much aligned with our targets here as a Company and comes back to our efforts in terms of the sustainability -- or on the sustainability side. The developments there, they help us essentially move the industry faster to an end-point that we're more than happy to support and that we feel we're very well-placed to support. We have made great progress on developing more sustainable products, which are designed to be recyclable. And the regulation that we've seen essentially moves the whole industry to the concept of circularity that we want to support and that we want to get in place. So, we're supportive of the regulatory developments there in Europe, but also elsewhere, and we welcome it.
Peter Konieczny: That's a great question, Nathan. You've got to -- you got to distinguish between sort of manned capacity and sort of machine capacity that we have in place. That's the way how sort of we think about it. And on the manned capacity side, we're challenging ourselves in the business really hard to sort of balance that with the actual demand profile as you would expect, right? So, from a manned capacity side, that we were pretty much balanced and that's what we flex, right? When we say we flex, that's what we're flexing. Now if you -- and when you look at the volume development over the more recent past and you know that we've gone through a pretty tough patch here. Obviously, volumes overall have come down and therefore, the machine capacity offers up some headroom for additional volumes, which is encouraging for the future when the volumes come back. But where we do have a challenge as a business then is to flex up again and operationalize essentially the additional machine capacity that we require. Now, there is always -- and that's going to be my last comment on that question, there is always a challenge because the reality is you never have the capacity where you need it. And so, that's -- that never plays out in a perfect world and particularly where we're well-positioned with a compelling value proposition, we are full in terms of our capacity, very oftentimes also from a machine capacity standpoint, but that's something that we need to manage on a tactical day-to-day business.
Peter Konieczny: Well, look, thanks everybody for the interest in the Company and for joining the call. I think the most important thing for me is to really just go back and to -- go back to the key messages for the call. We really had a strong quarter and we've had good questions, but overall, the Company is I think in a good spot with the momentum that we have developed in the fourth quarter to go into '25. We are pretty good about where we stand and where we sit and pretty good about the guidance that we have out there and we're looking at a good year to come. So, thanks very much for the interest in the call and talk to you soon.
Michael Casamento: And maybe Adam, just to pick up on the mix point. Yes, you're quite right. Obviously, the mix is unfavorable in Q4. And with the destocking continuing, if we think about our guidance assumptions for the FY ‘25, we would expect that negative mix to continue in the first half. But then as we head into the second half, it will obviously improve as we're through the destocking. So, on a full year basis, we probably expect the mix to be more neutral.
Michael Casamento: Yes. Thanks, Dan. It's Michael here. I can take that one for you. Look, we've still got a little bit more to go of a buyback that was approved earlier on. So, we didn't do that in Q4. And that's really a function of, we have a good M&A pipeline and there's opportunities there as always. So, we elected to not do the buyback. From a capital allocation standpoint, I mean, the buyback is just one element of that. Clearly the strong cash flow, we direct the CapEx first to grow the business organically. We continue to pay a dividend and you saw us increase the dividend again and then with the free cash flow left over, clearly we'd like to invest that first and foremost in M&A because that's where we get the greatest return. And if that's not available, then the buyback is really the next alternative. So, the buyback is -- and obviously, it's a function of the cash flow performance as well. So, for now, we haven't called out a buyback for '25. We've still got to finish a little bit left over there to do. But we've got a good pipeline of M&A activity. We're expecting the cash flow in the business to be solid through the year as we've guided to $900 million to $1 billion. So, we'll see how things play out as we work our way through the year and if there's capacity to do the buyback, we'll do it.
Michael Casamento: Yes, you're quite right. I mean, we've been in a highly inflationary environment. Clearly, inflation is abating, though it's still at a later level, but clearly abating. I think from where we sit today, the main area of inflation now is really in the labor of things. And that's probably in that kind of mid-single-digit range, and we'd expect that again in FY ‘25. But our cost inflation in the quarter-four was about $35 million or $190 million for this year versus $340 million in the prior year. So, you can see that it is abating. And I think the main area really now is just on the labor side as we look forward. From a raw material standpoint, look, it's a pretty benign environment at the moment. I think in Q4, probably overall, and we buy a broad basket of raw materials and across multiple geographies across the globe. If I think about Q4, probably in general it was up kind of low-single-digit, I would say, and -- but it was a bit mixed by raw material types, so resin is up a little, aluminum up probably more mid-to-high, but then films and liquids were down. So, on balance, not a material impact to the business, and from an EBIT standpoint, we really, for the year, were pretty neutral on the raw material side. As we look into '25, really, as we look into the first quarter, again, we're seeing a pretty benign environment. If I think about North America and Europe, raw materials typically look pretty flat in the first quarter. Perhaps Asia is the one area where we might see some slight increases in raw materials, but, again, generally, I'd say the basket of goods is pretty benign across the globe. So, that's what we've factored into our guidance assumptions, and, of course, we've given you a range of growth in the guidance assumptions, kind of 3% to 8%. Obviously, raw materials is a factor within that. I mean, we pass through raw materials contractually, but there can be a lag. So, that's just one element that could get us to the bottom or upper end of that range.
Michael Casamento: Yes, sure, James. It's Michael here. I can take that one. As you said, we've been pretty focused on cost in' 24 and I'm pleased with where we ended up. We've generated savings in excess of $440 million, which includes $35 million of benefits from the structural program that we've put in place as well. And if you think about where that's coming from, there's two elements to it, obviously. The operating performance of the business, we've been laser-focused on managing our shift patterns, taking whole shifts out where we can, and flexing the operational costs of the business to the lower volumes. Procurement has been a big driver in this environment, obviously. We've been working hard through our global reach and scale on that front. And discretionary spend has been managed quite tightly. Obviously, we've had a strong year in '24 and we'll be lapping some of that. But as we look into '25, the structural benefits of $35 million, there'll be a further $15 million in '25. So, that completes that program where we were going to invest $170 million in cash and get the $50 million out. So, we're well down the path of that and confident in that space. And then on the balance, I mean, we continue to get procurement benefits. We'll continue to manage the operations. But clearly, as the volumes increase, which is what we saw in Q4, we'll have to flex the labor back up to manage those higher volumes that we're anticipating. That said, it won't be linear. So, we'll be able -- we're more efficient today. We'll continue to see benefits from the cost takeout that we've had just in the efficiency as we deal with those increasing volumes working through the next year. So, hopefully, that helps.
Michael Casamento: Yes. Thanks, Brook. I can help you there. Look, in the quarter -- well, for the year, as I said, D&A was down kind of $7 million or thereabouts, not material. I mean, it's really a factor of a couple of things. Obviously, we reduced cap expense. So, you've got a little less there. And also, with the restructuring we've been doing, we've closed seven plants, four restructures as well. So, clearly, some assets have come out of the business from that front. And there's been some other minor adjustments here and there. So, as I look forward, I'd still expect depreciation to be in that kind of $400 million to $420 million range on an annual basis, which is, again, as we build cap expense in '25, as I mentioned in my speaking notes, we are expecting to increase CapEx again in '25 as we work our way through high volume. So, that will normalize some of that depreciation.
Michael Casamento: That's okay. Look, we're -- the program was going to be around $170 million in cash-out. We've spent net today around $110 million. So, we've got FY ‘25, we'll pretty much finish the program. So, it's another $60 million-odd to go, which you'd expect to see in the adjusted cash flow.
