Bill Austen: Thank you, Erin, and good morning, everyone. We delivered another strong earnings quarter in line with our expectations. Our teams did an excellent job of delivering our plan despite headwinds from currency and freight, year-to-date adjusted earnings per share have increased 18% compared to last year and adjusted operating profit is up $20 million. I continue to be encouraged by our actions to improve operationally, to lay the foundation for long-term growth and to deliver our earning's commitments. The Agility mindset to fix, strengthen and grow Bemis continues to permeate our thinking and actions. Our progress goes beyond creating an effective cost structure through the strength and grow aspects of Agility. We're building a strong foundation to position our business strategically to penetrate short run opportunities and drive value for the long-term. During 2018 we have hired new sales reps who are incentivized to pursue and win our new business targets. Established our core spec offering, to ensure we quickly and appropriately leverage our existing innovative product portfolio, completed robust customer account review to focus our sales efforts and uncover growth opportunities and develop and implement a broad range of operational and sales process improvements such as a simplified application process for new customers, a quick quoting procedure, a faster sample role delivery process and a shorter lead time offering. Simply put, our approach aligns our people, assets, processes and products to serve the pockets of growth available in North America. Early customer feedback has been positive and we continue on pace to reach our target of $25 million of incremental short run business during 2018. Over the long-term we'll continue to serve our solid base of long run business while adding in these identified short run opportunities. I'll turn the call over to Mike now to review the financials and then I'll come back to discuss our planned combination with Amcor.
Bill Austen: Thanks Mike. We had a good quarter in line with expectations. In early August, we announced to plan to combine with Amcor to create the global leader in consumer packaging which I will speak to next. But first, with that announcement as the backdrop I would sincerely like to thank our global leadership team for its diligence in keeping our regional and functional teams focused on the objectives required to deliver our operating plan. Great job by leadership and great job by all of the teams around the world. Let's remain focused on delivering the year. Turning to the combination. These two organizations will drive significant value for shareholders. Employees, customers and the environment over the long-term. Bemis shareholders will have the opportunity to benefits from a significantly increased dividend and the value creation driven from not only the $180 million of cost synergies identified as part of the transaction but also additional potential revenue synergies. All internal work stream supporting regulatory filings and integration planning are on pace to our expectations and we remain on track for the transaction to close in the first quarter of 2019 after regulatory and shareholder approvals are received. For Bemis this is the next exciting chapter in our evolution and our employees will carry forward the Bemis legacy as they showcase their skill and passion for providing inspired packaging solutions as part of the global leader and consumer packaging that is being created through this transaction. Until the transaction closes we will continue to operate as an independent company and will remain focused on serving our customers and delivering our operating plans. We are making progress to improve Bemis today and for the future. We are delivering our plans, which include 100 basis point improvement in operating profit in both Latin America and healthcare packaging. We are finding ways to continuously improve operating effectiveness and efficiency in our factories, in our administrative functions. We're serving our customers better through improved quality and service and we're laying a strong foundation for long-term net growth bolstered by Agility efforts to penetrate short run opportunities. I'm proud of our business. We have an outstanding customer base of committed and talented workforce, a comprehensive and innovative product portfolio, a strong asset base and good positions in the markets we serve. We're confident and focused as we position our business for the future. With that I'll turn the call over for questions.
Bill Austen: Okay let's talk first about what's driving growth right now. You recall our whole Agility program that we put in place on the strengthening grow portion of Agility. The fixed portion of it helps us get our fixed and variable cost down and it has aided us in doing that significantly but now when we looked at the growth portion, we focused on short run business and that was primarily business that in the past we had not attacked because it was at smaller to middle sized customers. We weren't set up for it, we're now set up for it through some of the recapitalization efforts we've gone through and we've just this year when we undertook this work stream through Agility we've on boarded 26 new customers in the small to mid-sized category, we established a target at the beginning of the year to achieve $25 million of growth in 2018 through this category of small to mid-sized customers and we're on track to achieve that right now. And it's in the categories where we have leadership positions. So let's talk about me, talk about cheese [ph], talk about liquid. Those are the categories where we're really focused and have a right to win and we've brought business in those categories as well as some non-food customers and non-food categories that we in the past had not traditionally played in.
Bill Austen: We look at the rising raw materials as that's part of our normal pass through to customers. So we don't necessarily focus on what happens with rising raw materials, we focus on how our PAFs, Price Adjustment Formulas pass that rising raw materials through to the customer base. Your question is really focus more so on the productivity efficiency effectiveness side of the equation and through Agility as I mentioned already, we worked hard to get our fixed and variable cost down, which is really lean efforts, quality efforts, service efforts and also plan consolidation efforts that was allowed to, we allowed to get ourselves there through the recapitalization of older assets to new equipment. So it's day-to-day blocking and tackling that allows us to stay ahead of this rising cost environment and that's what we've seen all throughout this year.
Bill Austen: Yes sure Deb. We measured that category in tons, the format that we were in prior is a much heavier weighted by weight, pounds or kilogram how do you want to look at it, then the format that has been shifted to, so when we measure in tons. Obviously the same amount of packaging in a lot less weight, so volume by ton goes down. The other piece there on the volume in Latin America. Due to the economic situation in Latin America one of our large customers moved away from a large format ice cream container through a smaller format ice cream container. Ice cream is still selling, but we also measure that in tons. So going from a larger to a smaller you obviously lose tons in the calculation and lastly, a piece there as Mike mentioned in his script was we exited some very high mix extremely low margin business and when you actually calculated it through production it was breakeven at best. It was actually candy trays, if you think about Valentine's Day, inside of a candy box. So you get all different shapes and sizes and high mix, low margin in a rigid factory is not something that is suitable for manufacturers. So we walked away from some of that business, but on expectation in total for the volume that we - thinking about in Latin America and we're more so focused on profit and how do we make profit in that region because it is a region of very high inflation. Our teams are diligently pushing inflation through so that we're not left holding the inflation within our P&L. through Agility we've created a tremendous amount of leverage in that operating model in Latin America and we push volume through and push inflation through we are focused on profit.
Bill Austen: Sure, let me - let's talk to the first part of that. First the actual collection process. So if you just compare US with Europe. Europe is very much further ahead in that area. If you go to communities in Europe you will see bins where people take different pieces and components of plastic packaging and or paper packaging and or glass and or anything else for that matter and the communities are behind it. In the United States, we don't have that drive and that push just yet, it will take a while. But we have created a material that is being trialed at many CPG's today that we call Encore and it is a completely recyclable plastic material that we created ourselves through certain types of processing. This is now a completely recyclable package. On it, is how to recycle code and if you were to go to that website, how to recycle, you would be able to in your area for instance if you put in your zip code. It would tell you where you could take that material to be - to get into the recycle stream, that's one aspect. The other aspect some of the things that we're doing in our factories to recycle in-process waste, so that we can reuse is back into our virgin materials and combine that with multi-layer structures, is what we're doing internally. Externally again we have a lot of customers that are asking us to trial and look at, they're asking to trial our Encore material as well as where could they use Encore as part of their portfolio.
Bill Austen: Yes, sure. So we look at rest of the world, we look at Asia, Europe and healthcare packaging. So Asia and Europe are quite small winding our portfolio and in Asia, we were flat. But recall last year our third quarter in Asia was significant, we had double-digit growth in Asia 3Q last year. Europe, low single-digit growth in Q3. In our healthcare we had mid single-digit growth in our healthcare business and that's really been created hats off to the healthcare guys, they have a very robust new product pipeline which you need to have in that business because it's a three to five-year incubation period for a customer to take a new package through validation and qualification. So you need to have a very long pipeline of new projects coming to the market and our global team in healthcare has got that robust pipeline that allows them to grow at better than market rates. The market for our type of healthcare packaging is growing in about 4% and we're exceeding that rate because of the pipeline.
Bill Austen: Yes, I'll just break it down a little bit into segment. So in the protein segment and I'm talking meat and dairy if you will. We saw nice growth in both of those categories as well as in the liquid category. We continue see good growth because several years ago, we put in some assets to get focused on that and we have a team that is truly out there driving growth in liquid. And where we would see the categories weakness would be, let's call it the center of the store kinds of categories, what we call, general consumer, grocery consumer and industrial. However on the industrial side through the some of the new sales team that we brought on board to attack small and mid-sized customers. We're on boarding some new industrial type customers and non-food customers which we're helping in that category.
Bill Austen: We're not going to share at this point any 2019 targets. But if you just think through it though, the role forward of that business that will continue to grow and we're not stopping. I mean we've hired these sales people to go out and attack that segment of the market and they're going to continue do that and we've incentivized them to do that as well. So as they get further on board, if they continue to gain more momentum. They figure out how best to - we get finer at what are the good targets to go after, we're going to see that category continue to grow.
Bill Austen: We're in a pretty good place right now. This piece that we got rid of, which is just really high-mix, low margin, you're changing dyes out, you're changing resins over. It just didn't make sense. So we just exited and but we're in a really good place when we look at the portfolio of customers, the portfolio of products and what we're continuing to sell going forward.
Bill Austen: We don't look at anyone quarter as being a trend let's call it, right. Last year's Q3 we were up 2%, so from the perspective of US CPG landscape that's quite significant volume increase. So year-over-year basis down one, I'm not that doesn't excite or get us excited. What we're really looking at, we've hired 14 new people, we've added capabilities in our commercial area to how do we get “quicker”. The account reviews that we've put in place to identify where we can go and attack the market. A quick turn sample role process that has gone from many, many weeks down to five days. A core spec program that allows the new sales team to go out with a good, better, best specification to sell to the client base and we've on boarded 25 new customers in this middle to short run type of business. So I look at and say the process is on track, it's moving the business forward and we're going to exceed the $25 million of target that we set for ourselves at the beginning of the year in this category. I don't necessary look at the one down and say okay, something's gone wrong.
Bill Austen: No, it's a combination of both Dan. Its combination of new folks that we've on boarded but it's now the fact that we've set up the processes internal, so that some of this shorter run business comes from our existing accounts as well. So it's not just coming from the new guys, it's coming new people I should say. It's coming from the entire sales force. But the focus of the new sales force is to go after these regional smaller accounts.
Bill Austen: We're feeling good about what we've got onboard right now and depending on how we continue to be successful and at that rate. You know we'll determine whether we need more.
Bill Austen: We have a very good healthcare business globally. We run it globally for the reason of being effective, working with customers more closely, driving specification around the world for that type of package through that single source of customer. We continue to see this as a very nice space for us and it will be a good space for us for years to come. It droves better than GDP and we focus on it with innovation and technology, so that we create as I mentioned earlier that strong robust pipeline.
Bill Austen: The customer we talk to, all think that things will moderate or stabilize that's probably better way to put it, once they get through this election, this coming weekend. Obviously there will be some volatility post-election. But as the new government comes into place they feel that things will stabilize within that region. We again as I've said many times through Agility we have taken our fixed and variable cost down in that region significantly and created tremendous amount of leverage in our P&L, so that as volumes come back and continue to, as would continue to increase. We will continue to leverage the P&L and get fall through.
