William F. Austen: Thank you, Erin, and good morning, everyone. We delivered a solid start to 2018. Our financial performance exceeded our internal plan for the quarter, driven by Agility savings and improving operations. Through Agility, changes taking place. We are driving new levels of discipline and rigor into our business and we are holding ourselves accountable through our project management office. The Agility mindset to fix, strengthen and grow Bemis is becoming part of our everyday actions. We are meeting the milestones we set for all Agility work streams. Two of the four plant consolidations are now complete and the associated business has been absorbed at other facilities. We have implemented travel related cost reductions, including the elimination of our aviation cost center. We have reduced more than 300 administrative positions. We are exiting leased office spaces and utilizing existing facilities and we are implementing a variety of other cost reductions to align our business with the environment we are in and to position our business well for the long run. Our teams are stepping up to the challenge to improve our business in accelerated ways. For example, we delivered ahead of our first quarter Agility savings plan by moving up the timeline for the elimination of certain administrative positions. Our teams are energized and taking action to drive value for the long-term. We continue to expect $35 million of Agility related savings in 2018 that contribute to the total plan savings of $65 million by the end of 2019. Turning to financial performance in our segments. Our U.S. business delivered a solid quarter. Compared to last year, operating profit increased nearly $4 million, a step in the right direction. Agility is improving operations provided net benefit to the bottom line. Our plants ran well again this quarter. Costs were managed well at our Shelbyville, Tennessee facility during the initial ramp down of production of the infant care business. We also did a great job of managing our capacity in Shelbyville by temporarily balancing another plants production need. A great example of how our teams in the U.S. are embodying the Agility mindset of working differently to quickly and confidently respond to changes. Our Latin America business delivered on plan for the quarter. Compared to last year, sales and profits were down, a result of the incrementally challenging economic environment in Brazil that started during the second quarter of last year. We continue to view the environment for our business in Brazil as stabilizing. We are executing our planned cost reductions in the region, and our business will be well-positioned as the economic environment improves. Our Rest of World business delivered a strong quarter. Compared to last year, operating profit increased approximately $3 million, driven by performance in our global healthcare business. We saw strong organic growth in our healthcare business, and we leveraged that volume operationally to deliver high quality and service to our customers and to benefit our bottom line. I'll turn the call over to Mike now to review our financials and then I'll come back for a wrap up.
William F. Austen: In summary, our first quarter performance demonstrates progress. I'm encouraged by our actions and results. We improved operational. We advanced Agility. We maintained pace with our new business awards and most importantly, we delivered on our commitments. With respect to Agility, our progress goes beyond creating an effective cost structure. I am particularly encouraged by the actions and the efforts related to the fix, and – to the strengthen and grow aspects of Agility that position our business strategically to be successful. The actions we are taking today bolster our foundation to deliver higher levels of quality and service and to capture growth, particularly in short run business at large, medium and small sized customers. Our pilot of agile lane is underway with our people, assets, processes and products aligned to service short run business. Turning to guidance. As Mike mentioned, we are maintaining our 2018 guide. We delivered a good start to our 2018 plan and have positive actions underway. But we are also taking into account headwinds from recent interest rate increases and we will closely monitor currency and freight rates throughout the remainder of the year. We continue to enact change that positions Bemis for enduring success. We are building on our strong foundation of a world-class customer base, a dedicated workforce, a comprehensive and innovative product portfolio and good positions in the markets we serve to be successful. We are confident that we will continue to deliver our planned improvements in 2018 that creates value for shareholders. With that, I'll turn the call over for questions.
William F. Austen: Yes. George, on the first part of your question, the strengthen and grow piece, as we said on the last call, we started the pilot – the short run agile lane in early Q1 and we piloted it in the meat segment. We just started the second pilot a week or two ago in the cheese segment. And what we've put in our plan for this year as we've said was $25 million of new business in short runs at the high-end of our guide for 2018. So what we've put into the plan is the initial piloting, how do we ramp it through the business, and then how do we ramp it up externally. So we've got $25 million of new business in our plan for 2018 at the high-end of the guide.
William F. Austen: Yes. The Committee is really put in place to formalize the activities that have been conducted at the full board level, not unlike why you have an Audit Committee or a Compensation Committee. It's to more specifically then look at corporate finance, development and M&A.
William F. Austen: Right. Well, we have contracts in place with the vast majority of our customers. So that business is under contract. It's not priced daily, weekly, monthly, on that kind of a basis. In North America, the lion's share of the business, 80-plus percent, is under contract. So we don't see that impacts on a short-term basis.
William F. Austen: Yeah, Ghansham, that's a comp issue. We are right on track with what our internal plan was for Brazil in Q1. And as we said, we would sequentially get better from a profitability perspective and that also is right on pace with our internal plan.
William F. Austen: You will see continued gains in margins as Agility continues to gain more and more speed throughout the business. You'll see that both in the U.S. Packaging and on the Global Packaging side of the business.
William F. Austen: Brazil is the majority of what is contained in Latin America and we won't break volumes down sub-regionally within Latin America.
William F. Austen: The majority of the Rest of World would be healthcare. And we had volume growth in healthcare and healthcare is global, so healthcare is part of the Asia Pacific piece. So you've got growth in healthcare, you've got growth in Europe and you have growth in Asia Pacific as well.
William F. Austen: Yes. Maybe it didn't come across or it hasn't been quite explained to the detail that you need, Gabe. We put a project management office in place. We have – Agility is kind of the all umbrella on fix, strengthen and grow and then there's work streams underneath that umbrella, one of which is lean and productivity. And when Mike said we rebalanced some of our R&D costs into operations, we've actually rebalanced the effort of R&D somewhat back into operations, so that we are continuously driving process improvement as well as cost-outs as well as lightweighting as well as redefining and relooking at specifications to continually take cost out of the operation. So, yes, it's well underway and that's part of what we saw in Q1, Q3, Q1 – Q4, I should say, of 2017 was gains in productivity from lean, gains in fixed cost down from Agility, and that's now being embedded into every region's operating rhythm.
William F. Austen: Yes. For us, it's the consumer and the consumer demand. I don't know what other packaging folks have said, but our product goes directly into the hands of the consumers. And until consumption begins to pick up, and that's really driven by unemployment, if you will, that's how we view it, as unemployment comes down, people go back to work, they have more money to spend on products at the grocery store. Our consumption goes up of our products. So we have very high customer shares in Brazil. So, as their business begins to ramp up, we will ramp up with them. But we're seeing exactly what we had thought we would see, a stable environment going forward in Brazil, increasing profitability going forward throughout Brazil.
William F. Austen: Yeah. It's really the piece of Agility that's about growth. It's the short run business and the agile lane. We've – very early into that process, but we're starting to see what that might frame up as as we go forward. And it's very encouraging. We're hiring more salespeople. We're hiring some inside people so that we can really go after this over the course of the next several quarters and years because that's where we see the growth. And it's not just in customers that we don't currently have in our portfolio, but it's from customers that we have in the portfolio that have got short run business and the agile lane is perfectly situated to attack that.
William F. Austen: We see volumes flat for 2018, okay, versus 2017. So we're down in Q1 but it's a four quarter game, right? You just can't look at Q1 and say, okay, it's going to be like that for the rest of the year. Our plan is laid out so that we will have flat volumes throughout 2018.
William F. Austen: Well as we said, is that – John, is that we accelerated, we pulled forward to get more into Q1. So, we're – as we said, $35 million at the low end and the high end of our guide. We are tracking to that pace. We're going to continue to push and drive hard. The teams are all doing that. The majority of that savings is in North America and we'll continue to run this through the project management office and drive that rigor back down into the organization.
William F. Austen: Yeah, the latter half of that is, it's all about this whole effort around productivity and this whole effort around lean. It opens up capacity coupled with the recapitalized assets that we've put in place over the last few years continues to drive productivity and gains and upsides to capacities. So we have the ability to grow, we have the ability to continue to drive productivity and that's what Agility and the lean work stream is all about.
Michael B. Clauer: As to your question on accelerated return on capital, George, I think that's always been our intent. I think the progress we're making on Agility is fully intended to enhance and create shareholder value at a quicker pace. We are not walking away from M&A. We're looking at anything that would accelerate our ability to do what Bill mentioned as the short runs and we're going to continue very disciplined CapEx expectations of our business units.
Michael B. Clauer: Inflation during the quarter, it's – I mean globally, it's probably 2% to 3%. And I think – our objectives and I think you see it the way we ran our business this quarter as we were able to offset that with productivity initiatives and the improvement in our EBITDA and OP has really driven by Agility cost outs.
Michael B. Clauer: We've – clearly, last year, part of our performance was the fact that we had given some concessions and we weren't able to offset it with other cost-outs. That's a normal part of our business. Processes, as contracts come up for renewal, customers are expecting lower input and that's part of our strategy, is we are constantly working on lightweighting, downgauging and other initiatives, recognizing that that's an expectation of their customers.
Michael B. Clauer: I think our comment regarding margin is you're correct, it would have been stronger growth in food and specialty packaged applications in Asia which just carry lower margins.
Michael B. Clauer: That would be a correct statement that we accrue or we expense these rebates or incentives based upon the full-year plan and what the customers' commitments are. And at this point, everything's on target for them to achieve the full-year growth objectives for us.
Michael B. Clauer: Our capital allocation policy and philosophy still intends to maintain an investment grade which says 2 5 times is probably where you want to be. You can push that with the right acquisition and then delever quickly. So, the philosophy is still not to kind of change the balance sheet. I'm mindful of leverage. If you look at Q1 between operating cash flow and CapEx, there just really wasn't any cash really left to meaningfully buy back stock. But as we progress through the year, our cash flows get stronger seasonally. And if there's not an acquisition, we will use our free cash flow to the shareholders.
