Melanie E. R. Miller: Thank you. Welcome to our third quarter 2013 conference call. Today is October 24, 2013. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, www.bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Henry Theisen; and our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Scott Ullem. Today, Scott will begin with comments on the financial statements and outlook for the year, followed by Henry with comments on business performance and market trends. After our comments, we will answer any questions you have. However, in order to allow everyone an opportunity to participate, we ask that you limit yourselves to 1 question at a time with a related follow-up and then fall back into the queue for any additional questions. On today's call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures as we talk about Bemis' performance. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures we consider most comparable can be found in the press release and in the supplemental schedules on our corporate website under the Investor Relations section. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors, including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material cost and availability, industry competition, unexpected costs associated with information systems, changes in customer order patterns, our ability to pass on increased cost in our selling prices, unexpected cost related to production transition, interest rates fluctuations and regional economic conditions. A more complete list of risk factors is included in our regular SEC filings including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012. Now I'll turn the call over to Scott Ullem.
Melanie E. R. Miller: This is Melanie. Let me go through that briefly with you and then I can go through that again with you offline if you'd like. But with regard to U.S. Packaging, if you look at the components of change in net sales scheduled that's in the supplemental schedules that we included, organic U.S. Packaging sales were up 0.9%. And that represents increased price in mix, partially offset by volume decline in total. On the Global Packaging side, organic was up 2.1%, which represents substantial increases in price and mix really around the globe as offset by a decrease in volume in Latin America, specifically. And in Pressure Sensitive, the organic price and mix -- organic volume was down about 0.50%. That represents a slight decline in price mix as volume in roll label was flat and volume in graphic products was down modestly.
Melanie E. R. Miller: I think that's what you're asking. So in the third quarter, we had talked about the facility consolidation-related savings to be achieved would be about $12.5 million a quarter. And if you broke it apart, we could argue that a large part of that $12.5 million was realized, but offset by additional costs associated with what Henry had mentioned about the logistics costs and the increased waste associated with moving production around because the equipment that had been identified for that production to move to was not yet completely installed. So we had to do -- we had a lot of increased costs associated with the moving around of production that reduced it -- reduced our savings in the third quarter to $6 million, which is $6.5 million under what we had expected. And that's on the Facility Consolidation Financial Summary on Page 3 of the supplemental schedules.
Melanie E. R. Miller: During -- throughout most of the third quarter, as Henry suggested, we saw sort of just softening volumes in beverage and -- as well as -- or not sequentially but year-over-year lower volumes in, say, meat and cheese, dairy and liquids area because last year was such a tough comp. September volumes were not any different than the others. It was sort of, I guess, slow. We didn't see the increase we would have expected. And I think October is just further carry on from September. So good volumes but not as good as we saw such strong volumes last year in the fall.
Melanie E. R. Miller: This is Melanie. If you look at the fourth quarter of last year, we did have some unusual items in there. One of them, and it was in the disclosures for the fourth quarter, but we had something that we call a harmonization effect because we changed so many accounting policies that increased the margins above that 17% level. If you exclude that, margins are still close to 15% and that included just some adjustments, onetime adjustments in the fourth quarter due to adjustments to incentive comp accruals and such because of the way the GAAP results were reported last year. So as -- what we had talked about in January, as you look at total year operating profit for 2012 for U.S. Packaging, it was in that 13% range and that we had thought that, that was a reasonable target for 2013 given that we thought volume was going to be flat year-over-year.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Yes, other than the small trending increases that we've had, really for the last 12 months or so, raw materials have been fairly flat and so that's been easier to manage.
Henry J. Theisen: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. This quarter, we are pleased to have achieved profits that reflect our strategic initiatives to improve profitability and sales mix. Gross margin increased to 19.7% compared to 19.2% last year. U.S. Packaging segment operating margin held steady at 13% despite lower sequential unit sales volumes. Global Packaging operating profit increased by 20%, partially offset by the weaker Brazilian currency, as Scott has mentioned. And operating margins in our Pressure Sensitive Materials segment increased sequentially to 5.8%, consistent with last year and a nice improvement from the second quarter. While these are all steps in the right direction, we did have some performance issues this quarter. The modest sales growth that we expected for the second half of this year has not materialized. In addition, while we completed the final plant closure during the second quarter, we were not able to efficiently accommodate the transferred volume due to some mechanical and electrical issues with the equipment being relocated from the closed facilities. Not having a full capacity available created inefficiencies in our U.S. business that required higher costs to be incurred to meet customer commitments. We expect the capacity to be completely repaired and operational in the first quarter of 2014. Sales volume presented a tough comparison with 2012 because we experienced an increase in unit volumes during the third quarter of 2012 with the commercialization and ramp-up of several new liquid products in addition to new cheese business in the United States. While we continue to service these customers and win new business, customer order levels have normalized now compared to the initial ramp-up of 2012. While certain applications have been experiencing weaker consumer demand in the beverage category, we expect growth opportunities on liquid packaging where broad categories of historically canned products are either converting or expanding into flexible packaging formats. For instance, flexible standup pouches for baby food and fruit slurries now appear in the U.S. grocery store near baby food, canned fruit and organic product aisles. Soups and sauces are also beginning to be introduced into new flexible formats. Health-conscious consumers are also driving increased demand for yogurt as well as cheese as a healthy snack alternative. In our medical device packaging category, global sales volumes are lower than last year, reflecting soft consumer demand for elective medical procedures and the austerity measures in the European community. In Latin America, the price of food has increased by double-digit percentages in the past 12 months, reducing demand from cash-strapped consumers. Our selling prices have increased as well, offsetting inflation in this region and supporting the overall organic growth in our Global Packaging segment. Our European Flexible Packaging business teams are executing a strategy to expand in niche markets where our sealant films and proprietary structures provide customers with value-added packaging solutions, increased profit margins in this region reflect modest improvement in both unit sales volume and price mix compared to 2012. In Asia, we have expanded our film extrusion capabilities with the acquisition of a specialty film plant in Foshan, China on July 1. This new capacity will supply specialty films to our operations in China and Malaysia, and represents our film platform for the Asia-Pacific region. Now I'd like to touch briefly on our capital expenditure forecast for the fourth quarter. Now that the facility consolidation program is behind us, our engineers are refocusing their effort on growth initiatives instead of plant closings. The fourth quarter capital expenditure guidance includes down payments on equipment supporting several flexible packaging growth projects which we expect will be completed in 2014. We will continue to invest in growth initiatives going forward to support our long-term strategy which prioritizes barrier technologies, medical and pharmaceutical packaging and growth in the Asia-Pacific region. Thank you for your time today and we'll now open up the call for questions.
Henry J. Theisen: In the U.S. Packaging area, if you look at -- I look at markets that are consider value-added, which really follow food-safety type things, meats, dairies, liquids, those types of things. There -- some are a little up, some are a little down, but basically, they're kind of flat overall. Where we saw a -- really, the drop in volumes kind of fall into 2 areas. One is beverage, and that would represent our multipack business and our labels business for things like carbonated soft drinks. The other area would be really in those commodities type areas that we have taken aggressive pricing actions or have been willing to walk away from business. So what I really want to point out is the areas where you have value-add, it's been kind of flat. A little bit of things -- some are up, some are down, but the main area that we were kind of a little bit surprised by is the beverage area which is the multipack and the labels business. As far as what our customers are telling us, they're still positive. I think they're just trying to figure out what really went on too and -- I don't know. It could just be a lack of real confidence going forward. Nothing specific.
Henry J. Theisen: Just to get it out of the table, the price of polyethylene did increase $0.05 going into this quarter. And our people are very dedicated to making sure that when our raw materials increase, they pass those along to our customers. And I fully expect that to happen before the end of the quarter. As far as the comment by one of our large competitors, I haven't seen that -- we haven't seen that in the markets where we compete directly. And in fact, I'd have to say that they're more aggressive than they have been in the past in areas where we compete directly.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, the first thing I want to do is make a comment on -- I don't want to leave anybody with the idea that we have capacity problems. This was a very unsteady state where we were moving 2 significant pieces of business. Now that those pieces of business are installed, the parts are going to be in and installed here in early November, we will have more than plenty capacity to handle this. And if we have a problem someplace in a steady-state arrangement, this would not be a concern for us. Where we talked about the efficiencies is in order to meet the customer commitments that we had, we moved business to other facilities within the organization. So we had some higher waste with materials that were being produced at startup of these things. We also generated some additional logistics costs, some additional graphics costs, some additional waste costs, as we serviced our customers out of other facilities and met all of our commitments.
Henry J. Theisen: I think our technology advantage is the reason we get the business in the first place. There's a lot of technology that goes into sealing liquid products and not having leakers or sealing around. There's a lot of technology that goes into the design of hot tack or so when it's hot, it holds together and doesn't open up as you drop 16 ounces of liquid in there. So I think our technology gives us an advantage in getting the business. It also separates us and keeps us in line for that business for a longer period of time. It gives us pricing power. But in all things, eventually your competition catches up. But our technology puts us in first place. Our technology gives us a better pricing in the beginning and it holds on longer on that price curve than you would without that technology advantage.
Henry J. Theisen: This is Henry. Gansham, I believe that all of the effects of our closing plants, getting equipment reinstalled, all of those things will be completed in the fourth quarter. There should be no overlap or run into the first quarter of next year.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, I think that all markets are competitive. I think it really hasn't changed. It's very competitive. You have a no-growth environment out there, or very slow-growth environment. And our competitors will chase new business just as we chase new business. I don't think it's really drastically changed.
Henry J. Theisen: First off, the Foshan acquisition, though it is small in comparison to a lot of the other divisions within the Bemis company, was really done for a long-range plan. It gave us a specialty film extrusion business that can feed our strategies. And our key strategies for growth are around food safety and sterility in the medical device and pharma products. And this gives us a base to make the types of sealants and the types of films using multilayer extrusion and various polymers for that growth. Our growth will depend upon a lot on how fast the middle class develops so that you see more packaged foods rather than foods sold in open air, frozen environment. So we're going to continue to see growth both in Latin America, as a developing area, as it picks up its economy and in Asia Pacific, especially China, as the middle class develops and the need for our type of products that provide food safety and sterility grow.
Henry J. Theisen: Not really. That would be interesting to see if that occurs in the fourth quarter, but I don't think we saw a lot of promotional volumes pick up in the third quarter.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, the acquisition of Foshan is one of the first ones, and that's to get a film base so that we can transport more of our technology, and they're higher-end. But the -- was China or Brazil, the smaller middle-class, you still have a lot of products that are really packaged in dust covers. I look at getting in and therefore, the overall margin is less in that area. As there's more middle-class, as people want more things for food safety, for instance, in China where they've had the various scares. Now they performed their first version of the FDA to try to regulate some things. People want those materials, the food safety and the sterility. And as those increase, our margins will increase because then you have more value-added products to sell.
Henry J. Theisen: You're going to look at our South America or Latin American businesses is being relatively flat. There's not a lot of growth in the economy. Unfortunately, there's been a double-digit growth in food pricing, which I think just leads to kind of a flat environment for that part of the world. In China, I think we're going to see mid-to-high single-digit growth in our Food Packaging business, but it is so small compared to our Brazilian. It's not going to have that great of an effect. And of course, food packaging, flexible Europe, it's small again in relationship to our Latin American business. And hopefully, the economy improves a little bit but it's not going to be substantial enough to really change anything.
Henry J. Theisen: I think you're going to see more, like in the U.S. Packaging business, a very modest increase. I think we'll still be very proactive in how we deal with the lower margin commodity business and that will probably cost us a little bit of volume. I think we're going to see an increase in our CapEx spending going forward. It won't be the same as $130 million because our product development people have some good projects in line with some of our customers and I think that will drive some of the growth for us going on into 2014.
Henry J. Theisen: I don't know if I can really quantify it for you because a lot of that is going to depend upon how our competition behaves and what pricing levels and how competitive they get in that arena. What I can say is a lot of the optimization cost that we had in dealing with these prices or these lower margin areas were related to the fact that we had to move the business. And when you looked at it, it just didn't make any sense to move. So right now, I'm happy with the amount of the business that we have in those areas. It's settled in our facilities. It's part of our program going forward. We're going to compete in those markets. It will kind of depend just upon what our competition wants to do.
Henry J. Theisen: No. I think this year has been pretty stable. 2, 3 years ago, I used to see 6%, 8% growth and now you're just not seeing any growth. And I think that's been consistent through all 3 quarters of the year and I would expect that to be the same thing in the fourth quarter.
Henry J. Theisen: I think that mix improvement is very important to our growth in the future. We turned a big corner here through this facility consolidation. You see our return on sales, you see our margins have improved, you see our metrics are better. And then a lot of that is related to being able to offer products that solve our customers' problems. We have a very extensive and an excellent R&D staff and we rely on them for a lot of our growth. And I think that client will continue into the future.
Henry J. Theisen: I think the major thing as you look at expanding into various parts of the world, and the one thing I think I learned from Brazil is the absolute need and the value that a good management team brings to you. If you want to expand, you need to have a top-level leader in that area and good management team run the operations, that do the financials across the board. You can't replace the need for a good management team.
Henry J. Theisen: I think they're very good prospects because they're really going around the change of the rigid where it's glass or cans into a flexible format. You can think about the baby food aisle and all of those pouches, you can think about the fruit slurries, you can think about the alcoholic drinks, you can think about soups and sauces that used to be in cans that are now in flexible -- that conversion is going on and a lot of what we are going to be putting into capacity is to support that kind of a conversion.
Henry J. Theisen: No, I think it's very similar to what it has been in the past. I mean, some of the things I had pointed out, we're in the leader in those areas. We're the leader in our medical device packaging areas. We're leading the changeover in this baby food category. We're leading the changeover in the alcoholic beverages. I think it's very much similar. I just think it gets kind of masked in some of the multi-pack didn't sell as well, bread, bakeries, towel and tissue. Some of those areas kind of masked the good growth we have. And the fact that you see our gross margins increasing verifies that those value-added products are coming to the Bemis Company.
Adam J. Josephson: Henry, what are your customers in North America telling you about why packaged food and beverage volume has been disappointing, recently? I mean, as far as I know, they haven't raised prices on their products to any appreciable extent and can you highlight specific categories that have been weaker than you expected? I know you mentioned beverage, but if you wouldn't mind elaborating on that, that would be great.
Adam J. Josephson: And then just one follow-up. Obviously, a large competitor of yours in North America announced -- recently announced a sizable price increase. What are your thoughts on that increase? Do you plan to follow it? Any thoughts would be helpful.
Adam J. Josephson: And just on your mix in U.S. Packaging, how would you characterize your opportunity to keep improving that mix? And can you give us any sense as to how meaningful that mix shift could be to your future sales growth, profit growth, et cetera? It's difficult to see with all the moving parts, obviously.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure, Alex, it's Scott. Our Pressure Sensitive Materials business held in pretty well. It was really a consistent quarter from start to finish and we're pleased that we were able to improve our operating margins a little bit during the third quarter over the second quarter. It was really pretty steady during the course of the last 3 months.
Scott B. Ullem: It's a little early to talk about 4Q volumes. Any volume changes really will come during the second half of the quarter. And at this point, we don't have any different expectations than the conditions that we've seen in the third quarter.
Scott B. Ullem: We do and we'll talk more about that in the next quarter's call. But we just spent, in addition to the optimization, the facility consolidation program, we've been spending a lot of time making sure that we're getting paid an appropriate margin for the technology differentiation that our products deliver to our customers. And so we are very focused on improving our operating margins going forward. We expect to see that improvement in 2014.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. We have not announced what the earnings accretion will be and we may talk more about that in the upcoming call. What I can tell you is that it was an attractive acquisition and the margins of that business reflect the fact that this is a specialty film producer and is going to put us in a position where we can differentiate ourselves with our customers and our offerings in China, beyond just being a converter. But we have, at this point, not disclosed what the profitability margins are going to be, like I say, we may talk more about that next quarter.
Scott B. Ullem: I'll just add, we don't have a specific target for sales mix 5 years from now, but what we can tell you is as you can tell from our acquisition investments, we are clearly focused on growing outside of the U.S. And we're focused on profitable growth outside of the U.S. So you should expect to see that not only will the top line be growing nicely in Global Packaging but the return on sales will continue to improve over time as well.
Scott B. Ullem: Mark, I'll add 2 things. First, in Europe, we've been fighting a difficult macroeconomic environment for our Flexible Packaging business for a couple of years and we've been working very hard to right size our cost structure for European Flexible Packaging. So one of the plants that we closed was in that segment of our business and we've now seen a little bit of strengthening in sales and in margins in Europe, which has been a nice improvement. Second, in our Global Packaging, our Global Medical Packaging business, we're continuing to see strength and really exploit the fact that we are a critical part of medical devices and pharmaceuticals that are in our packages and we need to get paid for that technology and protection that we're delivering to the end-user. So you're going to continue to see improvement in our profit margins across the Global Packaging enterprise.
Scott B. Ullem: Yes, I think at this point, we're not going to give specific targets for Global Packaging or component pieces. Again, I think the better time for us to be talking about that is when we give guidance for the full year 2014 next quarter.
Scott B. Ullem: We feel good about the $500 million target. There will be 3 things different in 2014 than in 2013. Number one, we won't have the facility consolidation payments going out the door. Number two, we had a $40 million pension contribution in 2013 that we do not expect to repeat in 2014. And number three, our business is going to be more stabilized after completely [indiscernible] all these -- the moving pieces from facility consolidation. And so things like inventory should come down and improved working capital will help drive cash flow to that $500 million level.
