Henry J. Theisen: Thank you, Erin, and thank you for joining us today. Today, we reported adjusted earnings of $0.58 per share for the first quarter of 2014, an increase of 9.4% over the prior first quarter and in line with our most recent guidance. During the first quarter, we benefited from strong pricing discipline, a stabilizing European economy and our growing business in China. We prudently controlled costs, refocused resources on our core business and repurchased 1.1 million shares of stock. Unit volumes were lower than expected, driven by inflationary pressures in Brazil, along with the slowdown at our customers who were challenged by recent weather events in North America. While these weather events also created some headwinds at our own plants, our business teams did a great job of managing operations to minimize the impact. As we enter our seasonally strong second quarter, we are seeing the normal increase in orders from our customers. During this first quarter, we executed plans that support our goals of margin improvement and value-added volume growth. For example, in Brazil, we expanded our capacity to produce high-barrier films to meet the demand for protein packaging. In Europe, we brought up additional multilayer capacity to support the growing need for roll stock in high-barrier shrink applications for fresh meat and cheese. In North America, we are starting up new capacity on a barrier sheet line that will support increasing demand for shelf-stable and refrigerated liquid applications, such as coffee creamers, pudding cups, yogurt cups and single-serve coffee formats. In addition, our robust 2014 capital expenditure plan will further support the expanding market for standup pouch formats, reflecting the continuing product launches that require superior sealability and barrier properties. We accelerated innovation by introducing new products to our customers that will deliver measurable volumes to support our growth objectives during the remaining of 2014. For example, in Brazil, we scaled up a unique flexible standup pouch for vegetables that replaced the metal can and provides freshness without refrigeration or preservatives. In the United States, our packaging solution is supporting the launch of single-serve protein snack packs for a variety of brands. In Asia, we qualified our proprietary films for our new extrusion facility in Foshan, China for use in stringent medical packaging applications produced for our Asia-based customers. This quarter, we completed the sale of Paper Packaging Division. The sale of this division narrows our focus to our higher-margin markets and the growth opportunities in high-barrier flexible packaging, medical and pharmaceutical packaging and packaging for developing markets in Asia Pacific. In addition, we announced the closure of our Pressure Sensitive plant in Stow, Ohio. We expect this plant closure to improve market competitiveness and to better position our Pressure Sensitive Materials business for long-term growth. We appreciate the dedication and talents of the employees involved in this initiative. With the closure of this facility, we substantially eliminate the use of solvent in our Pressure Sensitive Materials operations, which will also contribute to our environmental sustainability commitment to reduce solvent usage by 20% by the year 2020. In our Pressure Sensitive Materials segment, we are also pleased by the strengthening economic environment in Europe that stimulated the increase in value-added graphics products sold during the first quarter of 2014. With respect to raw materials, suppliers implemented a polyethylene cost increase during the first quarter. Specialty resins were relatively stable during this quarter. We are confirming our guidance for the full year of 2014 in the range of $2.40 to $2.55. As mentioned at the beginning of the year, where we are within this range will depend upon the impact of the Brazilian currency, raw material pricing, the momentum of positive volume trends and our continued successful commercialization of new business awards. Second quarter EPS guidance is in the range of $0.61 to $0.66. As we enter our seasonally strong second quarter, we are confident in our positive volume outlook, given our current customer order levels. Our business teams are commercializing new opportunities, and we are confident in the margin growth and return on invested capital improvement that we will deliver. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jerry for his comments.
Henry J. Theisen: If you take a look at more of our fixed costs, if you're talking about -- because we have some facilities that were down and didn't have power, employees couldn't get to work. We had some higher energy costs, some freight costs that hit us, that's about $0.01. If you want to talk about volumes which really kind of make up the other part of it, we thought we would do slightly better than GDP. And so whatever the difference is between slightly better than GDP and where we ended up, I think it's kind of the volume trend that our customers were talking about and our customers were concerned with their sales. So that's about what it is.
Henry J. Theisen: I don't think we'll make up those volumes because if people didn't buy those products, and most of the products we sell are perishable products, so I don't think we're going to make it up. I think we're going to continue going forward doing slightly better than GDP.
Henry J. Theisen: We have a strategy to grow our higher-barrier products, our value-added products, and we've been talking about that for the last few years. We saw -- and actually we saw a slight bit of growth in our meat business, in our dairy business. Our problems or lack of volumes really come in more of those commodity type areas that we've been trying to shrink in the size of our company.
Henry J. Theisen: Overall, I think our markets are very competitive. We have a fragmented competitive base. Pricing and competition are no different today than they were last quarter or 2 years ago. They're still the same consistent environment that we operate in.
Henry J. Theisen: I think the most impactful thing we have is the successful commercialization of our new business. Volumes are important for us now. We have to grow our volumes. And we've got a lot of good projects in the pipeline that should be commercializing in the second quarter, the third quarter, the fourth quarter. We've also got a lot of good products -- projects within our customer base that I can't talk about because they're still not out in the marketplace. But to me, it's going to be the growth of those new products and how fast and how well we execute the commercialization of those new businesses.
Henry J. Theisen: I think in the second, third and fourth quarters, we really should do slightly better than GDP. And I say that because I look at the orders we have. I look at the new products, the commercialization of business that's in line. And then you look at what happened to us in the first quarter, and those volumes are really related to our customers and their problems with the weather. And we can't change what happened in the first quarter, but you can pretty well pinpoint exactly where those -- the lack of volume occurred and why, and that weather pattern should, I hope -- I'm living in Wisconsin, I hope it goes away.
Henry J. Theisen: I think it's just really the seasonality. Our second quarter is generally a good sales quarter for us. You see the switch into more the summer-type products in the grilling season and all of those things. So I think the order pattern is consistent with going from first quarter to second quarter.
Henry J. Theisen: I think the best -- I was just going to say, we also changed the adhesive technology from solvents to 100% solid, and that was the real driver here so that we could reach our 2020 goal of sustainability with less solvents. We moved that platform of solvent-based adhesive. We moved a lot of it over to 100% solids, UV technology in an entirely different facility. So the Stow facility became somewhat redundant and older.
Henry J. Theisen: I don't think I can really quantify that for you in a dollar figure. These are some new products that are launched by our customers. For example, the single-serve protein snack, it's going to kind of depend upon how well that does in the marketplace. A lot of these things are not really like taken from somebody else. There are new products and new things are coming out, and I hope very much that they are very popular and a lot of people buy them.
Henry J. Theisen: I think that there's a lot of inflation going on in Brazil, and it's going to affect what people want to buy, their purchasing power, how they're going to do it. I don't know how Brazil is going to do with its inflationary presence, but I would suspect that Brazil will continue through the rest of the year, much like it is in the first quarter.
Henry J. Theisen: We saw in the higher value-added processed meats, dairy, cheeses, we saw a slight growth. It was less than what we expected, but we did see a slight growth in those areas. Areas like you talked about, candy, confection, some of the personal health care, things like that, that we have talked about that are more competitive, a lot more competitive, don't involve some of the technology that we have in our company. We have been, in the past, as we closed facilities, taking pricing, walking away from some business, those markets where we aren't given the chance to earn the margins we think we need or deserve for our technology. Those were stagnant to slightly worse. I made a comment on fresh meat. Fresh meat is so small in our company. We are such a distant #2 that -- slightly up, slightly down, it really doesn't move the needle for us.
Henry J. Theisen: If you assume a stable exchange rate, I would expect to see our volumes stabilize here in the second quarter and maybe even have a little bit of a gain. I really thought we were going to start to see our volumes coming back in the first quarter, but I didn't plan on a polar vortex.
Henry J. Theisen: Like I said, we really are in the process side of the business, and that competitor is really in the fresh meat side of the business where we have a very distant #2. We don't see any change in pricing patterns or anything in the marketplace.
Henry J. Theisen: In North America, as we went through the closing of the facilities, we really looked at our product mix, and as we've talked about in the past, took some very courageous decisions around pricing and about what business we would move. And we've been diligently working on using our assets in the more high-value and high-barrier areas rather than the commodity areas. So as we see that product mix shift, we also see a higher return on our invested capital. In addition, we are being very diligent about new CapEx spending, and we're using return on invested capital as a key component in making any decision around capital spending.
Henry J. Theisen: No, I don't think we've seen any change in the competitive landscape in the Pressure Sensitive business. As far as the search for a CFO, we are continuing to go through the process. We have very capable financial people here at the Bemis Company. We're not in any rush. We want to make sure that we get the right person. So the search continues, and we're very confident in the people that we have here at the Bemis Company, and we don't feel pressure to have to go out and fill that position with someone that isn't the best candidate.
William F. Austen: This is Bill Austen, I'll take that one. When we put our guidance together of $175 million to $200 million earlier in the year late last year, a lot of that is done with some engineering estimates. And now that we've gotten into the quarter, we have really refined those engineering estimates. We've also worked with some of our suppliers, and we have worked to improve on some of the costs associated with that CapEx. Now that we're further into the quarter, we have much more visibility. We've narrowed that down to $175 million because we've done a nice job in engineering and in our sourcing arena to bring that number down.
William F. Austen: Well, I think we're going to continue to see improvement in our Pressure Sensitive business. A lot of this is generated in Europe as the economy has strengthened a little bit or stabilized is maybe a better word. And we're seeing a pickup in graphics, and of course, graphics is one of our higher-margin parts of our business. And so I think that Pressure Sensitive is going to operate about where it did in the first quarter.
William F. Austen: Yes, this is Bill Austen. On the resin front, as Henry said in his comments, we saw -- we took an increase in the first quarter as the resin guys passed through. But we have our model going forward for the rest of the year, we have flat resin pricing built into our plan going forward for the rest of the year. Now on the volume side, as you talked about weather-related issues in the first quarter, you're not going to get that volume back. I mean, that inventory is in the pipeline, so people aren't going to eat more just because there was bad weather, so that inventory is going to work its way through the pipeline. And we're just seeing our normal seasonal second quarter pickup in orders rate that we see every year. But no, we will not see an increase in orders and/or volumes because of the bad weather in Q1.
William F. Austen: Yes. Mark, this is Bill Austen. If you look over the last few years, as Melanie has just described, we've put in multilayer extrusion capacity into Brazil to upscale our product portfolio in that part of the world to go after the protein packaging, the barrier requirements for meat and cheese. And we've seen a nice gain in that part of the world in Brazil, specifically, around our protein platform. We've seen nice pickups there. We've actually transferred technology from the U.S. to that part of the world. We've put -- we're putting the same kind of capacity into Asia, now that we have an extrusion platform there. If you look at the recent extrusion capacity that we've put into Europe, it is for a new type of barrier film, which is a flat film to get away from shrink bags. So all of those products and all of that entire portfolio has a much better return than does confectionary packaging, if you will. So we're changing the mix through these new assets that we're putting in place around the world, and we're putting in, as Henry said or Melanie has said, to capitalize on this conversion of metal and glass containers to Flexible Packaging for the liquid categories in the U.S., which is a, for us, is a large opportunity as we go forward. And that would be for these kinds of baby foods, fruit slurries, all of those types of products that are moving out of cans and glass to flexibles. That's where our investments have gone over the last few years, and that's where they'll continue to go, as well as investing in our medical and pharma platform, as we continue to see that as a bigger part of our business.
