Ron Delia: Thanks, Michael. Turning to our long-term commentary. Slide 12 highlights our strategic areas for investment where we see faster growing higher value opportunities to drive sustainable growth. On prior calls, we’ve covered opportunities in healthcare and in M&A. And today I’ll take a few minutes to talk about protein and the opportunities we see to deliver strong growth in the high-value protein category. Moving to slide 13, the protein category for Amcor includes packaging solutions for processed and fresh beef, pork, poultry, and seafood. And we like this category because it’s a large addressable market, which historically has grown globally at attractive rates, driven mainly by an increasing percentage of the world’s population able to afford to add protein to their diet. We also like the fact that there are many ways to differentiate and add value for customers, since protein packaging requires specialized, more sophisticated and increasingly more sustainable solutions to preserve and protect these premium products. Amcor’s unique product offerings have enabled us to successfully grow our participation in the meat category over several years. Annual revenue from the sale of processed and fresh meat packaging now exceeds $1 billion. While inflationary impacts are currently creating challenging market conditions, looking forward, there are several reasons we believe Amcor can drive growth at a mid-single-digit CAGR over the medium term with margins accretive to our overall average. First, Amcor is well-positioned with a comprehensive product portfolio for processed and fresh meat applications, underpinning our development of better products, our strong capabilities, and significant investments in innovation, sustainability, and technical service. These are critical in an industry that relies on durable, high barrier solutions to preserve shelf life while providing convenience for the consumer in environmentally friendly formats. Second, we have a strong presence in North America, but our global scale and reach enables us to leverage our R&D network and installed capacity to transfer technical and process knowledge across regions as we actively pursue global growth opportunities. And third, there’s a unique go-to-market model in some parts of the world where equipment purchases drive the subsequent sales of packaging films and technical services. Our recent acquisition of Moda positions us well because we’re now able to provide a wholly-owned turnkey equipment solution aligned with this model, where efficiency and the ability to automate are some of the highest priorities for customers. With the recent investments to enhance our offering and go-to-market strategy, we’re well-positioned to grow in this high-value market, and we’re excited with the many opportunities to firmly establish Amcor as a preferred provider of fresh and processed meat packaging solutions globally. I just want to spend a minute on sustainability on slide 14. We continue to make excellent progress supporting the development of circular systems through the three pillars of our responsible packaging strategy, package design, waste management infrastructure and consumer participation. And we’ve made significant advancements on the innovation and design front by developing more sustainable packaging solutions and increasing our use of recycled materials. We’ll provide a more detailed update in our sustainability report, which is expected to be published in October. And we’ve continued to collaborate with other industry leaders in various ways across the value chain to help support the development of the infrastructure required for a circular economy. For example, in May, Amcor, Delterra, P&G and Mars formed a strategic partnership to help reduce plastic waste in the Global South by providing access to waste management and recycling systems and by enhancing consumer education. We’re also partnering with Licella and Mondelēz to help promote a circular economy by bringing on stream one of Australia’s first chemical recycling facilities. This is an exciting development in a market where Amcor’s portfolio of recycle-ready flexible packaging solutions is already well above 90% and will provide local access to food-grade recycled material. So closing on slide 15, our teams are doing a good job navigating challenging industry dynamics by continuing to recover inflation and proactively taking actions to align costs with market conditions. We’re confident in our long-term growth strategy. We have good visibility to factors well within our control that will see us returning to earnings growth aligned with our historic performance and our shareholder value creation model. And operator, with those opening comments, we’re now ready to open the line for questions.
Ron Delia: Yes. So look, we’re setting the business up to assume that the current market conditions essentially continue through the first half. So, we’re expecting first half to look a bit like the fourth quarter with volumes down mid to high single digits. That’s continued softening of demand and continued destocking pretty broadly across the geographies and segments that we participate in. But the second half, we’re expecting more normal rates of volumes, more like flat to up low single digits. And that’s really just assumes no more destocking and the fact that we’ll be cycling easier comps. So, we’re not baking in any big improvement in demand. And so all up, that would see volumes for the full year down sort of flat to down mid-single digits. That’s the sort of midpoint of our guidance range would see us down kind of low single digits for the full 12 months.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, the destocking has been relatively broad, and it’s -- we’ve been at it now -- we’ve been living with it for a couple of quarters. The earliest categories where we started to see some signs of excess inventory in the system were those that were impacted the most acutely by the supply chain challenges over the last 12 to 18 months. So, we saw -- we’ve seen destocking in the meat space. We’ve seen it in the premium coffee space in particular. More recently, in the fourth quarter, we started to see a little bit of destocking in the medical packaging space. And then, certainly, in North America, in the beverage part of our Rigid Packaging business, we’ve seen pretty pronounced destocking at a point -- at a seasonal high point in the year. Now we don’t have a crystal ball, but we do anticipate that the destocking will be largely behind us by the time we exit this calendar year. And certainly, it will have a less meaningful impact as we head into calendar ‘24. If you think about it, our volumes for the quarter were down 7%. We would estimate that about two-thirds of that volume decline is the market and our customer performance and the remaining one-third is we would attribute to destocking. So certainly, as we move forward, and destocking starts to abate through the rest of this calendar year, certainly, that will have less of a negative headwind on our growth rates going forward.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, George, I think that we still believe the portfolio is really defensive and the categories are, for the most part, consumer staples. Now there are subsegments within segments where things might be a little bit more discretionary because of the premium attached to things like single-serve coffee systems or some of the premium pet food. But overall, across the portfolio, we still believe these categories are defensive. They’ve proven that out over a number of economic cycles. But I think that we’ve got a dislocation here that we haven’t seen in 40 years around inflation. And we convince ourselves of the defensiveness of the portfolio at large by looking at the scanner data, and it’s very broad-based, the weakness, in particular in Europe and in North America in the food business, where you see mid-single-digit declines. And I think generally speaking, others who’ve reported publicly have experienced the same sort of volume effects that we have. So I think, yes, we do aspire to play at the high end of the market, and many of our products are at the premium end. But generally, we’re in stable segments that will grow consistently through economic cycles.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, we have a broad offering of fiber-based options for a number of different categories. And so, I think we’re going to be well covered as products move between substrates, whether it’s aluminum or plastic or plastic to fiber or whichever direction the segment evolves. But I would say that that is a niche at the moment. It’s about expanding the pie. Not every consumer will be willing or capable or interested in composting. And we know as well as our customer that the sustainability profile of the aluminum capsule is as attractive as any. It’s a product, it’s a capsule that can be made with 100% recycled aluminum and can be recycled over and over again. And there’s been a lot of investment in the recycling loop for that particular format. So, we’re not concerned about the long-term viability of that format.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, thanks for the question. It’s a different story in North America from Europe. So, the private label in general has picked up a few percentage points of share broadly across the European market. It’s been -- it’s just slightly now ahead of where the share for private label was in 2019. In North America, we’re not -- we’re still not quite back to the share that private label had in 2019 at large. And ultimately, as products or as sales migrate to private label from branded or vice versa, we’re pretty well exposed. And so, we’ve got a reasonably broad participation in the store brand side of the business, such that those share shifts are not really going to have a material impact on our volumes. And the packaging is essentially the same. That’s part of the private label formula. And so from a margin profile perspective or differentiation perspective, we’re sort of indifferent.
Ron Delia: Yes. We have a pretty extensive platform that we call AmFiber, which is fiber-based packaging for a range of product categories, we see the opportunity, particularly in the confectionery space to move from plastic-based products to fiber-based products, culinary, some formats like spices and food additives. So, our work on the fiber side is pretty extensive. There’s a little less activity in the beverage space, to be quite honest. But generally speaking, AmFiber is a big platform for us, and we’re optimistic about the growth outlook.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, we had unfavorable mix in both segments in the fourth quarter as you -- and you pointed out the reasons why. I mean, some of the categories that you would expect to be positive contributors to mix, were softer in the fourth quarter, in particular, pet care even slowed a bit in the fourth quarter as did medical. What you’re referring to is price and mix together. And I think you’ve got to bear in mind that we’re still experiencing reasonably high levels of inflation, and we still have been and continue to be actively pricing to recover inflation. So for the fiscal year, we priced up about $1.1 billion between raw materials and general inflation, about $300 million to $340 million of that was general inflation. And so, you’re seeing price and mix combined. So, you’ve got positive price offset by [Technical Difficulty].
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, that’s clear. And most of our markets are pretty competitive, including that one. What we needed as a starting point was a full system offering, which we didn’t have. And so, the Moda acquisition allows us to offer the primary packaging equipment. It will offer -- will allow us to offer technical services and parts. And that all combines with what we believe is industry-leading film technology, including in that space. And the films in the protein space are amongst the most demanding of any that we produce. If you think about the functional requirements for meat packaging, there’s obviously a barrier that’s required to preserve shelf life. There also tends to be the need for function resistance. You got to run these packages through the lines, the packaging lines at high speed, so the processing requirement is quite high. And we believe we’ve got some advantaged film technology and the ability to now go to market with a full solution, including equipment and aftermarket service just completes the puzzle for us. So, we’re really excited about the market. It’s also one that we can leverage over our global footprint. And it really represents a pretty visible revenue synergy from the Bemis acquisition of several years ago now. So, we’re pretty -- we’re excited about it. And look, every segment is competitive, and we just have to -- we have to compete and earn the business, obviously. But we’re pretty optimistic we’ll be able to do that.
Ron Delia: Yes. We’re not banking on a much improved demand picture. We think it’s more prudent for us to set the business up to assume that volumes are going to be challenged through the year. So for the first half of the year, we’re expecting volumes to continue to be down mid single digits, mid to high single digits. Second half of the year, we would expect volumes to be flat to maybe up low single digits. And we believe that’s possible without much of an improvement in the underlying demand profile because we are pretty confident that we’ll be through the other end of the destocking cycle by the time we get to calendar year 2024. So yes, there’s no expectation of a dramatic improvement in the overall demand environment that’s baked into our guidance.
Ron Delia: Look, we would expect the volume trajectory to be roughly comparable. Now Rigid has got another strong -- another seasonally strong quarter to get through. And we’re not expecting the business to be all the way back from a demand perspective in the fiscal first quarter. In fact, we expect continued softness and continued destocking in the North American beverage business in particular. But generally speaking, if we take a 12-month view, our expectation is that the volume trajectory would be similar across the two segments. And look, as you pointed out, this is the swing factor in our guidance range. So, to the extent that the volume picture improves, that would be a driver of us getting to the higher end of our range or beyond. We’re just not setting the business up to expect that. We’re taking the cost actions that you’d expect us to take, and we’re going to be really prudent before we anticipate demand coming back.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, it’s maybe not as pervasive as it might seem from some of the public comments. But to the extent that SKUs can get rationalized, it’s generally a good thing for us. There’s two things going on. There is a bit of SKU rationalization. The other thing that’s happening is the continued evolution towards more sustainable formats and more sustainable SKUs. And I think SKUs have proliferated across all the categories that we service. You think about the variety of the store shelves certainly here in the U.S., it’s really been explosive growth over a long period of time and the number of SKUs that are available. So, anything that simplifies the business and takes out unnecessary or non-value-adding complexity is generally a good thing. And then at the same time, helping that process along by introducing more sustainable formats is also advantageous to us, too. So I think we’re in lockstep with the customers that you probably have in mind, and on that journey or both of those journeys at the same time.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, it’s a good question. It feels more like the underperformance in the DMs relative to the EMs is the thing that’s not easy to understand. I mean we saw volume declines in Europe and North America, kind of high single digits in the fourth quarter, again, entirely consistent with what others have reported and the scanner data, et cetera. But the EM business has held up, but we had volumes in Asia, in the emerging part of Asia, basically flat in the quarter. Latin America was down mid-single digits. So both of those regions had better volume performance than the two big developed markets. Look, I don’t know. I think we have a pretty compelling value proposition in emerging markets generally as an innovation leader and a sustainability leader. And then our participation in our customer mix generally looks like the market. So, if I take a business like China, we actually have more of our sales to local customers than to multinationals. And basically, that reflects the market shares of those respective customer groups. So, I think we’re well balanced for the differential growth rates that you’re referring to.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, we have been more active. So we’ve done four deals in the last 12 months. They’re all of the small variety and single plant deals. So, the first comment I would make is, yes, there are more things that seem to be coming to market. I mean we went through a period of pretty pronounced market dislocation through COVID and then the supply chain constraints and now some softer volumes, but I think sellers are more likely to bring things to market now than they would have been, let’s say, two years ago. So the pipeline is relatively robust, and we’ve been able to convert four small deals in the last 12 months. The second part of your question about the size really just reflects the nature of the participants in our space. There’s just by number, and I hold a lot more smaller single plant businesses than there are large multibillion-dollar businesses like the one that you mentioned. So I think just generally, you’re going to see us execute more smaller deals. It doesn’t mean for a second that we would not love to deploy bigger amounts of capital. So, we would be on the lookout for medium and larger sized deals as well. I just think by the law of numbers, will suggest that most of the deals will be the smaller variety.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, we’re getting after it pretty good would be the first thing I would say. So we’re going after it reasonably hard. You have to remember also that the business has been optimized through the last several years, I mean, through the Bemis integration, we took a number of plants out of the network. A couple of years before that, we took a few out of the rigids network as well. So the business is reasonably well optimized. But that being said, there’s more opportunity. And we’ve announced 3.5 plant closures already. There’ll be more. The common with demand remains depressed, then there is the opportunity to do a little bit more, although I would also point out that the ultimate path to value creation for the Company is to grow, and we want to make sure that we’ve got the productive assets available when demand normalizes. We don’t see any of the demand challenges that we’re experiencing right at the moment, we don’t see a secular. We believe this is a cycle, and we believe it’s an inflation induced cycle and that volumes will return. And I mean, certainly, the destocking impact will abate. But we do preserve the flexibility here if we need to go after it harder on the cost side, we certainly will do that.
Ron Delia: Yes. Well, as far as the trend, I think we are starting to see inflation moderate. I’m not sure that we’re seeing prices fall anywhere, but we’re seeing the rate of increase certainly decline across most of the cost buckets. I’d say labor is still -- increase in kind of mid-single digits. We still have higher energy costs than we had a couple of years ago. Freight might be one area where we’ve seen some declines off of the peaks. So, it’s still a real fact of life, number 1. Number 2, I think we have been successful in pricing to recover. We remain kind of fully recovered, if you will. Last year, the general inflation running through the business was over $300 million, and we offset that with price. We’ll expect to continue to do that as we go into fiscal ‘24. We also reset prices with new contracts. And as you expect that probably two-thirds of the business is contracted, maybe three quarters of the business is contracted. The average duration is 2 to 3 years, maybe 4 years. So every year, you’re turning over a portion of the revenue base and having an opportunity to reset pricing to reflect the current dynamics in the current inflation conditions. So, it remains a fact of life. But I certainly feel like we’re coming out the other end of the inflationary cycle.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, I don’t know that it’s changed much. I mean I think customers understand that there’s more value to be ascribed to a product that’s got a better sustainability profile. And I think consumers understand that as well. It’s another element of functionality that is now expected in consumer products. And that is the environmental profile is at least neutral, if not positive, overall. And there’s value associated with that. And so, most of these products do have a premium. There’s also the scale curve that we need to work through. We’re introducing new products and like any new product with less volume and less scale benefits typically tends to start out at a higher price point. It will evolve over time. But I think as brand owners look to meet their own commitments and you take the full range of different costs, including regulatory costs into consideration, the more sustainable products offer higher value and therefore, they tend to carry a bit higher price, particularly at the outset.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, there’s a lot there, and it’s a pretty exciting project. So I’m glad you asked. I mean, the investment we’ve made, firstly, I would just make sure it’s clear, it’s a modest investment, several million dollars that’s in the single digits of millions of dollars. We’re co-investing with Mondelēz and we’re investing in Licella as the technology provider for this particular plant that’s going to be built in the western suburbs of Melbourne and Altona. We’re pretty excited because it will bring recycled content -- chemically recycled material to the Australian market with local production, which is great because the collection of soft plastics as they’re referred to in Australia through the REDcycle program needs an outlet. This plant will be a perfect outlet for the recycled plastics that are collected. And then the brand owners in Australia are differentiating and are really advocates for more sustainable packaging, including packaging made with recycled content. So, there’s a captive supply of the primary input, which is waste plastic. And there’s a captive market, which is the brand owner and the Australian consumer looking for more sustainable packaging. So, we’re really excited about this. In terms of stage gates, look, it’s a pretty extensive build, as you’d imagine. It’s -- the site has been selected. If there’s a chance, the plant could be operational by the end of calendar ‘24, but it’s really an 18- to 24-month project.
Ron Delia: Yes. Thanks, George. Look, others have talked about potentially increased promotional activity. We really haven’t seen much of that of any great consequence. I mean, you see it a little bit more in the beverage space in the summer season. But really, I mean -- and there are pockets of promotions here and there, but nothing that’s pervasive enough that we would point to that’s got a material impact on our volume outlook. I mean, it would be great if it happens. That would be upside. We’re certainly not banking on increased promotional activity leading to higher volumes for Amcor. If it happens, as I said, it would be great. And the pricing dynamic is, as we’ve discussed on this call, I mean, there’s continued inflation recovery that’s necessary. And while it’s moderating, it’s still a fact of life that we’ve got to recover continued inflation through our cost base, and that’s what we’re busy doing.
Ron Delia: Thanks, operator, and thanks for everyone’s interest in Amcor and for joining our call today. We appreciate it, and we’ll speak to you at the end of the first quarter. And we’ll end the call there. Thank you.
Michael Casamento: Yes, sure. Look, I think overall, interest rates have continued to rise from this time last year, all through the year. So, we will be lapping higher rates as we exit. Using Q4 as a proxy is not the best quarter to use as a property for interest because that’s our highest cash flow quarter, obviously. So, our interest expense is lower in that quarter, typically in comparison to the rest of the quarters as the cash flow comes through. So, that’s really what we see. We are lapping some higher interest just by the way the rates increased as the year progressed. And there may be one or two further rate increases that we’ve factored into the range. So that’s where we get to that $320 million to $340 range.
Michael Casamento: Yes. Thanks, Book. I appreciate the question. Look, I think if you look at what we’ve done over the last couple of years, we bought back over $1 billion of shares. And in addition to that, we’ve certainly started to get back on the M&A approach as well. So, we’ve done three deals this year and in ‘23 and also announced another deal just recently. We’re planning to do the $70 million this year. So, we’ll close out that buyback. And I think if you think about our capital allocation approach, I mean, clearly, the priority is to invest back in the business through the CapEx for organic growth, which we’ve stepped that up over the years, and we’ll continue to do that this year. We grew the CapEx, and we’ll have a similar amount as we head into ‘24, taking into account the demand environment. Next year, we obviously pay the dividend and then that growth over time. And then we’ve got $300 million or $400 million left over for -- ideally to put the work on M&A or buyback. And so, think about the last couple of years, we’ve certainly covered that capital allocation on the buyback side and now putting a little bit more into M&A. So, we’ve got $70 million in the outlook for ‘24. As always, we’ll continue to model cash flow as we work through the year and we’ll get back to you if that changes.
Michael Casamento: Yes, sure. I think if I take the raw material side first, we experienced in Q4, we saw raw materials pretty well across the board come down in that mid-single-digit range after a pretty benign Q3. And in Q4, we saw -- we just saw a modest tailwind as we’re still cycling through the higher inventories and also reduced purchases. So, as we look forward on the raw materials side, what we see into the first quarter really is a pretty benign environment, basically flat raw material, maybe slightly down, but that would translate into a relatively modest tailwind in the first quarter. After that, we’ll see where things go on the raw materials side. Look, on the price/mix, we’ll continue to price for inflation. So, as we’ve said in the remarks throughout, we expect to continue along the price and cost initiatives that we’ve already been taking. So inflation, albeit we’re still expecting inflation, perhaps maybe at slightly lower levels than we’ve been experiencing. But we will continue to see inflation as we work through ‘24. So we’d expect to see some price to offset that as well as cost. And then on the mix side, look, I think initially, we would expect some negative mix really as we saw in Q4, which we touched on the call already today. So things like healthcare, pet food, coffee, et cetera, as we’re just cycling, some stronger parities on that front, we would expect mix to be perhaps a negative particularly as we start the year.
Michael Casamento: Yes. Look, John, so -- traditionally, we’ve been in that 50-50 fixed-floating mix but more recently, so over ‘23 and looking into ‘24 a more 70-30. So, would take a bit of the volatility out of the mix there on that front. So, that’s where we sit today in that 70-30 range, fixed-floating.
Michael Casamento: Yes, sure. I can take that one there. Look, we were obviously building inventory this time last year, and that was back on -- there was supply constraints in the marketplace. A lot of different activity happening, and we certainly built inventory during that period as well as putting through over the last two years, put $3 billion roughly through the top line in terms of price to recover raw material and inflation. So, both of those factors have impacted working capital. But from November, we really worked down our inventory levels. And from the peak in November, we’ve taken nearly $400 million out and $200 million of that was just in Q4. We haven’t seen the full benefit of that really come through from a cash flow standpoint yet because at the same time in this -- particularly in the second half of the year, we’ve seen a much lower payables position. So our -- although our inventory has come down kind of point-to-point over the year around $200 million, our payables have also actually come down about $500 million. So, if you look at our working capital performance during the year, we had a cash outflow of around $230 million. Really, that’s the payables impact. So, as we’ve seen the lower demand signals we’ve started to reduce our purchasing in addition to that, taking inventory out of the system. And so, we did see a negative impact on working capital as a cash outflow in the year. As we look forward, we’ve still got work to do on the inventory side, and we’ll continue to focus on that. And I think the payable side will start to normalize as we work through some of this softer demand. So, as we work through ‘24, certainly not anticipating a cash outflow at the level that we had in FY23. And we hope to be able to get to a more neutral position by the year-end. From a working capital sales standpoint, we’re about 9.5% working capital sales at the moment. Typically, we would be more in the 8% to 9% range. So I think we’ve certainly got some opportunity there as well as you look forward over the next couple of years.
Michael Casamento: Yes. So the cash flow guidance for ‘24 is $850 million to $950 million. So, it’s a $100 million range, which is really the working capital range in there. So, at the midpoint, probably still going to see a little bit of cash outflow, but we’ve obviously got some opportunity to do better than that, and that’s really the working capital is the key factor there.
