Henry J. Theisen: I don't really believe there's been any change in trends. This is a competitive marketplace. The more you can add in technology, the more value add you have in your product, the less competition in price. The more it is -- more of a commodity type product, the more competitive the situation. But I don't see any change in the pricing environment and the competition environment in North America or in any of our businesses.
Henry J. Theisen: Brazil used to be a 6%, 7% growth vehicle and that really changed in the second part of last year. I think Brazil right now, for the short term, as we look at our business finishing the rest of the year, it's going to stay at the same level as it is today and we'll try to put some new products and try to gain some market share, but I don't see a big change in the economy in Brazil relating to our packaging customers and our packaging sales.
Henry J. Theisen: I think our customers are more upbeat than they have been in the past. Whether it's -- they're looking for modest growth. It's not a big change. But instead of talking negatively or worrying about it being flat, our customers are talking about very modest growth.
Henry J. Theisen: We're very excited to have the opportunity to acquire NCS. It gives us a film platform in multilayer 7- and 9-layer materials. They're already producing barrier materials for our Dongguan facility for Mayor Packaging. So that will help us. They also produce for other people in the high barrier regions and markets, which we'll be able to grow. They're bringing in a new market in electronics with a clean room that we can grow in the electronics business based on their technologies. And the clean room facilities will help us transfer some of the materials that we make here in the North American region or European region to that facility because they have clean room. That's one of the reasons that we were able to lower some of our CapEx, because we didn't -- we have additional extrusion capacity by virtue of transferring those materials. So we'll start to see some savings, I think, in the logistics area, starting next year, as we qualify these films in the markets in Asia Pacific.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, the first thing I want to say is that, for the Bemis Company, taking on and improving our sales and our product mix has been a major undertaking that we've been going through over the last year. We continue to support that price/mix improvement and trying to increase our margins. As you look at the second half of the year, we will have anniversary-ed a lot of the improvement we gained from the first half of 2012, when we moved some of the facilities in Suzhou [ph] , took some pricing actions with some less profitable materials. So I don't think you're going to see much of a gain from that, but we have a continued emphasis on improving the margins, improving the products. And that's really one of the reasons we made the investment in our R&D center to bring in a chief technology officer.
Henry J. Theisen: No, we didn't see any weakening in Brazil. We see that as a very sustainable offering that we have. Things are just slowly improving for us, but no, there's no negative from the first quarter to the second quarter.
Henry J. Theisen: We do have -- the processed food business, or the processed meat and cheese business, is not sold there in the same venue that we would see it here in the U.S. But it grows every year. The part that is in our kind of technology, we have a very strong position. We are the leader in that area. We have a very strong position in the pharmaceutical markets. So it really comes as the economy grows, the middle class grows. They adopt the food safety and they adopt the sterility programs that we talk about around our higher-barrier products, and our medical device and pharmaceutical will grow with it. However, I do want to just comment that we did see growth in there. We brought up a new multilayer film line, it's just starting up in Brazil. And even in Mexico, which is part of Latin America, we will be bringing up a new multilayer line, which will be the first one they have in that marketplace, to support our customers in the Mexican region. And that should start up first half of next year. So we are making investments, as we see that growth with a major player. We have a good market share in those areas and we just need the growth in the economy.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, everyone would recognize it, going into those markets, you have to really be concerned about your intellectual property. And we'll take steps to try to protect that. We have, I believe, a good management team in place. Through the acquisition of Mayor, we moved some of our key management people to that part of the world and we'll be very cognizant of that, we recognize that and it is a concern, like it would be for anybody else moving to that region.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, our meat business in Brazil is in the 5% to 10% of our sales, so it's still rather small. As Brazil's exports pick up, we're going to gain from that. A lot of the meat business that we do is for the export market. So if exports of beef around the world pick up, our sales volumes will pick up in that area. But overall, our broader [ph] business in the meat are is 5% to 10% of our Brazilian sales.
Henry J. Theisen: The margins in this conversion of glass or rigid or corrugated into the flexible arena are equal to our higher-margin business that we have, where barrier is very important and where product safety is very important. And it's in the higher end of our market range.
Henry J. Theisen: And we believe that the margins in those areas will slowly improve, but it will take time for them to get up to where we are here in the U.S. Packaging market, because the refrigeration, the transportation, all the things that are necessary for our products to be used, and for the economies to grow in those so there's more middle-class. So we'll continue to monitor that, we'll continue to invest in the growth, but it's going to take a while for global markets to have the same margin as U.S. Packaging.
Henry J. Theisen: Our fresh meat business or our shrink bag business is a very good business for us. It generates reasonable margins. It generates good cash flow for us. We haven't had to put a lot of investment into it lately. We are fighting a very strong and big competitor who has great products, but we compete very well with them. I'm very happy with the business. It gives us an avenue, not only to sell shrink bags in the fresh meat areas, but also an avenue to sell some of our other forming films and some of our other products to those customers that we normally wouldn't have reached just by selling to processed meat guys. So I think it's got an excellent long-term strategy in our company. I think it's got some good growth opportunities. And I think there's some new products are going to fit very well into that market place over the next 2 or 3 years.
Henry J. Theisen: I am very comfortable with the capacity utilization we are -- we're using today and where we stand. If -- we're probably in that mid-80% range of capacity utilization. If you're running your plants well, if you get below 80%, you start having problems covering some of your fixed costs. If you get up over 90%, you sometimes have service problems in supporting your customers. So we're running in that mid-80s and I'm very happy to be in that position.
Henry J. Theisen: We look through our businesses and we do our strategic planning every year. We look through all the various businesses. We assess how they fit into our company, how they fit into our technology, what our technology can bring, what are the opportunities for growth in the marketplace, what are our opportunities and how do we stand up against our competition. And we go through that every year and one of those that came out was Clysar. They didn't fit. And again, we're reviewing here as we go on to our planning for 2014 and making some of those decisions.
Henry J. Theisen: I think -- we acquired Alcan. We put a lot of effort in there. It left us with some excess capacity and some aging capacity. And I think it really stoked the fires of the scrutiny that we put on our business divisions, on which facilities to do, what we expect from those divisions. So I think we've increased, over the last 3 to 4 years, our scrutiny in our planning strategically on what fits in our company, and more important than what fits in our company, where are we taking this company and how does it fit into it.
Henry J. Theisen: I really don't know the answer to that question. Smithfield is a very important customer to us. We work very well with them. I just don't know enough about what the plans for the owners and the plans for Smithfield are going to be. It could be an opportunity for us. It certainly won't be a negative.
Henry J. Theisen: Well I think we have the opportunity to do that there. They keep growing in, as I call it, food safety and sterility. We have a good management team. We have a management team that has done acquisitions in the past. We have good -- so I think that we have a management team to do that. I think there could be some opportunities coming up. The markets that we want to serve continue to grow. So yes, I see that as an area where we will look very strongly for acquisitions.
Scott B. Ullem: There are plans in place. We're now in the 7th quarter of decline in Europe, and our graphics materials business is under continuing pressure because advertising weakened more in the second quarter. So while our technical and other products are holding stable, graphics products are really the core of our profit engine in Europe. And so when that business center performs, it has an exaggerated impact on the performance overall. We've taken another round of aggressive cost-cutting actions and we've instituted mandatory furloughs at all levels of our pressure sensitive business in Europe. So we're doing everything we can to prevent things from getting worse, but I don't expect performance to improve meaningfully in the short term.
Scott B. Ullem: We're still pretty bullish about acquisition opportunities in Latin America. And the acquisition opportunities we're looking at are generally smaller in size, tuck-in deals to complement our existing product line. We're already the largest flexible packaging manufacturer in Latin America. And so, we feel like we're in a good position to kick off some deals in the years ahead that will help grow -- that will help us grow in that region. And we generally feel pretty optimistic about both organic growth opportunities and to be able to supplement that with some acquisitions tucked in along the way.
Scott B. Ullem: Well, we're still working on developing our budget for 2014. We'll come out with a specific -- with some specific guidance in January, as we always do. I think that we are going to continue to underspend depreciation and amortization for at least the foreseeable future, as we have been doing for the last several years. And the reason we're able to do that really is because we're getting a lot of effective capacity gains out of our world class operations management initiatives that we've been working on and have accelerated in the past year. As it relates to acquisitions, I think that the Asian acquisitions we've done in the last 18 months, first the acquisition of Mayor Packaging and now the acquisition of NCS, offset the CapEx that we would have otherwise made in greenfield in that region. But going forward, I think that acquisitions are going to be really a separate consideration from CapEx, and we're going to continue to use our acquisitions criteria and priorities as we evaluate what deals we're going to do.
Scott B. Ullem: We started this program about 5 years ago. But we really didn't kick it into the high gear until really during 2012. And we're now in a position where, across all of our approximately 70 production facilities around the world, we're at some level of implementation of WCOM, world class operations management. And so somebody asked us last quarter, if we were to use a baseball analogy, what inning we were in. I think we're probably in maybe the fourth inning or the fifth inning in terms of really starting to get traction on cost savings to offset inflation at the company. So are we there all the way yet? No. We think there's a lot of opportunities still to come. And again, it really hits 2 places. One is offsetting inflation, but the second one is offsetting the need for CapEx, because we're effectively creating new capacity as we find ways to get more out of the existing production equipment that we have in place.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. Our -- we have a very specific priority list for use of capital, and M&A comes above share buyback. But really, it's continuing to pay an increasing dividend. Second is to fund organic growth investments. Third is to fund episodic acquisitions. Fourth is to balance our ratings considerations, so debt paydown with buybacks. So we were in the market in the first quarter buying back stock. In the minimum, we're going to be buying back shares every year to offset the effect of incentive comp dilution. But now, around the range of where is really the minimum debt to EBITDA metric that we manage to, we are not going to build up cash. And so I guess, the short answer to your question is, if we do not find acquisitions that we need to fund in the short term, we're going to be back in the market buying back stock.
Scott B. Ullem: No, I did. My point was that we've been booking special charges every quarter during the course of this facility consolidation program. And while all the facilities have now been closed, we closed the last one in May, there's a delay in when we actually book some of the special expenses associated with those. And so we're going to have, in the third quarter, some additional special expenses relating to facility consolidation.
Scott B. Ullem: No, there's still cash to be spent as well. When I said charges, I was just talking about accounting charges. There's still more cash to be spent as well. So far, we're tracking below budget for cash expenditures, and we'll have a final read on cash associated with this program as we get to the end of the third quarter.
Scott B. Ullem: And I would say, in terms of price on those acquisitions, the last acquisition we made was the purchase of Huhtamaki's rigid business in Brazil. But whether it's in Latin America or Asia Pacific or U.S. or anywhere else, we are going to be very disciplined about how we value deals and what we're willing to pay. We just can't afford to overpay and we're going to continue to exercise a lot of discipline about what deals we're going to do.
