Henry J. Theisen: Thank you, Erin, and thank you, all, for joining us. I am very pleased with our performance this quarter. We delivered record EPS and strong margin improvement, grew sales in our target end markets and positioned our business for additional value-added volume growth in future periods. We delivered our highest gross margin percent since 2009 during this quarter at 19.8% as compared to 19.4% last year. This margin improvement was driven by continued pricing discipline and improved sales mix. In our U.S. Packaging segment, we improved operating margin to 13.9%, a healthy increase compared to 13% last year. We grew our target dairy and liquid end markets consistent with our strategy to increase sales of high-barrier value-added products. In our liquid packaging business, we continue to see the positive impacts of the conversion away from historical formats, such as glass and metal cans, to our lighter and more sustainable flexible packaging. In our dairy packaging end market, we gained some small yet strategic wins with our customers. Beyond these target end markets, overall unit volumes weren't quite as strong this quarter as compared to last year for a variety of reasons, including high beef and pork prices. Our strategy to sell the right products is paying off. We sold a larger portion of new, innovative products that earn a higher price based on the value they add to our customers. In our Global Packaging segment, this quarter's performance was consistent with last year. While we faced volume headwinds in Brazil, where inflation continues to burden consumers, we are pleased with the strong unit volume growth in our global health care packaging business. We have targeted this end market as an area of growth as it fits with our strategy to sell technology-driven value-added products. Our innovative solutions meet our customers' stringent packaging requirements for safety and sterility. In our Pressure Sensitive Materials segment, we also delivered improved performance this quarter. Our profit levels benefited from the double-digit increases of value-added graphics products, driven by a stabilizing economic environment in Europe. Our business teams have managed costs well over the last few years in light of economic volatility, and this will continue to benefit performance in the future. With respect to the raw materials market, the polyethylene resin cost increase earlier in the year was successfully passed along in accordance with our customer pricing agreements. Turning to guidance. Our third quarter EPS guidance is in the range of $0.65 to $0.70. Second and third quarters are seasonally our strongest periods, and we remain confident in our ability to deliver improved performance during the second half of 2014. We are raising the bottom end of our guidance for the full year 2014. Our previous full year guidance was in the range of $2.40 to $2.55, and we are now further defining that range to $2.45 to $2.55. Looking at the first half of 2014, I am pleased with how our businesses performed. We achieved modest organic sales growth in our U.S. Packaging and Global Packaging segments. We delivered sequentially improving gross margins during each quarter this year. We redeployed the cash from the sale of the Paper Packaging division to repurchase 2 million shares of stock during the first half of 2014. And most importantly, our business teams are commercializing new opportunities and expanding capacity to support our target end markets. We are confident in the margin growth and return on invested capital improvement this will deliver in 2014 and beyond. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bill for some additional commentary on our growth plan and capital expenditures.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, first of, what we said is that we would do slightly better than GDP, not 3% or 4%, but slightly better than GDP. Our guidance is really based on the innovations that we have and we've talked about them, as we've ramped up our CapEx spending this year and we've looked at our product flow. And as Bill mentioned, many of these things have been awarded to us. We're ramping them up. Overall, there is sluggishness in the economy, but new packaging, new formats, new products, conversion of rigid to flexible, these are the things that are driving our increase in our guidance and our confidence in delivering this year.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, I don't know if you should expect to see more share-backs or not. My goal or what I really like to do is to try and grow the company organically. That's the best growth. And I think we're going to be putting more CapEx into those opportunities that are presenting to us and that are -- we can use and turn into sales growth. After that, you look at acquisitions. And finally, if there's not anything there in an acquisition that enhances our technology or moves us into a new market, then you kind of fall back to share repurchases. But as I said, I think our main use of capital is going to be support the ideas that our R&D group has.
Henry J. Theisen: I don't think I can really quantify that now because a lot of those things aren't out in the marketplace yet, and I really don't like to speak about how big certain things are until our customers have them out on the shelf.
Henry J. Theisen: No, no. As we've talked about it, in the areas where we like to operate the most are around sterility and food safety, and there's less competition there. If we talk about the areas like we pointed out, that we have some good -- that's tough competitive markets like snacks and candies and confections, that's a very competitive market. And it continues to be a competitive market, and I expect it will in the future. We do well there. We operate there, but that's not our targeted markets.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, I don't know if we really know the answer to that question. I just think that the consumer has to start buying.
Henry J. Theisen: I expect that the decline in organic growth is going to stop. I think that you'll see us having a slight -- a little bit of growth in the second half of the year, and that's really related to new product offerings and the new innovations.
Henry J. Theisen: I don't know if we can really say that there was de-stocking in the customers. I wouldn't have any evidence of that. Our order patterns are good. Yes, in certain markets, we had a little bit of a downside; other markets were a little bit better. But I don't have any evidence that there was a de-stocking going on.
Henry J. Theisen: This is Henry. No, no. We factored it into our guidance for the year, pretty much flat raw material costs going forward.
Henry J. Theisen: It isn't like it's drastically different. It just is a little better than it's been in the first and second half of the year. And again, it's driven by the new products that we offer. So it's not like the world has changed, we're just starting to see some pickup in our new products. We're starting to see some pickup in the conversion of rigid. And it's just a little bit better than it's been in the first and second quarter of this year.
Henry J. Theisen: I just think, overall, in the first quarter, the second quarter, the GDP, like in the first quarter, was negative. And this is kind of an overall weakness in almost all of our markets. And I think that our -- and we've overcome that with some new products, and our customers, when we talk to our customers, they want to come out with new products. They want to come out with things that are innovative or that separate them on the shelf. So I think we've kind of -- we were operating kind of in a sluggish lower across-the-board. We've taken steps to -- in our pricing discipline and some of those low margin areas that we're not going to seek those opportunities that don't give us a fair return for the value that we bring. And I think we're generating growth in those targeted areas where we are paid for the value that we bring.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, I think it kind of comes back to the same answer I just gave. It is -- all of our customers are somewhat sluggish. All of our customers have some concerns about volume, and it's kind of spread evenly. And the conversions don't come as fast as some of those other things. And actually, it's our intent, in what we've done over the past, to target those markets where we get recognition for the value that we bring.
William F. Austen: Thank you, Henry, and good morning, everyone. Like Henry, I am pleased with the execution of our growth strategy in the first half of 2014. Our business teams continue to focus on serving customers, increasing market share and improving sales mix, where our technologies provide a sustainable advantage. Today, I'll provide some color on the execution of our growth agenda and our confidence in our performance during the remainder of the year and into 2015. We have a strong pipeline of new business awards to support growth during the second half of 2014, and we are also investing in research and development projects that will create additional long-term opportunities. Before sharing details about our new business pipeline, I'll revisit the background of our 2014 growth expectations. As we stated in January, we anticipate that, directionally, our 2014 sales volume will be slightly better than GDP. Market share gains and new product innovations will provide the incremental unit volumes. While volume is important, our main focus remains in selling value-added products to our customers. As Henry mentioned, during the second quarter, we strategically increased unit sales to liquid, dairy and health care packaging end markets. We are pleased with this targeted growth and with the work we have done to lay the foundation for continued success in the coming periods. We have an innovative team of research and development engineers around the world, developing breakthrough technologies, prioritizing and focusing research effort and accelerating new products to market. We have introduced new products to our customers that will deliver steady volumes and margin improvement during the second half of 2014 and beyond. From a geographic perspective, these innovations are applicable to customers around the globe. In the U.S. during the second quarter, we were awarded several pieces of new business that will ramp up during the remainder of 2014 and beyond. For example, we are now selling our roll stock solution for high-barrier shrink applications for markets such as fresh meat and cheese. Our solution replaces the use of shrink bags and supplies our customers with substantial savings in their converting process. Next, our innovative barrier sheet, along with its easy-open lid, is expanding into new liquid categories. This chlorine-free packaging solution delivers cost savings and sustainability to our customers by allowing for recyclability in their packaging process. Also in the U.S., we continue to convert our customers' packaging from historical, coded boxes to our flexible formats. Examples of recent conversions are frozen breakfast foods that are now offered in convenient stand-up pouches rather than wax-coated boxes, and our frozen -- and frozen vegetable purées now offered in flexible bag rather than a box. In Asia Pacific, we have added capacity to support the growth of our protective films into new electronics applications. Our extrusion platform in Asia is also poised to grow with the expanding needs of our protein and medical device customers within that region. Our performance is strengthening with order backlogs at higher levels as we enter the third quarter. In Latin America, we continued to extend our existing technologies to the Brazilian marketplace as it transitions to advancing -- to advanced packaging applications. For example, our proprietary barrier films are now being used to package frozen vegetables in Brazil. Another example is our Peel-Reseal films that just launched in the Brazilian marketplace to provide convenience and reclosable features in luncheon meat applications. In Europe, we are focused on niche packaging markets. As the economy continues to stabilize in this region of the world, we expect performance to continue to improve as well. Turning to the topic of capital spend. We continued to execute our capital expenditure plan for 2014 to support our long-term growth strategy. We are investing in state-of-the-art capacity for top line growth and to further strengthen our competitive position. As previously guided, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $175 million. This year's increased capital spending reflects investments to meet the growing liquid market needs, to enhance our health care packaging capabilities and to expand our sealant and protective film extrusion platform. As we move beyond 2014, we expect capital expenditures to be around D&A to support increasing global demand for flexible packaging. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jerry for his comments on the financial results.
William F. Austen: Alex, it's a great question. We are a smaller player in the shrink bag business, and we've developed a great technology in flat film that can be used in the meat processing plants to replace shrink bags with flat film, so the bags get made in-line. It's a wonderful technology. We have deployed this technology in other parts of the world, yet on a small base. But in the U.S., we expect to deploy this over the course of the next several months and years because it's the last place that the meat processor can take cost out of their operation by taking out their labor of stuffing bags with pieces of meat. The meat just runs down a line and gets packaged in a flat film, and then the bag gets made right in-line. So it's a great opportunity for the meat processors to take cost out of their operation. And that's the target that we're going after, is to help our customers reduce their costs in their plant operations with our -- with this great technology that we've developed.
William F. Austen: Yes. Alax, this is Bill Austen. Our outlook for Brazil is steady as it is now. We have -- we're the leader in our packaging formats in Brazil. Our customers continue to buy from us. While demand is soft from the consumers in Brazil, we continue to run our business at very good capacity utilization rates across the entire Latin America region, not just Brazil, but also in Argentina as well. So our outlook for Brazil is steady as it goes. We are in a good position there.
William F. Austen: Dan, we expect to see PSM to stay right at the levels that it's at, and we're -- we feel good about where they are right now and how it's moving forward. And we do expect Europe to continue to improve, both in flexible and in PSM as their economy continues to dig its way out of the hole.
William F. Austen: Sure. Debbie, this is Bill Austen. The higher demand for graphic packaging, we're a leader in -- not graphic packaging, in PSM. We're a leader in graphic materials, graphic Pressure Sensitive Materials in Europe. And as that economy continues to rebound, there's a higher demand for graphic materials because that's the first thing that companies cut: advertising, bus wraps, car wraps, signage. And as the economy then begins to improve, companies start to advertise again, so graphic materials get in vogue, if you will. The demand is higher. And it's -- the normal competitors in that arena would be 3M and Avery. Those are the kind of folks that we would compete against in graphic materials.
William F. Austen: Health care packaging, our growth there is being driven really across the globe. It's just the higher demand for health care, medical devices, pharmaceutical packaging in Brazil, which is doing well. Europe, we've got some package technologies that we happen to be the lead in and for drug-coated stents. So it's just the uplift across-the-board in health care and the needs for health care packaging.
Jerry S. Krempa: At the gross margin level, approximately 1/2 -- this is Jerry, I'm sorry. Approximately 1/2 of the improvement is related to the divestitures of the Paper Packaging division and Clysar.
Jerry S. Krempa: Yes, it did. I think we spoke about that last quarter about our intention to refinance, and this was one of the options we were looking at, at the time.
Jerry S. Krempa: Adam, this is Jerry. No, our working capital is typically high in the middle of the year, in our peak second quarter seasons. We have a higher level going into third quarter, expecting the improvements we see coming. But at year end, we fully expect that our working capital will be down to the same levels it was at the end of 2013 such that there would be no use of cash from working capital.
Jerry S. Krempa: Chris, this is Jerry. I think, yes, you're right. At the beginning of the year, we had guided to $500 million of cash flow. And the -- at that time, the forecast did not anticipate the Paper divestiture or the Stow closure. So those items had not been considered. So we have now adjusted the $500 million for those items, and that's where we're coming out at $450 million.
Jerry S. Krempa: Okay. This is Jerry. On the Stow closure, I think we did have an accrual in the quarter -- last quarter for the closure that we talked about, so that will give you an idea of the cash expenditures there. And on the gain on the divestiture of Paper, you got to remember that, that was the booking that was reported from a tax standpoint. We had a higher gain that we reported that we had to pay taxes on.
