Melanie E. R. Miller: Thank you. Welcome to our first quarter 2013 conference call. Today is April 25, 2013. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, www.bemis.com under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and CEO, Henry Theisen; and our Vice President and CFO, Scott Ullem. Today, Henry will begin with comments on the performance for the quarter followed by Scott with comments on the financial statements and outlook for the year. [Operator Instructions] On today's call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures as we talk about Bemis' performance. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures we consider most comparable can be found in the press release and supplemental schedules on our corporate website under Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors, including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material cost and availability, industry competition, unexpected costs associated with information systems, changes in customer order patterns, our ability to pass along increased costs in our selling prices, unexpected costs related to our facility consolidation efforts, interest rate fluctuations and regional economic conditions. A more complete list of risk factors that's included in our regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012. Now I'll turn the call over to Henry Theisen.
Melanie E. R. Miller: I can help a little bit with that as you look at the components of change in net sales that we included and also essentially seeing the same commentary that Scott included in his discussion earlier. U.S. packaging organic growth essentially declined 2.5%, most of that was related to volume. There was a little bit net improvement in price mix, but most of that decline is volume related in U.S. packaging. In Global Packaging, there's very little change on an organic basis. If you look at that, it's a decline of less than 1%. That reflects high single-digit decrease in volume offset by almost an equivalent increase in price mix, mostly driven by increases in price. And as Henry talked about, that's been the approach to the Latin American market in particular. In the Pressure Sensitive side, volume was pretty flat in Pressure Sensitive, so most of that -- the decline represents 3.6% decrease in price mix, mostly driven by mix because of the reduction in sales of graphics and technical products. And stability are increased in the sales in global.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We'll hopefully see you sometime during the quarter at the conferences.
Henry J. Theisen: Good morning. I am pleased to report that this quarter we achieved record first quarter adjusted earnings per share, continuing the momentum that we started in 2012. Our improving performance reflects the benefits of our 2012 facility consolidation program, the initiatives we have implemented to optimize and leverage our scale and the overall improvement of sales mix as we commercialize new business in our higher-margin product areas. Our facility consolidation program includes the closure of 9 locations and the consolidation of production into our remaining 74 plants. Eight of the 9 locations have been closed with the last one expected to close during the second quarter. With 8 of the 9 plants closed and most of the cost eliminated, we still expect to deliver total program cost savings of $45 million in 2013, which represents an incremental $37 million of operating profit compared to 2012. The total estimated cost of the facility consolidation program has not increased, and we will continue to highlight those costs separately in our financial statements to provide you with adjusted results that better reflect the trends of the ongoing business. The first quarter of the year is normally one of the slowest per unit volume, and this year was no exception. While customer orders were strong throughout the quarter, shipments did not accelerate as they normally would in late March. We believe that the coolest spring weather in many parts of the U.S. slowed the start of the normal seasonal sales increase. In Latin America, we have seen year-over-year declines in packaging volumes as the market adjust to a slower growing economy. We are uniquely positioned in this region to participate in the growth and modernization of this emerging economy, and we are making capital investments in 2013 to establish high-barrier capacity in both the Brazilian and Mexican markets. In Europe, our packaging sales have leveled off after several years of decline. Our unit sales volumes and market pricing are consistent with last year, and the focus for 2013 is to improve profitability in this region. Our business in Asia continues to develop, creating capacity to serve niche markets in China, as well as offering a standup pouch platform for global customers. We expect our global sales mix to continue to improve in 2013 as we have taken the opportunity created by the facility consolidation program to reduce sales of lower-margin packaging, while commercializing new business in higher-margin applications. In our Pressure Sensitive Materials business segment, our North American operations are performing, while our European operations continue to struggle with local economic conditions. The European products are focused primarily on advertising and display markets, which have weakened compared to last year. For Bemis in total, we continue to expect unit volumes to be flat with unit volume levels in 2012. Looking toward the rest of 2013 and thereafter, our focus is on improving operating profit, and return on invested capital while diligently pricing our products and prudently managing cost. We expect the completion of the facility consolidation program. We expect to generate substantial improvement in operating cash flow. Now I'll turn the call over to Scott for his comments on the financial results.
Henry J. Theisen: The biggest volume that we exited were really in the Global Packaging segment. We closed 3 facilities that are not related to food, they're into things like folding cartons. And that is just volume that exited our system because it doesn't -- it just didn't make any sense any longer. That's where the majority of it is. The amount of business that we would -- in the U.S. Packaging segment that didn't stay with us, was minimal. It was just 1 or 2 smaller accounts and it was minimal. Most of that business did transfer, and it did transfer at higher pricing.
Henry J. Theisen: Yes. Our build -- we have the normal amount of build that occurs going into our busy season for the second and third quarter. And then we also -- as we transferred this down, and we're going to be closing our last facility in the second quarter, we had to build volumes at each one of these stages so that we could transfer the material without causing the customer any concern. So it's a combination of both. And we should expect to see the amount that was built in there for facility consolidation to go away in the second quarter.
Henry J. Theisen: Scott, we generally see, and I've been here since 1976. At the end of March, you generally see a kind of surge in sales and that surge is related to the summer -- the winter season turning to the summer season. You see it in -- we saw it in paper bag for charcoals. We saw it in our meat business, the things you would normally grill like hotdogs and sausages on a grill. We saw it in our bakery business with hamburger buns and hotdog buns. We saw it in our bundling of shrink films for drinks. We saw it generally across the entire board. Everyone of our major product lines that you would associate with the summer season, we didn't see that surge in the last couple of weeks of March.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, we closed 1 facility late last year. And that will help our profitability. The other is, we're going to be concentrating now on more niche products, more niche markets, and we're going to be concentrating and putting extra emphasis on our continuous improvement programs that we have in the European continent.
Henry J. Theisen: We have 2 things. During the course of last year, we exited the folding carton business in box set folding cartons, which is a big chunk of our Dixie Toga operations. The second thing is, we passed through price increases in the first quarter that were substantial.
Henry J. Theisen: I do not. I expect Brazil to be a good part of our company. I expect it to make its profit and plans. And I expect it to do well.
Henry J. Theisen: I -- if you look at what's going on in our business, the areas that we really want to grow are high-barrier and our food safety, sterility, our medical device business. Those businesses continue to show growth. And I expect next year, because of the investments we're putting in this year, we'll continue to have more growth. And as you look down at the chain of the new product lines and the new markets -- the new products that we're offering, those should see growth. So I expect the areas that we want to be in are going to show growth this year and next year.
Henry J. Theisen: If you look at the markets that you'd want to call commodity, really where the packaging is a delivery system or it does cover. There are numerous small competitors in that marketplace, and it's very fragmented and it's very competitive. As you move up the chain into food safety and sterility, where a person can get sick if it isn't done properly, there's more technology in the film, there's more complexity in the film, there's fewer players and it is less competitive than the dust cover. And there's a risk for customers to move the business.
Henry J. Theisen: I think there will be growth in high-barrier, growth in our medical device, pharma sector, and pretty much flat in the low-barrier area.
Henry J. Theisen: The resin has been pretty stable this year. You had a nickel going in early in the year. I think you have $0.04 going towards the end of the year. Those are -- that type of magnitude going in is not going to affect our business at all. We will pass through, as we normally do in our escalator-deescalator contracts. This is not a significant number and it's going to impact us at all.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, we want to take the low-barrier part of the business. I think that will be relatively flat. It won't be a growth item, that will be flat for us. There'll be constant churn in that. The reason we exist in that business is, almost of our key customers have businesses that are in that area. They have a mix of business that would fall in the high-barrier. They have a mix of business falls in the low barrier. I think it's important to be able -- to be a full-line supplier to our key customers. I also believe that those volumes of resins and things are important in our negotiations with our suppliers. So we do not want to totally exit that. We want to control our investments and I think it will be rather a flat part of our business for the near future. I think you'll see our growth coming in those high-barrier. And our growth will also come in the medical device and pharma. And finally, we've made investments last couple of years ago for Mayor Packaging in China, and we continue to make investments into our Dixie Toga, our Latin America business in global to move into high-barrier and take advantage as their economies change. So I think you're going to see some good international growth. So our growth are really going to be internationally in all kinds of areas. And here in the U.S. Packaging, more on the high-barrier and the medical device pharma sector.
Henry J. Theisen: I think our U.S. business -- U.S. Packaging is roughly 60% in high-barrier area. I think it's different in the global business. And I put our high-barrier sector more into that 40%, 30% or the 40% area. They kind of flip-flop each other.
Henry J. Theisen: I'll take the first part about our capacities. Because I think we did a very -- I think our operating guys did a very good job of planning the restructuring and what pieces they were going to move, and where were they going to move and what equipment they would maintain and move. So I think we've had excellent execution by our operating people. And we operate the best, roughly in the mid-80% -- 85% capacity, give or take a little. If you go above that, and you get near 90%, you have problems servicing your customers. If you get down below 80%, you have problems covering your fix cost. I think we're in an excellent position, with the planning our operating guys did, to be right in that right window around mid-80s.
Henry J. Theisen: Our volumes to date here in the month of April put us on plan. I think they're consistent with what you normally expect to see in April.
Henry J. Theisen: I think that we're putting an emphasis on R&D. We've -- it's one of our key strategies. Innovation. I think we have the best innovation pipeline and the best R&D group that operate in our space, and we're going to continue to invest in that. I think you're going to see us continue to spend more and more because it's a key part of our growth.
Henry J. Theisen: I think you get very similar margins. They're not better, but they're similar in those high-barrier areas. I wish we had a lot more of them.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, I think, as we put out, we maintain our guidance for the year, $2.30 to $2.45. I think that our business, both in U.S. Packaging and in Global Packaging will more than offset the European struggle.
Henry J. Theisen: In the Flexible Packaging business, we're still a small player. It's not that significant part of our business. Our customers are there. And I think it's important, when our customers are there, for us to maintain a presence. Certainly isn't something that we want to go out and invest greatly in right now, but I think it's important to be there for our customers. And that affects our overall sales on a global basis. And that's why we need to be there.
Henry J. Theisen: I remember that from the last quarter. We talked about -- or maybe it was 2 quarters ago. We've talked about our acquisition of Mayor Packaging. We've been following and wondering when we should enter the China market and do more in Asia-Pacific region. And until we found Mayor, Mayor really is in the retort and I kind of call that the median barrier. It's above the dust cover. It's got some technology, it is -- that was a place where we could enter the market, avoid the dust cover, commodity fighting with everybody, have some technology around printing, laminating surviving the retort chamber and to build on that, as the Chinese market goes up, as they move from the wet market to prepackaged meats, as they go into more refrigerated products and things like that. So we found a spot to enter, that I want to call median barrier, and we have a chance to build on that.
Henry J. Theisen: This comes from conversations we have with our suppliers. It comes from conversations there. Things that we follow and the literature. We don't see a big push in raw material feedstocks. Earlier in the year, there were numerous outages or scheduled maintenance in some of the cracker facilities. Those have come up successfully so that capacity is back online. And there just doesn't seem to be a big growth momentum anywhere in the globe for the basic polymers. And that's just our thoughts, whatever our thoughts are.
Henry J. Theisen: No. I would say the commodities -- we've got a slight increase in PE first part of the year and now it's been stable since then. And our higher or more sensitive materials have been flat through the year.
Henry J. Theisen: First, as far as the run rate on the restructuring. We should be at the full run rate at the end of the second quarter. As I said earlier, we still have 1 facility to close here. So at the end of the second quarter, we should be at the run rate. As far as our customers and what they're telling us, we expect to see an uptick in the second half the year in our volumes. What our customers are telling us is kind of a mixed bag. Some are saying that there's going to be an uptick. Some are a little more cautious. There's really no firm pattern in discussions we have with our customers. It's really kind of a mixed bag.
Henry J. Theisen: I know what you're talking about, and we compete really in the small areas, generally less than 5% of our business. And we just -- it was really in the fresh meat area. We really don't see any evidence of that.
Henry J. Theisen: I think there is. We understand the value of our pricing. We have numerous programs. And as I said, we're going to diligently price our products. We're going to look through our portfolio. We're going to find out where we're being compensated and where we're adding value. And we're going to be very, very diligent in our pricing going forward.
Scott Gaffner: I was hoping you could just talk a little bit about the U.S. Packaging business. A little bit about the grocery products that were impacted by the cool weather that you mentioned later in March, I think it's what you mentioned.
Scott Gaffner: Henry, I just wanted to follow up on your previous comment on the emerging market margins. You said they were similar on the high-barrier product to North America. I just -- I think the last call, we talked about the strategy in the emerging market, maybe it was the global markets was to come in at a lower price point and eventually work your way up in the margin structure. Can you just parse the two? What the strategy is? And maybe the high barrier is still at the same margin, but you're not selling as much of it? Can you just...
Scott Gaffner: Okay. And then Scott, could you go walk us back through the last part of the issue with the tax, how it doesn't impact EPS? I didn't quite understand the last part of the math there.
Scott B. Ullem: Well, it's certainly a competitive landscape in the U.S. and even more so in Europe. The U.S. business is actually pretty stable and trending to be more attractive for us. Our real headwinds and challenge in pressure sensitive are in Europe and are really directly tied to the macro economic conditions that we're facing in the key countries where we compete.
Scott B. Ullem: Well, look, there's no reason to split the two. There's a lot of synergy between Europe and the U.S. for Pressure Sensitive Materials business. And I think that business is actually performing very well given the lousy conditions where they're operating. And our Pressure Sensitive business in Europe is especially weighted towards graphics markets, where marketing and advertising spend has just been down severely, and we're doing I think a pretty good job of hanging on until we reach the same kind of stability that we've now gotten to in our Flexible Packaging business in Europe.
Scott B. Ullem: Yes, sure. The repurchase in the first quarter was really directed at offsetting the dilutive effects of long-term incentive stock compensation, and so that's what we've tackled in the first quarter. Over the rest of the year, you're right. The long-term debt-to-EBITDA target, which is how we think about leverage principally, is around 2x. I think just the reduction of working capital as we get into our seasonally stronger quarters, is going to bring down that leverage metric, and so I think we'll do what we've been doing historically and focus very carefully on, first investing in production and markets where we can get superior returns and profits. Second, funding episodically and strategic acquisitions. Obviously, continuing with the dividend payment is #1. And I would just balance share repurchase and deleveraging. And I think we're going to continue to be active in the share repurchase arena because we'll have excess cash, and it's an important part of giving back capital to shareholders.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. Let me just take you through it. In a prior acquisition, we picked up a non-U.S. tax liability from a seller for activities prior to the acquisition. The seller indemnified Bemis completely in the event that there's ever any tax payment required. And so, we booked a receivable in the -- from the seller that we would recognize in the event that we ever have to pay the tax. So because -- in this annual review on the first quarter, we determined that there was no tax liability realized, we also had to reverse that receivable. The effect was $4.5 million reduction in pretax income because we reversed the receivable and a corresponding $4.5 million reduction in our tax expense. So the net of that, and because the receivable was non-tax deductible when we reversed it, the net of that was 0 impact to net income and EPS. Obviously, all of this was below the operating profit line, so no impact to operating profit either. And we wanted to walk through it early in this call because I think there was some confusion in some of the early notes we saw this morning. And the fact is, just like last first quarter and just like next year's first quarter, when we have to talk about this again, it will not impact net income or EPS.
