Ronald Delia: Thanks Tracey and thanks to everyone for joining us to discuss Amcor's Fiscal 2021 full-year results. Joining me today, as Christine mentioned as Michael Casamento, Amcor's Chief Financial Officer. We'll begin with some prepared remarks and then we'll open the line for Q&A. We start every meeting at Amcor with safety, we'll begin there on Slide 3.  Safety is the first and most important of our values and Amcor has been on a long-term journey towards our goal of no injuries. Our safety performance has shown continual improvement, including in the last 12 months where our performance has been a real highlight. Across Amcor, we reduced the number of injuries by almost 25% compared to last year. All of our businesses reported fewer injuries and over half of our sites have remained injury-free for at least 12 months.  And through a year where the pandemic continued to present operational challenges in many countries, our focus on safety was unwavering, and we're incredibly grateful that our people continue to be engaged and focused on staying healthy as well as safe. We're proud of our safety performance, which we believe is the best in our industry and the progress we've made over a number of years but we're also convinced that our objective of no injuries is absolutely possible, and we continue striving towards that goal.  We have 4 key messages today, which are set out on Slide 4. First, FY '21 was an outstanding year for Amcor on multiple dimensions. The operating environment remains highly dynamic, but our teams stayed fully focused on the key business drivers within our control, remained agile as conditions changed, and demonstrated exceptional execution and consistency all year.  Financial results exceeded our expectations as the year progressed. We ended the year with momentum and we expect another strong year in fiscal '22, which is the second key message. The third, our recent performance in many ways is a result of the financial and strategic benefits from our 2019 acquisition of Bemis. 2 years on immigration is now essentially complete. The financial benefits are ahead of our expectations and strategically we're better positioned than ever, with a stronger foundation for growth into the future.  And lastly, we're capitalizing on that strong base by investing in the number of organic growth initiatives, which will maintain our momentum beyond fiscal '22, and for the long term. Turning now to the financial highlights on slide 5, FY '21 was an exceptional year financially for Amcor with record earnings, exceptional margin management, despite steep raw material cost increases and supply constraints, and momentum building through the year.  Organic sales growth was 2% and we exited the year in Q4 with sales 3% higher than the prior year. EBITDA growth was 8% with the flexibles and rigid packaging segments, both delivering strong results, growing in several higher-value end markets, and contributing to margin expansion. In Fiscal '21, Amcor's EBITDA margins increased 60 Basis points to reach 12.6% for the year, which is a new high, and an exceptional achievement in an environment where raw material price increases in supply disruptions continue to require an intense focus on securing the availability, as well as managing price recovery.  We estimate Bemis acquisition synergies were around $75 million. And as we close out the final integration activities, we expect to exceed the original synergy target by at least 10%. EPS increased 16% for the year and with the head of guidance, which we're able to continuously increase through the year. And free cash flow of $1.1 billion was at the top of our expected range. Return on capital or return on average funds employed finished well above 15% at a time when our cost of capital is at an all-time low. And through the year, we returned $1.1 billion of cash to shareholders through share repurchases and higher dividends.  The key message here is that the fundamentals of our business continue to strengthen, our teams around the world have demonstrated [Indiscernible] focus on executing against our strategy, and as a result, we've delivered another year of outstanding financial performance with momentum continuing to build as we begin fiscal '22. I'll turn it over now to Michael to provide some more detail on the financial results, and I'll finish up with some comments on growth and sustainability.
Ronald Delia: Yeah Anthony, first of all, it's all incorporated in our guidance, our outlook on the top-line is our starting point for the outlook in the forecast for the coming year. It's really early to say, I think we would say that consumption and our demand, other than in healthcare, has more or less normalized over the last several months, notwithstanding the pickup in positive test results that are coming from the Delta variant. So, at this stage, we haven't really seen any kind of dislocation resulting from COVID in the near term here.
Ronald Delia: I think also if you look back over time, we have typically grown kind of mid-to-high single-digits in emerging markets and kind of low-single-digits in developed markets, which is consistent with consumption patterns in those different parts of the world. And then from an end-market perspective, we are pleased with the performance in some of the higher value-added segments. where we're really pushing. typically, protein pet food, coffee, the things where there's more differentiation.  Healthcare would typically be at the top of that list, but obviously, we're in a bit of a blip because of Covid at the moment, but that's how we think about getting to that low single-digit expectation over time on the top-line.
Ronald Delia: As far as the outlook in terms of the commodities - I mean, as Michael said, we are pretty diversified, so it's always a little bit of a mixed bag, but generally speaking, we see things moderating and possibly the increases abating over the next quarter or 2.  As you pointed out, Matt, the supply availability, availability of certain materials is probably the bigger issue potentially. At the moment we have not taken any downtime to answer your question specifically, but there are certain materials, particularly some of the specialty grades that are in short supply and that are on allocation.  And that didn't quite disruptive and it consumes a lot of management time just to ensure that we are getting access. And I think we've done a good job of that by virtue of the scale and relationships we have in the breadth of the supply base we have, but that isn't big an issue as the price inflation.
Ronald Delia: It's a good question because it's across the category. So hot-fill containers are typically used in ready-to-drink teas or certain premium segments of the juice market, and of course, isotonic or tranks (ph.). And those categories collectively are growing pretty rapidly and most of the participants and brand owners in those categories are enjoying that growth and it pretty much is a combination of the drivers you mentioned Kyle is I think, increased distribution and availability and multi-pack formats.  There is probably a bit more at-home consumption, but there are also a lot of new product launches and a lot of rejuvenation of legacy brands and also just extensions or introductions of new ones. So, there's a lot happening in that space. A lot is oriented towards healthier and better for you type line extensions or new products. And so, there's just a lot of activity there, and that's a segment where there really is only one packaging format.  I mean, it's a PG set of segments that's -- resale ability, lightweight, on-the-go consumption, it all kind of fits together with the value proposition of the plastic container. So, it's all coming together. The volume growth has been strong, we've seen strong volume growth in the past. We sort of expect at some point to get back towards mid-single-digits, but for now, the industry is enjoying strong growth and essentially a sold-out environment.
Ronald Delia: I think it seems to have stabilized a bit. I'm not sure we're ready to call it to say that it's turned the corner, but these are segments and the predominant subsegments would be medical device packaging and pharma packaging.  And we're more weighted towards pharmaceuticals in Europe and a little bit more weighted towards medical in North America. And these segments would be growing typically at mid-single-digits and have for several decades. And they offer great differentiation and therefore good margins.  I'm not sure we're ready to say that we've turned the corner, we see evidence that things may be stabilizing a bit, notwithstanding the recent spiking cases, I'm not sure hospitalizations have followed suit. So, I think -- we would hope that as we work our way through the fiscal year, that's an area that builds momentum through the four quarters of FY '22.
Ronald Delia: It's an interesting question, I -- there's a couple of things that have changed. What Bemis would have brought is just greater diversification in the buy. So, we got bigger, obviously, but -- and that helps. The relationships we have with the big suppliers are not unlike the relationships we have with big multinational customers. It definitely matters to be big on a global basis. And there's a lot of discussion about these regional markets or global markets, I think ultimately, we have some big global relationships and it's helpful.  So, Bemis brought to scale, it brought further diversification in the spend, and that's -- I'm sure it helped. But I think the other thing Andrew, and you've covered us for a long time, I think the experience curve, we continue to go down and we've kind of learned over the years and I've been around long enough to been through probably 3 of these peaks in the last 10 years.  And I think with every cyclical peak, like the one we've been going through, we get better and better in terms of the internal processes and capabilities to, first of all, measure what's happening and then take action and mitigate it. So, it's probably a combination of BMS and maybe just getting further down the experience curve that's kind of help us through this cycle.
Ronald Delia: Look, I don't think you should see it as an either/or. I think what you're seeing with this result -- we've been talking about the cash fix business, but that's for a long time, and this is going into our fiscal year with a line of sight to excess cash flow, even after continuing to fund the dividend and continue and actually fund more CapEx. As Michael pointed to, CapEx will pick up again in FY '22.  Even after those two allocations of cash, the business will generate a substantial amount left over. And we go into the year with an expectation that we will have to lease, buy back shares. And if there is an acquisition that popped up, we will not hesitate for a second to either suspend the buyback or to find the funding, which we would comfortably be able to do. So, it's, I think it's an And Andrew, it's not an Oar.
Ronald Delia: Look, it's a really good question at this point in time because we were absolutely resolute and focused on making the Bemis deal a success. And we know there's a little bit to do, but it's essentially complete, which is why we provided a bit of a wrap-up today.  You're right, from a pure-play perspective, there's not another $6 billion to $7 billion deal out there that's -- that's obvious and we don't feel compelled to move outside of our product segment mix because we just think there's ample growth in the segments that we're in. So, if we constrained things or put the boundaries around the opportunities, that does not limit us in any way. I mean, generally speaking, if you go back over the last 10 years or so, the Company has been pretty acquisitive. We are probably up to around 30 deals.  We've had a good track record of bringing synergies out on the cost side, in particular, getting some product benefits as well so we'll continue to do that. I think there's no shortage of medium-size deals in the packaging space, as you can see every week there's another deal announced. And the good thing about being acquisitive and being big is that we're in the deal flow so almost never a deal was happening that is at least not put in front of us, and we at least get the option to take a look or not.  And that will be part of the formula going forward. So, the $400 million that we're allocating this year to buybacks, we have an equal amount each year that we'd be thinking about deploying in an ongoing sense for bolt-on (ph.) M&A. And then obviously if something better comes up then we would love to have a crack at that too.
Ronald Delia: Yeah. No, it's a good question. I mean, we are going to be stepping up. Will be about 4% of sales, which we think is a reasonable number to expect us to deploy each year. We did a little bit lower than that, because we have been focused on integrating Bemis and obviously, but will be at about 4% which means another bit of a step-up next year, which is incorporated into the free cash flow guidance that Michael described.
Ronald Delia: Look, anecdotally some of the places that we're deploying cash, I highlighted a few. We're putting some capacity in the hospital space in North America. Great use of Capital, particularly when it's on-site, co-located within customer premises. Those are as good as it gets, in terms of organic investments.  We're investing in the medical space -- medical device packaging in Malaysia and in Ireland. We've got some capacity we're going to put in Malaysia for a certain product category that we typically export out of North America or Europe and we're going to localize that, which opens up just a whole other set of growth options for us.  And in Ireland, we're going to get into a product line and in medicine that we hadn't been in before. And then from our sustainability perspective, we made a number of announcements over the last 6 to 12 months in new products. So, we've talked about. a couple of platforms like AmLite, which is recyclable, or ready to be recycled retort pouch, which is unique and the demand has just been outstanding.  The product is sold out before it's even, barely getting been launched and so we're going to add capacity in Europe for that. So those are just some examples, but that all fits within that roughly 4% of sales number that's embedded in our free cash flow guidance.
Ronald Delia: Yeah, let me answer the second part first. We do believe we have the best technology in the marketplace. We also are humble enough to realize we don't have all the good ideas out there. And so, if there is an acquisition that would add to our product portfolio, we would absolutely do it. And it's one of the reasons why we're going to be much more active in the corporate venturing space.  It's another -- it's also one of the drivers of the investment with Michigan State. So, we're going to do much more in terms of external sourcing of, let's call it good ideas and innovation to supplement what we do believe is industry-leading R&D. So, I'd say watch this space. As far as the sales into we might describe it as more sustainable packaging, if we think about it through the lines of what's recyclable, or just take that lens, we're not for a second suggesting that that's the only answer here, but that tends to be the most readily available end-of-life solution.  We've got three broad segments, two of which are fully recyclable. So pretty much everything that we produce and sell on rigid packaging is recyclable. Everything we make in the carton segment is recyclable. That leaves the flexible segment. And in that space, right now of the sales in the flexible packaging segment, about 60-odd% of what we're selling today is considered designed to be recycled.  There's probably another 75% of our sales that could be. So, there's 10% to 15% that could convert, it would just require customers to adopt a different structure. And then you have additional platforms like AmLite, AmLite Matrix, and like AmPrima, which helped move those numbers up in steps. None of them are going to move that needle on those metrics in a material way, in a given year.  But over time, the percentage of our flexibles that are recyclable will start to increase as those products get to take up. I'll stop there, but we are also acknowledging that's not the end of the story. We've got to have the waste management infrastructure and the consumer has to participate as well too but as far as the package design, that's about where we're at.
Ronald Delia: Yeah, thanks, George. I mean, that's basically it's the same story that we have in flexibles all year, it's healthcare. Healthcare is a sizable business if you just think about it as in between $1.5 billion and $2 billion in sales if within that flexible's portfolio, or when you think about the big North America Medical business and European pharmaceutical business being down double-digits. That took a couple of percentage points off of what you would expect from a growth perspective, right? They should be growing mid-single-digits and they were down double-digits. So that takes a meaningful fight out of the overall segment growth.
Ronald Delia: Look, I mean, Richard, you followed the Company for a long time. The top-line sales are growing kind of low single-digits, actually about 2% for a long period of time. Flexibles would normally be in that space. I think the last couple of years is a tougher read-through if you're talking about the long-term trajectory of the business.  And that being said with that level of growth, we've been expanding margins for over a decade. And the flexibles margins now being up over 14% from where they were 10 years ago or so, probably 6 or 7, I think gives us some comfort that at that level of relatively modest top-line growth, which mirrors the end-markets that we supply. We're continuing to grow profit and expand margins.
Ronald Delia: Yeah, with the carton business which is about 8% or 9% of sales, had a very good year. The business had a good year on profit. The profit was up. Great job managing costs. And actually, the volume performance is probably a little bit ahead of the long-term trend.  That business from a volume perspective is likely to be flat to declining on a single-digit. Last year it was close to flat on a volume perspective too. It's -- by region, we start to get into some smaller parts of the business, but the bigger parts of Europe and the Americas would mirror the trends that I just described.
Ronald Delia: Well listen, it's becoming more and more important, obviously, to our customers. A lot of what we use and maybe just to mention the numbers. So, across Amcor, rigid packaging would be the place where we're using the most recycled resin. We exited FY '21, converting about 10% recycled resin out of the total that we convert. And that number is growing in absolute tons as you referred to. But it also it's growing at a percentage of the resin that we convert. In that space, we are clearly the biggest buyer out there.  And so, we have been actively sourcing both from new entrants into the recycled resin space, as well as some of the virgin resin providers that have gotten into PCR. So, it's a pretty broad book that we're buying across. And then in flexibles, it is a little bit more challenging when you're trying to source polyolefins and that's still pretty nascent. A lot of the material that we're using for food for Flexible Packaging it's coming from food-grade, milk and water jugs and things and those are in scarce supply.  That will change over time. Chemical recycling will be a contributor over time. We're active in more than half a dozen different pilots and feasibility projects on chemical recycling around the world, which will be part of the mix too. So, I'd say what's the space, but we're so far, we've been able to satisfy our demand.
Ronald Delia: Yeah. So, the retail number was $180 million, and that's the number that we're going to be buyback 10% or at least 10%. We talked at the time of the deal about three big sources. First G&A, overhead reductions. We estimated that would be about 40%. That's more or less track, and probably a little bit ahead of that number, but it's been in that ballpark. Procurement, we said would be another 40%, that's more or less in line.
Ronald Delia: And then footprint, at the time of the deal we thought might be 20%. We found more footprint opportunities than we probably anticipated. And so more of the outperformance proportionately will come from Footprint, which means plan closures. So, if you stand back from it, it's mostly the Footprint plant closure side and a little bit on G&A, which is the source of the outperformance.
Ronald Delia: Yeah. It's a good question. I mean, you picked on one -- I'm not sure it makes the top 3. I'm going to elevate up on the top 3, but on the medical point, Asia specifically, absolutely. I mean, we're actually doing that now and that's the investment in Malaysia that I referred to where we're putting capacity in that part of the world that enables us to be much nimbler and more responsive to this local market demand, which is substantial.  So that absolutely is part of it. If I zoom out and I try to think thematically, one thing that comes to mind is broadening our participation in some of the higher value-add segments that were deepening in one region. Pet food, coffee, protein, these are segments that we have really strong positions in, but it's uneven so we might be particularly strong in Europe in 1, and a little bit weaker in North America.  And so, evening out that participation is going to be a big source of organic growth. As a region, as a whole, I would say Asia particularly China and India. And I would probably elevate up from medical and just say generally in the places we're choosing to play in those high-growth Asian emerging markets, that would make the list.  And then I probably wouldn't rule out rigid packaging in North America, particularly as we continue to expand the healthcare -- sorry, the hospital franchise that we have and grow in the Specialty Container space where there is technology and differentiation, but also share opportunities. So, it's a good question, Larry, I sort of give you those three -- certainly amongst the top 4 or 5. [Indiscernible].
Ronald Delia: Listen, Larry, I think it's finishing observation. I would say that all the different partnerships and organizations that were part of have catalyzed the most actual funding by a long shot. And so, I take on board some of these projects that have been launched are smaller. And I think -- to contextualize it also, we have to keep in mind, this is a new organization.  Essentially it was started a couple of years ago and then as soon as it stepped up with full-time management, the pandemic kind of has slowed things down, but there is more capital that's been committed by the executive committee and the board of that organization than anything else that we're associated with, it's real money, I mean, we write the check.
Ronald Delia: While like any NGO, Larry, sometimes our industry association is not always this transparent, but the money that the participants are putting into that organization will crystallize and will catalyze action. And there are good examples. In the project stopping in Indonesia is a good pilot. There's one in the U.S. now called First Star, which is small. And I think as -- as the initiative gains steam, we will have bigger, bolder projects to point to. But for the early days, I'm pretty pleased with the way it's distributing its resources.
Ronald Delia: Yeah. I would say across our portfolio, there are going to be both opportunities pretty much throughout the business. If I had to put a priority list together, I would say flexibles to reinforce some of the higher value end-market segments that we're participating in or in Asia would be near the top of the list. I think in rigid packaging, the special space in North America outside of beverage, would be high on the list of -- that would be from a product perspective.  Returns are always going to be important. The Company is now generating a 15% return on capital. So, we need to be there or thereabout as we think about investments. From a leverage perspective, I wouldn't give you a number other than to say, we're going to be an investment-grade Company, always have been, and are committed to that. But within that, we have an ample capacity. If you think about the EBITDA now the business is over $2 billion. One turn, it would make for a lot of firepower for M&A. So, there's no constraint there.
Ronald Delia: Thanks, Scott. It's a good question. I mean, the short answer is no. I mean, we're going to be active in bringing responsible packaging to life in a number of different ways. But we'll also be -- and we'll have to be somewhat judicious and focused and disciplined about where we deploy our shareholder's capital and we think the best use of the capital is in developing packaging that is going to have a better end of life profile or uses more recycled material or less material in the first place.  That's where most of our efforts will go. As far as waste management infrastructure, there's a number of different things and means to fund that, including extended producer responsibility regimes, bottled deposits, and things like that.  And when those are properly designed then we're very supportive of those, and that can likely be part of the answer, but I don't envision us putting capital to work in that part of the value chain on any extensive basis other than maybe just some pilots through a partnership or an alliance.
Michael Casamento: Looked at -- typically we'd expect low-single-digit growth from the top line, I mean, that's what you saw around this year, and if you look at the history that's typically what we see. So, I think if we can give you any more detail now, I think it's the low-single-digit is where we would point to.
Michael Casamento: Yes, all right. I'll take the financial [Indiscernible] to be alike, the first thing is, as you know, in standard industry, we pass through raw material pricing to customers on a contractual basis so it's a timing issue more than anything on that front. The other point about Amcor, obviously we have a broad and diverse range of raw materials and consumption around the globe so you've got to take that into account.  As you look at our number through the year. And then, of course, we built capabilities of the -- many years of getting that raw material pass-through. So, from where we sit today, we're really pleased with how we dealt with some of the spikes in '21.  As we've said in the remarks, we have covered over 100 million in flexibles in Q4 alone and exited the year on an annualized basis that was about 500 million in those prices and more to come. The price lag costs as manageable as it was in Q3. And so, we haven't called that out specifically. And really the evidence around that is through our margins. So, you can see that our margins continued to expand in Q4 and in fact expanding in every quarter throughout the year.
Michael Casamento: So, when we put all that together, we're really pleased with the way we've gotten to on that front. And our teams are really, really, we build capability in that space to make sure that we get that pass through efficiently. And then on the.
Michael Casamento: Sorry, I can start. Salvator -- I mean, if you think about the growth descent until 11%, you're going to see around mid-single-digit from an organic standpoint as the first point. And then you've still got some benefits from the buyback to come through as always, more organic. So, there's probably 1-2% there that's going to come through. And then obviously we've got some synergies left to go, which will be low single-digit.  So that kind of explains to you the make-up of the guidance and obviously to get to the upper end we'd see some better revenue in the topline, perhaps a stronger recovery in healthcare. And that's the opposite in terms of the long end of the range, maybe some further raw material headwinds could drive the lower end of our range, but that's really the make-up of the components in that guidance.
Michael Casamento: So yes. We've said the adjusted cash flow is going to be 1.1 billion to 1.2 billion. Again, a range there, which -- depending on the earnings, we hope that Working Capital potentially could move around depending on Headwinds to raw materials, but that's the key items there. We haven't called out specifically interest in tax.  I think you can expect that they'd be similar to where we are this year if there was something unusual to call out there, we'd call it out for you. Obviously, we're going to have higher earnings so the tax absolute will be higher, but otherwise, within that range. And then we're looking to invest more in the CapEx front, as I spoke to in my notes. And that's really to support organic growth into the future in several opportunities that we've got on hand today.
Michael Casamento: Hey John. Yeah, I'll take that one. I mean, in terms of returns on CapEx, we really haven't changed the model there. I mean, it's a cash investment, we expect 20% return on those as a minimum, and that's typically what we work towards, so no real change there over the term. With respect to working capital, yeah, we saw some high [Indiscernible] during the period and some high receivables as we started to flush that through the system.  And then the offset was payable. So, from a year in perspective, it wasn't a meaningful impact, but there's probably still a little bit of that to flow through the system and it's more timing issue than anything. But in the cash flow that we saw at the year-end, we were pretty pleased with where we ended, it was a strong performance and we had a good finish in the year, and that's really on the back of the continued focus in working capital.  And particularly around things like that as an overdue, we've had a really good performance there across the board. Just generally, inventory management is been strong, and we continue to manage with our supplies as well so I've already placed on the working capital front.
Michael Casamento: The range is there. It's a reason why range 1.1 billion to 1.2 billion. Obviously factored in that is the earnings guidance range so we've given a range [Indiscernible] 7% to 11% depending on where we end up in that range. We will drive the cash flow as well. And of the other key component is really the working capital movement.  I said earlier, we've had some raw material increases which we manage pretty well into the end of it by '21, that can be a factor as we head into '22. there can be some movement there to the upside or the downside. But that's really what's in the range. That said we've managed working capital really well. We had the last 2 years takin
Michael Casamento: G cash out on that front. And as we move forward, we think this kind of be pretty stable. So, I mean there are drivers within that range.
Michael Casamento: Typically, we'd say the working capital if you got back before the Bemis acquisition, the working capital content within that 8% to 9% range. And for us, we feel that's pretty comfortable, when we did the acquisition, it jumped up to 10.7, then we got it down to 9.5 and went down to 8. So, I think we feel pretty comfortable the way we are today. So, you shouldn't expect too much more to come out of working capital it'll be relatively stable.
Michael Casamento: The reason behind that was really -- we saw a significant increase in demand, which -- and basically the capacity is full -- the industry capacity is full. So, we didn't get a chance -- and opportunity to build inventory in the quieter months leading up to the summer. And so, what we experienced was increased costs just to manage the supply chain. So, we had shuttling costs, increased labor, and the like. And that's ahead of installing new capacity.
Michael Casamento: So, we would be touched on today that we are installing new capacity in that off [Indiscernible] particularly. So, we'd expect over time they should start to obey as we get that capacity comes online.
Larry Gandler: Thanks, everybody. Good day. A couple of questions obviously. My first question is, if I can do by way of example, the question is, what are the top 3 opportunities to create organic earnings over the next day, 3 years, call it FY '25? Here is an example of what I'm asking for; In Asia, you guys might be under skewing in terms of your overall market share in medical and pharma packaging relative to your market share in other parts of the world.  So, when you look at the size of the agent market, in medical packaging, is that an initiative Amcor might undertake, and how would they do it to grow out its earnings over the next 3 years? You might not look at its geography, you might look it maybe pet food across the world. So, can you dimensionalize those top 3 initiatives? Trying to look past short-term earnings.
Larry Gandler: Okay. I look forward to scoping those out maybe in near future. And my second question pertains to Alliance to End Plastic Waste.
Larry Gandler: Excuse the criticism, but it feels like a bit of greenwashing here. I impose taking this executive committee position, and when you get on the website for Alliance to End Plastic Waste, first of all, there's no set of accounts and it's supposedly an organization that's well-capitalized, but when you look at the projects, I think there was a project in India where they put some sort of filter in a river which ends up getting stolen.  There are a couple of projects like in India and Africa where it's highly manual intensive, doesn't require auto (ph.) capital of collecting waste. This is an organization that's backed by billions and the project seemed very small. I'm just wondering where you want to take that organization? Because as you say, we need the waste management to make a structure, particularly in emerging markets. And I've always had hoped that that was going to be the organization that would drive it.
