Michael Casamento: Thanks, Ron. I’m on Slide 9 now and in terms of cash flow, one of the highlights for the year was our working capital performance. The legacy Amcor business reduced the working capital sales ratio from 10.6% last year to 9% this year with improvements in a range of areas including payables and receivables days which in turn reduce our average debt levels during the year and net interest expense in the P&L. We expect the working capital sales ratio will increase following the acquisition of the Bemis business but will then become a source of cash as we work the ratio back down over time. Capital expenditure was also lower than last year, we would typically expect capital expenditure to track in line with depreciation. And this year our spend was little lower as we focused on the integration activities. Capital expenditure is also likely to be slightly lower than depreciation mid-2020 financial year as we work through the integration. Adjusting for Bemis related transaction costs and an expert pro rata dividend paid in May, cash flow after dividends was $193 million or $207 million for the legacy Amcor business only which was in line with our guidance range for the year. Turning to the balance sheet on Slide 10. As Ron mentioned earlier, Amcor’s balance sheet and financial profile remain strong. Net debt of USD 5.5 billion at the 30th of June has increased compared to last year mainly driven by the addition of the Bemis debt facilities. Leverage measured as net debt over combined EBITDA was 2.7 times after adjusting for the impact of the divested businesses. In the last several months, our Treasury team has successfully refinanced and restructured a significant amount of debt that was carried by both legacy businesses. We continue to be in a very comfortable position in relation to our debt profile, with access to a diverse range of funding sources, and appropriate combination of fixed and floating debt and with a well balanced mix of currencies, and no significant maturities in the next 12 months, demand for Amcor credit has been strong, and the outcome will benefit net interest costs in future periods. We expect the net finance costs will be within a range of $230 million to $250 million in our 2020 financial year, which is approximately $20 million lower than the combined net finance costs for 2019. So in summary, Amcor continues to generate strong cash flow, and has balance sheet capacity to fund the buyback announced today, while retaining the ability to invest in growth and maintain investment grade credit metrics moving forward. So with that, I'll hand back to Ron.
Michael Casamento: Yes, sure. I think, as you saw our working capital for the Amcor legacy business improved significantly in 2019, but obviously will see an increase there because the Bemis, the Bemis business kind of tracks around at 12.5% to 13% working capital sales. So that's an opportunity for us, but clearly, that takes some time to get down and we expect to see some benefit over the next couple of years. So bringing that down over time. And then on CapEx front as Ron said, I think typically, we'd be around that in line with depreciation this year, I'd expect we're probably going to be slightly behind that. So this is again, there'll be some benefiting the cash flow as a result of multiplying that level.
Michael Casamento: Andrew, it's Michael here, probably just to give you a bit of flavor there, as you said, the starting point is kind of $135 million and we're expecting kind of $20 million, $25 million to $30 million increase there. Part of that is to do, this year, we had quite low insurance claims. So at this stage we're guiding to a more normalized view on that front. And in addition to that, we're also looking to take the opportunity here, we think it's a great opportunity to double down invest, put some investment into our commercial, further commercial capabilities around Value Plus and Procure Plus and the like, and really take advantage of some of that across the whole of our business. So that's why you're seeing some increase there in the corporate costs.
Michael Casamento: Brian, you have to do the math. I think about half of the currency in fact is related to the Euro. The other half is a really broad mix of currencies across probably 15 or so that would each be about 2% or 3% of the impact. I think last year, the impact is pretty clear in terms of, Brian what does it Slide 30 in the backup might be the best guide to look at.
Michael Casamento: Yes, look I will take that one. The range we put out there is $200 million to $300 million. And that is after cash integration costs of around $100 million. So we don't typically break down the components within that. But as I said the guide from guidance earlier around CapEx is typically around depreciation, you expect it. So going to be slightly lower than that, this coming year, in terms of working capital, as we said we see opportunity, particularly as the Bemis business comes into Amcor, so we'd expect to see some working capital improvement, although that does take time to flow through. So I think and in terms of your question around divestment, that's not included in the cash flow number as part of that.
Michael Casamento: Yes, so we got benefits from both in FY 2019 in case of Alusa, that was a big driver of the acquisition related profit uplift that we refer to today in FY 2019, we’ll get more value next year. As we said, probably a year-ago, that business will be a little bit behind from an absolute profit perspective, the returns are getting close to what we originally announced. But the absolute profit is going to be a little longer to realize because there's just been no top line growth. In Latin America, the business is exposed to some economies that are particularly challenged, including Argentina. And we just haven't really seen any top line growth. But we feel pretty good about that. In fact, we've gotten revenue synergies out of that, that we haven't quantified, but have manifested themselves in a number of global customer contracts. And I think some of the growth you see in the Flexibles top line comes from some of those global deals. In the case of Sonoco, that one also has delivered value, it delivered value in 2019. It will deliver more in FY 2020. I think from an overall North American Rigid Packaging business perspective, we've expanded the restructuring, you might notice today, and we've taken a bit more holistic look at the footprint and we're actually doing more specialty container production in legacy beverage plants. So the egg is a bit scrambled at this stage, but that one also will deliver benefits in FY 2020.
Ron Delia: I’ll let Michael speak to 2020 but the short answer on the first question is absolutely on track. We had a great year in working capital performance last year at Amcor and we expect to apply the same disciplines and degree of focus to the Bemis business. And we know going through an integration like this, there'll be less capital that gets spent in the ordinary course. And so we'll see those benefits as well. But Michael, maybe you can just speak to the 2020 aspect of the question.
Ron Delia: Yes, it's a really good question. Look, the short answer is we feel really good about this business and how it's positioned for the long-term. If we stand back, the business is participating across all of the liquid refreshment beverage categories in North America and in Latin America as well. And it also is supplying containers into food and personal care and pharmaceuticals, so it's broadly exposed, it gets more and more diversified with each year. Within beverages, there's no question we've seen some slow down in the water market. But again, as you pointed out, only about 2% of our margin comes from water in the rigid plastics segment. So it's really not a -- it's just not an important segment for us now or nor will be in the future. Beyond that, we continue to see 2% growth, at least across all of the other categories in beverage, in plastic and yes, there's obviously a role for alternative substrates in different sub-segments, sparkling water is one where there's been a good growth in cans but also been exceptional growth in plastic and sparkling water. I think that's more of a consumer shift to that product format than a packaging issue. But going forward, we continue to see growth that looks like the growth we've seen historically in the segments we're playing in, which has generally been around 2% for a number of years.
Ron Delia: To be clear Andrew on the synergy aspect to your question there, absolutely our synergies in corporate. But as we've said all along, we're not going to be looking for synergies in the commercial part of the company, which is sales and research and development, certainly in the first instance. And so we want to double down there and make sure, we capture the marketplace benefits of this deal as well.
Ron Delia: So you can think about it as $300 million to $400 million before the integration costs, which is a step up from where Amcor has been historically.
Ron Delia: Yes, absolutely, absolutely. Their base businesses is going well, as we said, FY 2019 we finished with some good momentum and had a good second half. So we absolutely expect it to grow into FY 2020. On top of which then we have $65 million of pre-tax synergies. So it's really coming from both, in terms of the organic growth in the business, it's the things that you would expect, we expect a modest level of top line growth in the business, more in emerging markets, which we're seeing less though in developed markets. We expect continued margin improvement as we evolve the mix. Generally each year, we've got some legacy, or let's say prior period acquisitions, which will add benefits in 2020 and some restructuring benefits in their Rigid Plastic segment, which will add value as well. So we have multiple levers with which to generate growth on the base and then the $65 million, again on EBIT synergies through the Bemis acquisition although that’s in the guide.
Ron Delia: Look, John, that is really exciting. I mean, the level of interest among customers for these products is just unprecedented. The  nature of the dialog with the customers in terms of the breadth with which we're engaging, and across those organizations, and the importance that they're placing on getting some of these materials, tested and in trials has been great. Now, we also have come to learn over the years that nothing moves quickly in this space with regards to new product development, shelf life, in most of the food categories, shelf life testing can be six to 12 months, just before you even can think about commercializing. So these things take time but the leading indicators are positive and the leading indicators we're looking at is the customer inquiries, I should say, the trials and testing that are being done and just the general level of interest which is quite high. So look, what we would say that those products and in particular, and others will generate top line growth, two to three years from now, but there's no time like the present to start process.
Ron Delia: Well, look, Larry. I think first of all in the volumes, there is mixed data out there. Our business is more geared towards the segments that continue to grow as we touched on earlier, we're pretty pleased with the performance, we had 5% growth in constant currency terms. And if you look across the portfolio, we had basically flat volumes in beverage across the board with positive mix, good growth in Latin America. But then Argentina was a bit of a drag overall. So 3% growth in total. So you got 1% and 3% in two big businesses, leverage to beverage converting to profit. And then in our Specialty Containers business, we flag we had two plants that really didn't perform well for brief periods of time throughout the year and we lost some money on the table there. So generally speaking, we're pleased with the year 5% constant currency growth with relatively low overall volumes and a couple of plants that didn't help us out for a couple of periods there, a couple of months, I think, we're pretty happy with the results overall.
Ron Delia: There are two legacy plants we've had for a very long period of time that have been good earners for us and just had some operational issues and I won't get into the details, it happens we've got 150 plants and every once in a while a couple of them aren’t going so well.
Ron Delia: No, this would be mostly capital and the like. So, specifically, I'm glad you asked, because we can put a little more color to that investment that we flagged today. Look, it'll be in a few areas. We know we can add some R&D infrastructure around the world. We've got a world-class facility in Rigid Packaging, we got a world-class facility now in Wisconsin that comes from Bemis in Flexibles. We don't necessarily have the same level of infrastructure in Asia and in Europe. And so that's an area where we'll spend some money. To be some capital equipment, that will be helpful for us as we process more recycled content and as we roll out some of the new products like AmLite, HeatFlex and Shetron referred to earlier. And, we also know we don't have all the best ideas in the world. So open innovation, corporate venturing are things that we're doing more and more of. And then lastly, we're pretty active in terms of our partnership network, you would know about the recycling partnership in the U.S. and some others, and so we’ll allocate a little bit more to those initiatives as well. So it's really those three or four areas, most of that is essentially capital, I guess you could say.
Ron Delia: Larry I got to admit, I'm not sure that I made that observation that that Coke is in the cold fill space operates through a different business model. They have Co-Op network that supplies most of their cold fill products. So there's less visibility generally, I would say in the market to that side, I would have thought it was very comparable. I know that our dialog with all the customers in the beverage space is quite similar in terms of their drive to smaller portions and smaller pack size in Rigid Plastics, as a primary source of growth for their various products. So I really wouldn't comment beyond that. I'm not sure I could really say with much conviction.
Ron Delia: Yes, good question. Look compostable products are part of our mix in Flexibles, it's a very small percentage. We have a couple of products that we've or a couple of structures I should say under brand name called Nature Plus, Plus in Europe, that have been around for a while. We have some hesitation around that because compostable doesn't necessarily mean recyclable. In fact, quite often, consumers get confused in compostable or biodegradable structures, in some cases actually can lead to more waste and can also corrupt or pollute the recycling stream. So those products are not necessarily recyclable, but they are compostable in the right environment. In terms of the other part of the question about where we're at today, look I think it's clear on Rigid Plastics, 97% plus of our products are recyclable, in Flexibles, it's difficult to give you a number because technically speaking, a good deal of our product mix is recyclable. But that's the technical answer, and you need to have access to the right infrastructure. And so our role will be first and foremost, to make sure that all our products are technically recyclable. And we make good progress on that front every year, including some of the new developments that I referenced earlier. We also have a role to play in ensuring the infrastructure is in place to be able to actually recycle the products after they're used. And there's work to do there and that's not Amcor’s job alone, but we certainly have a part to play. So look, it's hard to give a specific number on Flexibles other than to say that the product development that I highlighted earlier and that we're heavily engaged with our customers on is getting us to a higher and higher level of technically recyclable products. And then we also have to help just the broader landscape to make sure the infrastructure is in place to actually be able to recycle.
Ron Delia: I don't think as we look across our mix, there's anything that we see that is insurmountable. It's just a question of time and development, there will be a solution for pretty much everything we make. It'll just take some product development and some time. So I would say the short answer is no, there's nothing that we see is an imminent issue that can't be solved.
Ron Delia: Absolutely. For the technical part it is, whether society and the markets around the world have the recycling infrastructure in place in five years. That's a bigger question. I'm not sure, we have an answer to that one. But we will have done our part by 2025.
Ron Delia: Look the second question is a shorter is your answer that that is that $50 million is above and beyond what we spend each year. But as I think I responded to another question earlier, that's essentially going to be capital that gets spent over the next couple of years. So it's not operating expense. It'll be more investments and CapEx. In terms of raw materials, look I think as we highlighted, we had a modest benefit this year of about $5 million, if we went back six months ago, we had a modest headwind. And then we clawed that back in the second half a little bit, and then some. And yes, I'd say the short answer is we're out there recovering, you can see this sales line is reflecting the fact that prices have gone up to recover raw material increases. The outlook from here is mixed, we see which is typically what we say it's almost, it's highly unusual that we see all the materials around the world moving up in the same direction at the same time, we've only seen that a couple of times in the last decade. Right now what we see is a mixed picture. Even within regions, you see some commodities going up and others going down. And so that says to us that it's not likely to be a material driver of our profit movement from FY 2019 into FY 2020.
Ron Delia: Yes, look I think what I would say is that the Bemis business has performed well, it's been tracking as it had through 2018 and or through the first three quarters of the equivalent financial year for Amcor. And the fourth quarter in Amcor financial calendar or second quarter of the calendar year, the business in North America and the overseas businesses and the healthcare business perform well. So they I would say that the businesses is doing well, and it's got good momentum. And it continues to progress period over period. Latin American business didn't have a good quarter, as we call that made a marginal loss, I think it's just look at, they were lot week volumes, and no cost flexing, and all of which is fixable over time. But it's a complicated portfolio. And it probably needs to be streamlined a bit. So we're on that already. The business made money in July. It'll get back on track over time, but it did not have a good fourth quarter, beyond Latin America, the rest of the legacy Bemis perimeter performed very well.
Ron Delia: Yes, look it's a good question. I mean, first of all, I think on the product side, as I answered earlier, I think that the science will allow us to come up with solutions for all the products that we make, so that they’re recyclable, or compostable or reusable. That's, our part. And we can manage that. And we will over the next few years. So that part, I think is more straightforward. I think then with the education is required, it's just on the recycling end, which is where most of these products rightly should end up from an end-of-life perspective. I think there'll be a role for reusable and there'll be a role for compostable. But it's unlikely that there'll be lots of industrial composting centers built for that people will install residential composting equipment at a large scale. So I think ultimately, the answer here is largely going to be through recycling and there is some educating the consumer that's required. I mean, we have even in the U.S., only 30% of PET containers recycled at the moment. It's highly recyclable. It's a product that you can, you can reuse, for all practical purposes indefinitely, and yet the consumer doesn't recycle. So there's a bit of educating to be done. There's also a bit of infrastructure development required, which we have a role in. But not Amcor alone, we need to work with others on that part. As far as the perception goes, we continue to see growth in all of our segments in plastic. We continue to see new product introductions, we continue to see new upstart brands, look to plastic packaging. So there doesn't seem to be other than the headlines around certain categories like water doesn't seem to be any shift that’s substantive in terms of where these products or how these products should be packaged. And you have to bear in mind that consumer has a broad suite of needs. They want products that are convenient, that are functional, that are lighter weight. And most of that gets delivered most efficiently through some sort of a plastic format. That's why the industry has evolved towards plastics over the last several decades. So the answer now is to just do that in a way that is responsible, and that doesn't contribute to waste. And we think, we have a big role to play in making that happen.
Ron Delia: It's a great question. Look, you're absolutely right, the effort now is on largely focused on bringing out the cost synergies, those tend to be more discrete projects. So you have a factory to close or you have procurement efforts to run and then it's behind you and the synergies are bank. So that's where most of the effort is. But I would tell you, in parallel, the commercial organization is always thinking about growth. And now they have a few more tools to deploy, as they think about how to do that. So I would say it would be understanding the effort commercially to give the impression that the thinking in that area hasn't started yet. But I will tell you, as I also said few minutes ago, the ability to generate growth in these businesses takes time, particularly if it's technology oriented or based off new product development, it typically will take a couple of years before you can begin a conversation and actually see products on the shelf. And so no time like the present. And the teams are starting to get on it.
Ron Delia: Yes, look Brook we’re going to have to follow-up with you on that. I mean, we've closed the books on the combined basis, as you can imagine, so we have to untangle what was legacy Bemis and what was legacy Amcor particularly from a balance sheet perspective. So we might have big follow-up with you on that one.
Ron Delia: Yes, it's a good question. Look, it is a business that you need to peel the onion on because the conventional wisdom would be would lead you to think something other than what the reality is, the business does a great job every year of improving its mix, capturing incremental share where it can and yes in some case is diversifying a bit into specialty folding cartons for other end markets, as well as capturing growth now and not so much in the Americas but in Europe and Asia from the growth of alternative reduced risk products. So look in the Americas, it was a combination of some of those factors. I wouldn't want to parse it too finally but the business does have growth leavers at its disposal, and we had a great year in that business last year in general.
Ron Delia: Yes, it's a good question. And it's interesting. First of all, you might have been referring to Agility, which is the Bemis restructuring program, those benefits have been realized. And that program is behind them. So that's good to see they've executed well, on that in terms of top line growth, the business grows them in a similar way to the way the Amcor business grows in Europe. It's going to be 1% to 2%, sort of top line story. The focus on smaller customers to run business is, we think absolutely the right approach, the right strategy, it's an approach that we've had in several parts of our business, as well. So there's an opportunity to learn from each other there. And that won’t change. I think that's where a lot of the growth is in these end markets that we're servicing. So we're pretty excited about that that approach.
Ron Delia: Well, from a strategic perspective, we're really happy with the portfolio we have. So we're operating now in four product categories, four product segments. And if you look back over 15 years at Amcor, we've been narrowing that focus and we're quite happy with the four categories we're now. So we won't be adding any new products beyond Flexibles, Rigids, closures and cartons. But then within those parameters, within Flexibles, there's areas that we would like to do a double down in and we were trying to improve the mix each year. Healthcare packaging is an outstanding market for us, there's more we can do there. So I think it'd be more incremental within the four product segments that we're currently participating in as opposed to anything very profound and fundamental across the whole portfolio.
Ron Delia: Okay, operator and thank you to everyone who participated in the call this morning. Thank you for your questions. We will end the call there.
