William F. Austen: Yes, it's a good question, Scott, and it's one that we've kicked around here quite a bit. In March, we're going to lay out our objectives for the next several years. And the global leadership team, the operating team that's going to be at that meeting, has got specific plans for their regions of the world that are going to be projected over the course of a longer term, okay? Not a 90-day plan but more of a -- where are we on the strategy, where are we on the journey, where are we on improving our ROIC trend moving forward. Where are we on our return on sales trend moving forward. So we're taking an approach that says, we're going to continue to meet quarterly. We're going to continue to have these conference calls quarterly. We're going to continue to tell you where we are on our journey on a quarterly basis, but that journey is going to be where are we in our longer-term journey. Where are we on our goals and objectives that we've set out for the company over the longer-term. And that's going to include product vitality. What kind of new products we'll be bringing to the market? When are they going to hit the market? What do our sales trends look like? What do the macroeconomic trends look like in those regions of the world that are going to project us onto that journey. So to do that on a quarterly basis, it's just doesn't -- not something we're going to do. Going to tell you about the year and we're going to give you, not guidance, but we're going to give you information as to where we stand on our annual journey and where we are in our -- hitting our goals and objectives on the longer term.
William F. Austen: No, we're going to stick to the same knitting we've always had, Scott, in that we're going to continue to improve our ROIC, the trend is going to be up as we go forward. And in March, we'll lay out what we think our goals and objectives are going to be for the next several years, so you'll get to see that in March. But we don't have a target that we're going to tell you for 2015. But we've done good work. I mean, if you look at the teams, what they've been doing, we've been focusing on, just as much as to what we're not going to do, which is just as important as what we are going to do. And when we focus on what we're not going to do, we start to drive that ROIC up.
William F. Austen: Yes. This is Bill. The business that we have in Latin America, specifically Brazil, along your question, our protein business is now becoming more consumer-focused than it had been before. We have a, we had a very nice business in fresh red meat for export, which is specifically at your point, yes, we should see a little bit of help from the export market in Brazil. But as we talked last time on the call, as packaging formats become more and more sophisticated, which they have been somewhat in Brazil, we start to get more into the consumer segment with our high barrier materials and our high barrier products. So we've got a mix now. we've got a mix of export business and we have a mix of consumer business as it relates to protein.
William F. Austen: Mostly, what we do in Brazil, in Brazil itself is focused at the consumer. So you're looking at probably, if I had to cut it, 90% is, would be consumer-driven and 10% would be for export.
William F. Austen: Ghansham, this is Bill. You look at what we have in place, we have a 60-plus plant network in place around the world. And just the fact that there are 60 plants, there's maintenance, and run-the-business kind of capital that's required with 60 plants. We also have an emerging business in Asia Pacific, not just on the food side but in health care and in the electronics arena. And we'll be investing in all 3 of those product, I should say, market segments, in Asia-Pacific as we go forward. And if you look at the plant network in the United States, in beef, U.S. Packaging, you see that we've got productivity gains to be made with some investment that we can put in, and those productivity gains help us expand margins, improve service and quality across the U.S. Packaging network. So we've got good opportunities in U.S. Packaging for both growth in liquid dairy and high barrier, but we also have good opportunities for margin expansion with productivity improvements through capital investment. And in Europe, we continue to have a very nice protein business, a high barrier business in Europe, where we invested last year. And we'll be investing in some more of those same type of assets that we put into Europe for flat film. We'll be investing into that kind of technology in U.S. Packaging. So if you split it out, it's -- there's a good portion of it goes into U.S. Packaging, a portion of it goes into Asia Pacific. We have some of the CapEx budget going into Latin America. But those are basically the 3. Europe, we invested in quite nicely in the last year and now we're going to bring those assets up to speed and fill them in Europe.
William F. Austen: George, I'm going to answer a piece of that question and Mike's going to answer the rest. Let me answer the question about the commercialization, is there an inventory issue? No, there is not. I feel really good about 2015 and heading into 2015, we came out of 2014 with projects that had already been through the trialing phases that we're scaling up, and are going to be commercialized as we go into Q1 and Q2 and Q3 of 2015. And this is not just in any one region of the world, but it's in every region of the world. In the U.S, we've got great traction with our Evolution product line now, which is fully commercialized and in the market. We've got in Latin America, the conversion of glass bottle for drinkable yogurt to a unique cup and lid structure that was trialed late last year, hit the market in December and now is at full scale-up in retail in Latin America. In Europe, our VSP films have really set ourselves apart from the competition with the type of film we make and those films have created pull through new customers for other products that we have not sold before in Europe. And in Asia Pacific, we qualified several new film structures for the electronics industry, medical and pharma and food in late 2014 that will ramp up through commercialization in Q1 and Q3 -- Q2 of 2015. So I am -- I feel really good about where we are this year versus last year, coming out of 2013. Feel really good, feel very positive about where those new products and where they are in their commercialization, but also where they are in the marketplace. I'll turn the other part of it over to Mike.
William F. Austen: Phil, this is Bill. Your question about volume, what we looked at, what we're looking at for volumes into 2015, and I'm not going to talk about base business or new business. But overall, 2% unit volume growth in U.S. Packaging is what we're looking at, and in global, it's 4%. And that's -- includes the, what I would say is the base business, as well as the commercialization efforts that we've gone through in late 2014 into 2015 that will bring new business, new customers to Bemis Company. That's -- those are the numbers we're looking at.
William F. Austen: Well, we get push back from our customers even when raw material prices go up. It's not just when they go down. But yes, as I said in my prepared statement, our model is built around trying to decrease the volatility in earnings when raw materials go up and when they go down. So if they go up, they go down, we got about a 90-day window and then it's our pass-through, our contracts with customers would pass through those up-and-down movements to the customer base. So of course, we get push back all the time. There's always conversation about whether raw materials are going up or are they going down, but it's no louder than it normally would be.
William F. Austen: In global, you'd see that price mix is up, okay? And unit volume was down, primarily due to a slow first half of consumption driven in Latin America. As we went through 2014 in the second half, we actually gain some volume and gain some share in Latin America to offset the down first half of the year. So price mix is good. We continue to push very hard on price, being a leader in Latin America and that would include Mexico, Brazil and Argentina. And we did see volumes increase in the second half of 2014 based on some share gain and some new products that we delivered to the market.
William F. Austen: Again, sort of -- somewhat the same, very strong price mix of about 3% and unit volume down about 2%.
William F. Austen: Yes. About 2/3 of the business, let's say, is contract. The other third is not. So you're close. It's very close, it's ballpark. But on the customers that are noncontract customers, obviously, we try to hang on to those price deltas as long as possible. We are not out there knocking on their doors letting them know that, "Oh, resin just went down, here's your $0.05." We try to hang on to those as long as possible. We create new structures. We create new features, so that we can try to keep those gains in-house. But we are not out there proactively lowering price to noncontract customers.
William F. Austen: No, it's the same as it always has been. It's a competitive environment. We do create unique differentiated structures in a lot of those parts of the world that run well on equipment, that maintain certain features and functions that, that customer is desiring. So in some cases, it's hard for them to move it, in other cases it's not. It just -- it is -- there is a competitive dynamic that exists. And we try to differentiate ourselves to maintain that competitive dynamic in our favor.
William F. Austen: Yes. If you look back over the last couple of years, we -- what we spent, actual physical cash spent on capital, it was basically a 50-50 blend between maintenance, environmental health and safety, run-the-business kind of capital and capital for growth. So your $130 million number, about $65 million was spent on maintenance and run the business, and $65 million was spent for growth. As we go forward, that dynamic is going to shift, and we're going to be -- so rather than 50-50, it will be more like 65/35. 65% spent on growth, 35% spent on run the business, environmental health and safety, maintenance kinds of items. So that's the shift that's taking place in 2014. 65%-plus of our capital went toward growth initiatives and growth projects, because we haven't -- we hadn't put the money toward the growth lever on capital, now we're doing that. And that, again, that is growth for volume growth, new products, new assets to run new materials, as well as productivity improvements to enhance margins.
William F. Austen: Well first of all, [indiscernible] I think the $400 million, $410 million is the right number at the 2015 midpoint EBITDA. Clearly, as this company grows, that cash flow will be improving. But no, I -- I mean, when I look at the facts that -- based on this year, if you take cash taxes and cash interest, that's the starting point.
William F. Austen: What we said earlier was 2% in U.S. Packaging and 4% in global, and that inventory, some of that inventory build that occurred in late 2014 is focused right at that target, being able to hit those targets through trial, scale-up, commercialization of new products.
William F. Austen: It's a good question, Al. And where we -- what we look at is really, where did we come through 2014 as we got toward the end of the year? We had -- we didn't have a lot of trials, we had a lot of startup of new types of structures for new products and some of them are now commercial, they're in the marketplace and they're ramping up. So if you look back over time, maybe we weren't that robust with some of the real live, on the deck plates products that are going to be in the market that customers have accepted. And looking at the end of '14 into '15, there's real tangible products in U.S. Packaging that are entering the market now. And customers, they're feeling a little bit better with the lower gasoline prices that are out there and they're -- customers like the large CPGs in the United States are looking at, okay, how do I re-energize some of my brands? What can I do to get brands into different formats? And for some of these large customers, we're one of their very go-to type packaging companies to help them come up with new designs and new features. So I look at that and say, gosh, we're in a great position versus years gone by, where brands weren't trying to be re-energized or reinvigorated. So some of our large customers are bringing out some new formats for -- so they can drive their brands and get some growth in the market that they haven't had until the past few years, and we're in a good position to help them. And we've gotten products in their hands throughout the second half of 2014 that will become commercialized in 2015. So I feel good about that. The team in U.S. Packaging feels really good about that, both on -- in dairy, liquid, meat, cheese, protein snacking, on-the-go, all these types of smaller formats are entering the market. And we're in a great position to support them. We have products, we have awards and we've got new things entering the market. So going out of '14, I feel very confident about '15's volume.
William F. Austen: No. We did not see that. At least I did not see that, I don't think any of our business team saw that either. What we're seeing is good orders flow, good orders rates going into the year, which is nice. It's comforting.
William F. Austen: Absolutely. I feel really good about the leadership team that's in place at Bemis. And not just here in the United States, but all around the world. We've got a great leadership team, everybody's on the same page. We're all aligned. They know what not to do, which is very important, and they're focused on what we should be doing and how we're working closer and closer with customers to be their packaging company of choice, and that's our vision. Our vision is to really get wrapped around customers and be passionate about our customers' success and in turn, we will succeed. And the whole team, the whole global team is on that page.
William F. Austen: You bet. 2015, the global leadership team is, their incentive compensation package is 50% based on return on invested capital, 50% based on return on sales. And in the past, it was a couple of items, one of which was earnings per share and operating profit, safety, those kinds of things. But we're getting the leadership teams around the world focused on return on invested capital, making decisions based on return on invested capital and return on sales. We've marched down this road, this is the road we're on, we changed the compensation plans to align with where we need to go and what we want to push on, and everybody's behind it.
William F. Austen: I'll take the first part of that question. I think if you really look at our share repurchases and then considering we had some cash from disposing of 2 businesses during the year, it was really just driven by keeping in line with our 2x leverage. And we will continue the same kind of strategy at 2x levered. And if we have excess cash and we don't have a strategic acquisition to make, we would clearly repurchase shares.
William F. Austen: [indiscernible] Right, the other part of your question was global margins. What we've said in the journey that the global team is on, is that 10%-plus in 3 to 5 years. And they worked very hard this past year and a half to put themselves in the position to do that. And we're really excited about what they've got going on as we go through 2015 and beyond. So 3 to 5 years, 10%-plus, and they're well on their way to do that.
William F. Austen: Sure. The -- if you look at our dairy and liquid categories, there's a lot of growth in the conversion of, from rigid formats, glass can to flexibles. There are some unique assets, some unique materials that we use to do that, to drive that and differentiate ourselves. That kind of asset, we're going to be investing in that type of asset, we'll be investing in, so. And they're not like, just off-the-shelf. There's some unique things that we build into that equipment that causes the price to be a little bit higher. If you look -- the other part of that question, George, was around dry food, snack, confection, those things. We've got some aging equipment that we've had and we're going to be reinvesting in some of that aging equipment. It's not just focused on dry snacks and other, and dry snacks and confection and candy. And it can be used for other kinds of operations as well. But it allows us to drive nice gains in productivity and margin enhancements when we do that. So I'm going to go back to our -- to what our hurdle rate is for when we look at investments. And what we've always, what we've been looking at for the past 18 months or so is a 5-year average, 15% return on invested capital. So if the business teams come in with a project that has a 5-year average of 8%, well, they don't bother coming in with those, because the hurdle rate is 15% return on invested capital, 5 years. So if we have that kind of project to invest in, we're going to invest in that to drive our ROIC up.
William F. Austen: George, it's Bill. I'll take that one. If you look at what we've done with U.S. Packaging, and the way that we're structured now in U.S. Packaging, we're structured around what you just described. Those end market categories. And in the past, we may not have been structured that way. So it was more of a one-off sell to a, to customer X. And customer Y never found out about it because it was just a one-off sale. But if you look at the way we're structured now, around market categories, meat, dairy, liquid, meat, cheese, dairy, liquid, grocery. It gives us, it gives that business team the opportunity to do just what you described. How do I take it across -- how do I take this structure, call it stick pack, across the market category versus just to one end customer? So we're trying to get that leverage, not just in U.S. Packaging but now, with the global leadership team we have in place, we try to take those opportunities for structures like a stick pack, like liquid, like a canned glass conversion into flexibles to the other global team in Europe, in South America and in Asia Pacific, so we've got a much better connected organization that is trying to do what you're describing, George, in leveraging the scale, the technology and the scope of Bemis's advantage and differentiation, to not just one customer but to the category, with which the customers reside. And that's where we're headed.
William F. Austen: Yes, Alex, while I don't have it summed for the entire company, each region has got very specific targets and goals for waste scrap productivity improvements, whether it's speed increases on equipment, whether it's throughput increases on equipment. Every region of the world has got aggressive targets for reductions in waste scrap, improvements in quality and increases in speed and throughputs. So it rolls up into their numbers and I'm -- I just don't have that summed for the company. We have very specific plans in each of the regions, though.
Michael B. Clauer: I'm working on plans right now with the organization to make sure that cash, that working capital is not a use of cash in 2015. I'm really not in a position yet, having been here only 2 months, to determine if it's -- could be a source. But clearly, that's going to be one of my goals, is to, #1, cash flow from operations before working capital changes should be flat. There should be no impact to working capital. And I'm going to try to -- determined to find ways to make it a source in 2015.
Michael B. Clauer: You are correct. I mean the bulk of the use in Q4 was really driven by, I think we just underestimated the, what the impact of inventory we're building for commercialization around the world. It's not just in North America, it was also in China. And #2, and when I really dug into the details, we just had our sales mix in the Q4 was kind of more towards customers that had longer terms. So that's kind of what happened.
Michael B. Clauer: Yes. As far as 2015, the way I think about this at this point, your numbers are in the zip code. If you take EBITDA at the midpoint of our guidance, our range, and then you subtract cash taxes and cash interest, I come up with a number of $410 million, before any changes in working capital. And as I mentioned earlier, I'm committed to make sure that working capital is not a use of cash in 2015.
Michael B. Clauer: Chris, this is Mike. I've got industry experience and where I came from, I think your statement is probably correct that companies that really pass through quicker are going to get a lot of short-term benefit. The one thing I will say as I've come to Bemis and started really understanding their structure here, they've done a really good job of taking the volatility out of earnings because of resin and when it goes up. The flip side of that is when it's coming down, we're not going to benefit. I mean, I think the actions this company took to take that volatility out is great. I mean, they're beyond -- they really aren't in the business to make money on commodity price movements. They're in the business of differentiating themselves and creating superior products. But to your comment, you would get some benefit in working capital if resin starts coming down, I don't see those type of numbers in the P&L.
Michael B. Clauer: I'll take that one. This is Mike. When I looked through the, kind of the budget assumptions, sat down with the HR department and the purchasing group and looked at the various cost areas. I would say a good number to use is, 2% to 3%, so call it 2.5% for your non-raw material cost.
Michael B. Clauer: And to further answer, if there is no new products developed throughout '15, yes, you would expect that inventory to come down. But I -- we've got a lot of meaningful projects in process that quite honestly, could potentially, we could have the same situation as we look at the end of 2015. But I will tell you, the one thing we're going to look at differently is how, we #1, build commercialization, inventory for commercialization. And #2, if we're doing it, it's going to, we're going to clearly have more transparency with you to let you know what we're outlooking as we go out throughout the year.
Michael B. Clauer: Yes. What I said earlier was our volumes in 2014 decreased mixed single digits in the cheese category and that was really kind of driven by higher cheese prices. And what we're seeing now as we come into '15 is cheese pricing is declining, coming down, so we would anticipate we'd see kind of a pickup back in our packaging for cheese.
Michael B. Clauer: I think your comment was in 2014 and as I had mentioned that, the company's done a really good job of minimizing the volatility of price moves.
Michael B. Clauer: Well, I'm asking myself the same question, because I can't bridge it from last year. Pressure sensitive was about $50 million of cash flow. I think there was some assumptions made that there was going to be some working capital that was going to be a use and it just didn't get there. When I look at my simple way, when I -- I've said it before, if I just take EBITDA less cash taxes and cash interest, that's where I get to.
George L. Staphos: I guess my first question was, again just on working capital. So I seem to remember a lower working capital guidance for the year than what wound up being the case. And there was, I think, round numbers, around a $50 million use in the fourth quarter. So I am assuming that, that's related to some of the new product and new customer awards you've been given. But if -- could you confirm that, and provide a bit more detail? And if that's not what's going on, could you provide what the drivers are there? And then I had a follow-on.
George L. Staphos: Okay. And the 2-part related follow-on. One, if you underestimated the inventory on commercialization, does that give us any pause in terms of what the customer takeaway or interest in these new products, or a retail pull has been on them thus far? I.e., is there kind of an inventory problem or not at all? And then more broadly, cash from operations, recognizing you're still trying to put pen to paper on what working capital will look like for the year. Is there any way to give us a ballpark for cash from operations? I mean, by my math, could it be $400 million to $450 million in '15? Thanks, guys and I'll turn it over.
George L. Staphos: First question of 2 is around investment. So if we look at your guidance on capital spending, what would be the factors if you could call them out, that would drive CapEx to the higher end of your range? Is it really more product and market growth-driven, or is there any swag factor that you've built in, just for FX? And then you mentioned that you're investing relative to confectionery snack and dry. And it sounded like it was to combat what is a more competitive market there. I just wanted to confirm that, and if so, hear what you're doing there, and then I had a follow-on.
