Melanie Miller: Thank you, operator. Welcome to our year end 2010 conference call. Today is February 1, 2011. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, www.bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Henry Theisen; and our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Scott Ullem. Today, Scott will begin with his comments on the financial results, followed by Henry with comments on the business. After our comments, we will answer any questions you have. However, in order to allow everyone an opportunity to participate, we ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time with a related follow-up, and then fall back into the queue for additional questions.  Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors, including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material cost and availability, industry competition, unexpected consumer buying trends or customer order patterns, our ability to pass along increased costs in our selling prices, changes in government regulatory requirements, interest rate fluctuations and regional economic conditions. A more complete list of risk factors is included in our regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009. Now I'll turn the call over to Scott Ullem.
Melanie Miller: Well, the cost that went up in early in the fourth quarter when we start to see that ramp-up, that start hitting the income statement through cost of sales in the first quarter. So that's really, you're right, with the lag, that's the pressure that we feel now in beginning the first quarter of 2011. These announced increases that you're talking about for polyethylene, and maybe Henry can get into a little bit more detail with what we're seeing there, those are the ones that will hit later on as we get to the end of the first quarter and into the fourth.
Melanie Miller: In his comments, Scott talked a little bit about the various regions of the world and what we saw, and really it's in the fourth quarter similar to the trends that we saw in the second and third quarter. We saw strong sort of broad volume improvements in North America and weakness in several categories in Europe. In Latin America, we have that inventory correction issues, so we didn't have quite the strength that we had in the second and third quarter in Latin America. But overall, volumes year-over-year were improved in 2010 over 2011. We had some good trends going through, and it was pretty broad-based. I think part of that is because 2009 was a challenging year for volume. So the year-over-year comparisons lent themselves to the positive numbers. And as we go into 2011, we have no reason to think that those trends will change. They've been pretty steady. There are no one-time home run type of items in there, and there are several areas where we're winning new business, and we expect to see volumes in particular categories continue to grow.
Melanie Miller: And if you're looking at splitting up that organic growth, it really depends upon if you're talking about fourth quarter or total year because in the fourth quarter, there wasn't a lot of volume growth because we had the difference between the volume trends in Latin America and Europe versus North America. So it was more driven by price and sales mix. But for the total year, it was probably pretty even because we had, as I said earlier, nice volume growth for the year. But there certainly was a balance with raw material increases that changed the selling prices, as well as just improved sales mix.
Melanie Miller: No. Unfortunately, you're right, it's not disclosed on the face of the income statement, but you can back into it pretty easily, I think from the numbers that are there. I think it does get disclosed in the 10-K footnotes later on at the end of this coming month in more detail, but it has not been on the face of the income statement for a little while.
Melanie Miller: Thank you very much, operator. And before we conclude the call, I just want to reassure everyone that, well, I transferred here from Minneapolis and Scott has been a long time supporter of his hometown team, the Chicago Bears. We all now leave in Neenah, which is only 30 miles south of the infamous Lambeau Fields, and we'll all be cheering for the Packers this Sunday. Have a nice day.
Scott Ullem: Well, we did plan for some of it, but not all of it. And as we integrated over 20 new production facilities, a lot of this was just preventive insurance to make sure that as customers -- that we could fill customers' orders in the timeline that they expected. We think that at this point, we do have the right mix of working capital. We are still moving some production among plants, but we feel good about having our finger on the pulse of the working capital and the inventories they're required to satisfy orders, both at the raw material and the web and the finished goods level.
Scott Ullem: Sure, well as we've said, many of these multi-year contracts are three years in duration. And so as they mature at various points during the next couple of years, we'll work on getting those escalator/de-escalator clauses more synchronized with our policy, which is shorter than what a lot of the Food Americas' contracts were. Many of our multi-year contracts even go up to five years in length. So over the next several years, we'll be making those adjustments, but it's not going to be something that you see it pop in, for example, in the next quarter or two.
Scott Ullem: Sure. Sara, as we talked about during the course of last year, we got most of the SG&A savings at the time or shortly after we closed the acquisition on March 1. What we've been focused on since then is aligning production where we want it to be across our plant network. We are partly along that path. We have more work to go, and there were two other key buckets, as you recall, from the original synergy forecast that we laid out. One was really about getting more savings out of that operations and plant optimization effort. That's still ongoing, and it's the reason why we are not going to be able to break out cost saving synergies from integration efforts versus cost savings from our ongoing normal course World Class Manufacturing initiatives. But we feel very good about the path that we're on to achieve better synergies and to really take advantage of our broader manufacturing footprint. Second, in terms of raw material purchasing opportunities, we're just at the front end of being able to negotiate, as well as possible purchasing prices for the resins and films and inks and other raw materials that we purchased as part of our business. So we think there are going to be additional cost savings that come from that. Again, because we've merged with Food Americas now, it's impossible to breakout what portion of that is result of integration, what portion of that is just running our business as efficiently and effectively as possible.
Scott Ullem: Again, there's really at this point not a way to break out cash flow from Alcan versus cash flow from Bemis. It's really a merged -- it's a merged enterprise, and so the plants are all operating in a similar fashion and there's no way to break it out.
Scott Ullem: Mark, it's a good question, and you hit the three buckets that comprised that line. There's really no way to break out and forecast for 2011 how each category is going to look. What I can tell you is that working capital is a key focus at Bemis, and we and multiple different levels of employees throughout the organization get compensated based upon cash cycle and working capital performance. And so it's something that we're really trying to screw down as we go forward in 2011.
Scott Ullem: Well, the insurance element is reducing, but there's not really any way to quantify it versus raw material costs, for example.
Scott Ullem: And one of the reasons it's linear is because our World Class Manufacturing initiatives are linear. We're just continuously improving our cost performance as we track it at every level of our production process. It's not as lumpy as it might have been during the integration period. It's just continuous improvement, continuous benefits.
Scott Ullem: We haven't forecasted what exactly the profitability is going to be from our Mexico operations. What we can tell you is we now have a very sizable operation in Mexico. Before we were subscale, we're not a leading player. Now we are in Flexible Packaging in Mexico. It's a very good region for us. We've worked hard on rationalizing our operations, both on the production side and on the customer facing side, and we're pleased to see an improvement in profitability already just nine months into the ownership of Food Americas. And so we can't give you a specific forecast of operating margins. What we can tell you is that all the trends that we've seen early on are very favorable.
Scott Ullem: Well, it may be a small source of funds, but again, a lot of this is going to depend upon where we are in the curve on raw materials. And so difficult to predict where raw materials go, and as a result, it's a little early to tell where we're going to end up with working capital for the year.
Scott Ullem: Well, just to be clear, it's very easy for us to track and we do track carefully the improvements we have in World Class Manufacturing and cost takeout initiatives, our production side and our operations side and separately to track what our purchase costs are, what our improvements are in raw materials that we purchase. So we look at that very carefully. What we cannot do is determine, okay, how much of savings in this particular class of resin was attributable to the fact that we now own Food Americas versus just growth in our underlying business. So we track it by category. We just can't break it out between Food Americas and Bemis because we're all one company.
Scott Ullem: That's exactly right. And by the way, yes, that is exactly right. In addition, the metrics that we track well below just World Class Manufacturing is a category. We have a number of different KPIs in the division level and an individual plant levels and an individual piece of equipment that we track carefully. But it all rolls up into terms of what we can track at a consolidated level and reference in aggregate Bemis plus Food Americas.
Scott Ullem: ROI is something that we're tracking very carefully. And obviously, everybody focuses on growth and EPS, but where we're spending a lot of our attention is on both margin improvement and the balance sheet. And the way we think about it is really at several different levels. We look at pre-tax return on invested capital both in a disaggregated basis and in a consolidated level. And we look at after-tax return on assets and plain old return on equity. And so we're not forecasting specific returns objectives, but I can tell you that it's a key indicator for us at the senior management team level, it's something that we are focused on growing over the next several years.
Henry Theisen: Well, there's many variables that go into our guidance and what we expect to do for an earnings standpoint in 2011. Some of the headwinds we face in raw materials are some of them. Some of the commodity prices we're seeing and how they're going to affect food industry and the pricing and the volumes along those lines, our pension costs. On the other hand, to get to the higher end, we've got a lot of good things going for us. We've talked about just some of the new products that are coming out of the stream. We've got additional new products that we've been able to develop with the combination with Alcan and Bemis people that are sitting on our customer's doorsteps and hopefully those will commercialize and be successful in 2011. We talked about our abilities when we meet with our operations people and I meet with the process engineers and our product engineers. There's a lot of good things going on there that can lead to increased productivity that can lead to lower cost raw materials going to our products. I gave you an example of the cereal liner. We have a number of those things. If that integration accelerates and increases, that can help us get to the top part. The optimization of our manufacturing footprint that Scott alluded to in his -- and also just being able to acquire the shares of Dixie Toga. So there's a lot of very positive things along our integration stream that can get us to that higher end of our guidance.
Henry Theisen: When I talked to our management team in South America and we got into November, they have talked a little bit to me about the fact that some of their customers were looking at decreasing inventories as just part of what they wanted to do now and how they wanted to end the year. We have good customers there. We have good volumes. We're running a good first quarter, and I think that was just a matter of them making adjustments to end up their fiscal year.
Henry Theisen: We're not putting really any new capital into our Pressure Sensitive business in the plan for 2011. We have, over the past couple of years, put some capital in there to take a look at growing in our technical and our graphic basis. We needed to take advantage of those investments that we made over the last couple of years.
Henry Theisen: I think that's very close to a linear ramp-up through the course of the year. We'll have a little bit of ups and downs but it's basically, linear.
Henry Theisen: We are not seeing any change being pushed from our customers along those lines. If you go back a number of years ago, we kind of went through this and we came out of it, and what they really looked for was new packaging ideas and new ways to sell their products and to add value. So hopefully, as this goes through, again, it will give us a push to drive out new products and get new things introduced into the marketplace, and that's where Bemis does its best job.
Henry Theisen: Our individual division presidents, they know the value. When raw materials go up, their bonuses and their pay is tied to that bottom line. So they know they have to pass those increases on to our non-contract customers, and they have to make sure that with our contract customers, that those increases get passed on at the time when it's allowed. So yes, we have been out and we're passing through these raw material prices.
Henry Theisen: This is Henry. Those increases that occurred in the fourth quarter have already been pass-through. The vast majority of them in our escalator/de-escalators. And what we were going to have to work hard to get through are those announcements that sit out there for the first quarter of 2011.
Henry Theisen: That's a good example, this cereal liner. When we develop a new product and I would consider this a new product, this gives us an opportunity to set the price for that new product at the time we offer it to the customer. And then of course, there'll be some negotiation like there always is on pricing and volumes and discussions, but that's an opportunity to set a new baseline price that would go into that contract. And from that point forward, it would work under an escalator/de-escalator just like all the older products. But when we develop a new product, it's a key part of being able to reprice and reset the baseline for that product line.
Henry Theisen: Well, FreshCase is an exciting new product for us, and we took a long time to get the government approval, but it is also very exciting for our customer base as they look at what it offers. We have what many customers -- FreshCase now in testing as going through and seeing how it holds up over a shelf life. They're trying different products. They're looking at it. So right now, we're in shelf life test with numerous customers who are very interested in it and the real test will be if they decide to launch some of these products for us in the second half of the year, which is what we expect to do and start to see some sales growth late in the second half of this year.
Henry Theisen: I think that it will become, I don't know about a major business unit, but it will become a major part of our overall product offerings because it's going to go into all kinds of different applications. Some are in meat, some of the sliced deli luncheon meats where we really launched this, it's going in the creamers and sauces. It's going into areas that we never even expected when we started into this program a few years ago. So it's going to be a major part of our business, but I think it's going to be part of all of our businesses.
Henry Theisen: Yes. Yes, a good example of one of the things I've pointed out through the Alcan acquisition, where Alcan really had some great lidding technologies around heat seals and lacquers, and those married up very well with our rigid cups, so we could supply both the top and the bottom and complete solutions, and that allows you to get after convenience features like easy peels. Other areas where those kinds of things really fit is when we move into the retort area and you make a rigid tray say for a rigid meal and then you have the lid stock, and it has all the technologies that allow you to go through that retort where you cook the product under pressure and temperature, and then it has to cool off and absorb all that and it still goes through. It has to have a year shelf life. And then when the customer finally puts it in their microwave, they wanted to peel it open so they can eat it very easily. So I mean those are two examples, and I think there's going to be a lot more examples as our rigid barrier business matches up with Alcan's and now our lid stock technologies.
Henry Theisen: Some of these technologies go into areas where we already are in that area, but we have new films that offer peel seal convenience features that we hope our customers will see the value of it, move more business towards us as we gain market share because we supply a peelable feature. We supply an additional barrier, which extends the shelf life for products. And then not -- don't just think of it as what goes into your refrigerator but also applications that go into more backroom services in hospitals and into restaurants and places where a lot of things are moving from bulk packaging into a flexible packaging like tomato sauces, cheese sauces, those kinds of things, and we're offering again additional barriers and extending the shelf life of a lot of those products. And so really what we're trying to get at here is getting more market share by extended shelf life and by adding convenience features.
Henry Theisen: In Europe, we saw some increase in volumes sequentially, and what's interesting is as we talk about some of the new products for the technologies that we added to Europe, things that get into PET, peelable seals and protein packaging, those areas where we've invested our money, we've seen growth. If you look overall, some of the more commoditized areas, I'll use the word, where it's just a polyethylene base, we're flat to slightly down. So we continue to see growth in those areas where we have transferred our technology. However, it is a very competitive environment, and we are not the leader in Europe.
Henry Theisen: Specialty resins had increases in the last half of 2010, and there are announced increases out there on all specialty resins for the first quarter of 2011, and they're similar in magnitude to the $0.11 per pound increases out there for polyethylene.
Henry Theisen: I think 2010 was the lowest point for our European business. I expect our European business to increase in profitability and volumes through the course of 2011. I don't think it's going to quite get back to where it was in 2009 very quickly, but 2011 will be a year of increase and I think 2012 will get us back to where we want to be.
