Bill Austen: Thanks, Mike. As you all are aware, in August, we announced plans to merge with Amcor to create the global leader in consumer packaging. We believe combining these two companies will drive significant value for shareholders, create opportunities for employees and help us better serve our customers over the long term. For shareholders, the benefits are clear: value creation from the $180 million of identified cost synergies that neither company could achieve on a stand-alone basis; additional potential revenue synergies from leveraging our respective products to each other’s networks; and for Bemis shareholders, a dividend that will nearly double in the first year post close as compared to Bemis’ historically strong dividend. Since the announcement in August, we have made progress in all work streams related to the combination. Our integration planning teams comprised of leaders from both Bemis and Amcor are well underway, developing the plans to bring together the best of both companies. The global integration planning team has made great progress in developing a playbook, which established global time lines and key integration steps to be executed post closing by the regional teams. The regional teams kicked off during December and continue to refine their execution plans. All involved are focused on ensuring that once the transaction closes, the integration is as seamless as possible and that the new company is well positioned to deliver its financial commitments. Our regulatory work stream has also made great progress, of note, with the exception of the United States, where we announced last week that the government shutdown slightly delayed our time line. All of the jurisdictions are on pace to the range of our original time line and outcome expectations. We received approvals in several regions to date, including China, and the remaining jurisdictions are progressing. As shared last week, we anticipate the transaction to close during the second quarter of 2019. Until the transaction closes, we will continue to operate as an independent company and remain focused on working safely, serving our customers and delivering our operating plans. We remain excited for the next chapter in our evolution. Turning to the outlook related to the core business. While we are not giving explicit guidance for 2019, there are several areas where we can reaffirm our views for the future. Agility remains a key driver. From a fix perspective, our teams remain committed to delivering the remaining $26 million of cost savings as part of our original $65 million plan. It is important to remember that $180 million of synergy related to the merger with Amcor is above and beyond the programs that either company previously had underway. From an Agility strengthen and grow perspective, we continue to expect long-term benefit from our work toward penetrating short-run business in the U.S. Taking a look around the globe. In our U.S. business, we anticipate modest top line growth and bottom line growth in 2019 as the benefits of Agility continue to flow. In our Latin America business, we anticipate 2019 organic revenue and profit to be roughly in line with 2018. We will hold the gains we made from the myriad of cost-outs in 2018, and we have assumed an economic environment that does not meaningfully change in the coming year. In the Rest of World business, we anticipate top line and bottom line growth to continue, driven primarily by our global health care packaging business. Although keep in mind that we will begin – we will be up against some tough comps given that 2018 was so strong. In closing, I’m proud of our people that have performed and positioned the business for continued success. Through Agility and the hard work of our teams across the globe, we are well positioned for the future. We will continue to build on our strong foundation of an outstanding customer base, a committed and talented workforce, a comprehensive and innovative product portfolio, a strong asset base and good positions in the markets we serve. With that, I’ll turn the call over to questions. Please respect that we intend to answer questions on our base business, not those related to the pending merger with Amcor or our specific 2019 financial plans.
Bill Austen: Yes, sure. Yes, we would expect modest top line volume as well – from the top line growth that corresponds to volume as well. And if you look at where we finished up on trends in 2018, we had – we continue to see high single-digit growth rates in liquid in 2018. Now that may not continue at high single-digit growth rates into 2019. That might be a bit more modest. But we had low single-digit growth in protein. We’ll continue to see that with some of the new product launches that we’ve had. And we’ve had the same low single-digit growth rates in the center-of-the-store categories, as you described them, and we’ll continue to see that as we go forward. A lot of this is being driven from sustainability and new packaging formats that our R&D teams continue to launch and trial with customers from a recyclability and a sustainability perspective. So there’s a lot in the queue in those areas, and that will drive those modest low-single to mid-single-digit growth rates in 2019.
Bill Austen: Yes. What we’re seeing is that the number of CPGs that are now trialing that material has increased significantly, and Gen 2 is not that far away. There’s some in trial here at the Innovation Center that we’re working through. But it’s been well received. And I can’t answer the question relative to consumers. I haven’t had any direct consumer contacts to get their feedback on the How2Recycle label.
Bill Austen: Yes. When we look at our global health care business, it had an extremely strong 2018. If you recall several years back, we made a large investment in that business to double the size of a plant here in North America and put in the largest converting clean room for medical device packaging in the U.S. That facility has come onstream extremely well. The team there has executed at that facility extremely well. Our business in Europe has done quite well this past year with some modifications that we’ve made to equipment in one of our coating facilities there. We are growing that business in excess of industry growth rate, which is mid-single digits. So we’re growing ahead of that. And through Agility, we’ve created a good level of leverage in the P&L. So as new business comes in, we get a little bit of an extra bump because of the leverage that we’ve created in the P&L. And I will also say that the team in health care has created a very strong pipeline of new projects and new products that – it’s a very – it’s a robust pipeline, but it’s also a very well thought-out pipeline. So they’re doing a good job there, and we’re very excited about what that team has done.
Bill Austen: Yes. We put a target of short-run business at $25 million in 2018, and we have exited the year in excess of that $25 million rate. So the team in North America has done a great job there. They’ve hired – they’ve onboarded a bunch of new salespeople, roughly a little bit over a dozen new sales and commercial people to go attack that short-run small to midsize customer base. We’ve gotten good traction on it. The asset base will continue to be refined as the company goes forward with the recapitalization program. But it has been successful, and it will continue to be successful because it’s in a new business.
Bill Austen: Yes, Salvator, we were right on target with where we expected to be with our CapEx plans in 2018. We didn’t delay any major projects. If you go back 2015, 2016, 2017, we brought in a lot of new capital, so 2018, we slowed a little bit because we wanted to absorb that capital that we had put in. And as we go forward, you should continue to think about the capital plans here as – at D&A, one time D&A. So we’re talking somewhere between the $150 million to $180 million level of CapEx as you go forward.
Bill Austen: Yes. Where inventory levels are where they should be for this time of year and how our business ramps up through Q1, Q2. And we haven’t seen what you’re describing there, slowdown from customers’ take, because of where oil is at or anything to that nature. We haven’t seen that.
Bill Austen: Yes, sure. Yes, I’ll walk you through the geographies. If you look to Bemis Asia Pacific, they had a very – they had a good year, driven through Agility, cost-outs in both the variable and the fixed side, created leverage in the P&L. They had much better mix in 2018 than 2017. They’re very deliberate about creating that better mix. And as we got through the year and headed into 2019, we have a good, strong pipeline of innovation and new projects that are going to be coming forward. I think the question is more focused around China and has there been a slowdown in China. And yes, there absolutely has been a slowdown in the general packaging sector within China. We are focused on the high barrier types of materials, retort packaging types of materials. And we’ve been introducing new specifications there that are helping us in that market segment. In Latin America, it’s similar story. Agility, we created a good portion of leverage in the P&L, both on the SG&A side and the variable side. The real drive in Latin America for us in 2018, and it has been for a very long time, is to stay ahead of inflation. And as inflation continued to ramp up, we were ahead of inflation. We created positive mix in that geography via new segments that we launched projects into in back half of 2017 and 2018, and that has created a really nice business in Latin America. If you look at our profits in local currencies, all in the double-digit growth category, if you will, in 2018 because we’re staying ahead of inflation. In Europe, we had low single-digit growth in Europe in 2018. And we, again, it’s the same story, created leverage in the P&L via Agility, primarily on the SG&A side. We have had some variable cost reductions as well, and we had a nice 30-plus percent profit improvement in Europe in 2018 versus 2017. U.S. Packaging, Agility, same story, lowering our fixed and variable costs, creating leverage in the P&L, lowering our conversion costs versus on a year-over-year basis. Revenue was ahead of expectation in several market segments like liquid, protein, center of the store, GCI, as we call it. And our small to midsize customers short-run type of business exceeded our expectations, and we’re going to see that continue to flow forward into 2019. And, yes, I’ve already talked about the health care business, a strong year for our global health care business. I can’t say enough about what that team has done. And the results were driven by that strong new product pipeline and leverage that they had created in the P&L, so we get great bottom line improvement in that business. And we’ll continue – that team will continue to do that in 2019.
Bill Austen: We have long-term contracts with our customers. You’ve got to separate the two, all right, separate the presidential election from where they are in the year, okay? They’re going into their summer. So the normal uptake in volume always comes seasonally as you get into the summer months. So I’m going to separate those two and say our volumes typically go up this time of year anyway, and I’m not going to associate that with the presidential election.
Bill Austen: We don’t see that, Daniel. We’re pretty much on our expectations of where we should be at this time of year. We – as I’ve mentioned already, China is probably a little bit slower in the general economy, so to speak, but we’re targeting certain end market segments there where we can introduce new products.
Bill Austen: I think that growth would be linear. I don’t think it’s going to be a sawtooth if that’s what you mean by fits and starts. We have a deliberate approach to how we go after that with what we call the agile lane process, where we use a set of core specifications of good, better, best in specs that we have on shelf. The sales team that we brought in, the commercial organization that’s focused on that, has got a playbook that they run on how to sell those core specifications and to what kind of customer are they targeting. So I think that as we continue to gain more and more traction and experience in that arena, it will be a linear approach to how those sales come in.
Bill Austen: Yes, we see freight costs continue to rise. As we talked about in our third quarter call, we have targeted programs, working with customers to try to be much more collaborative as to how we can mitigate their freight costs, our freight costs and just work together to figure out how do we bring it down. But freight costs will continue to rise in 2019. That’s our – how we see it.
