Michael John Casamento: Yeah. So I'll take the question on the guidance. So look the increase in the guidance really just reflects the increase in the performance in the first quarter which was ahead of our expectations. So we had – we were pleased with the performance on that front. In terms of the balance of the year, there's no real change in the range of outcomes that we anticipated back in August to what we see today. And so really the key driver was the Q1 performance, clearly we've got good momentum in the business and we're comfortable with where it's heading. So that gave us some confidence to raise the guidance.
Michael John Casamento: Yeah. Hi, Brook. It's Michael here. Look, we're not giving any specific guidance on those items, we gave – they're kind of all covered in the EPS range, so we put out there. I guess what I can tell you is if there was something materially different, we'd let you know, but I think so corporate expenses, we're on track and will be similar to prior year, perhaps a little higher. Interest, I think you've got to look at interest and tax on a combined basis. You saw in the quarter, we had some interest benefit there year-on-year with an offsetting tax. And that's going to be similar as we head our way through the year. So you'd expect that on an absolute basis, the spend in interest in taxes is going to be similar perhaps slightly higher than prior year. But I guess overall, that's all factored into our EPS guidance range.
Michael John Casamento: Yeah, so I can take that one, Richard. So under flexibles, yes, that's all Bemis related. Under rigid packaging, yeah, I mean it's just a timing point around some of the actions we've taken relating to some of the G&A and the plant work that we've been doing. So we'll finish that program this year. We've only got really one site left to close on that front. So that'll be finished this year with full run rate by the end of the year as we exit the year, so that's covered off. And then, the...
Michael John Casamento: ...yeah, we just had one – we had one plant closure during the period which we took in the EBIT line, it was about $9 million of cost which is in the result.
Michael John Casamento: Look, it's Michael here. Look, the free cash flow number has a reasonable range in it. So it's $1 billion to $1.1 billion. The guidance increase really fits within that range. So we've kind of left it for there for the moment if we think that that's going to change over the year, we'll update you as we progress through.
Michael John Casamento: That's exactly right, Larry. So we had $3 million for the first quarter and then from now on, it will be zero versus the prior year where we had $11 million for the full year.
Michael John Casamento: So the underlying which (48:48) out if you look at the table with the adjustments that gain on sale was taken out of the result. So was just the base $3 million that was in the base result.
Michael John Casamento: Yeah. As I said, I mean, we're not going to call out numbers specifically. Clearly in interest, we've had some benefit during the period continued low interest rates, so this quarter versus this time last year, I mean it's a 200 basis point reduction in LIBOR and we're still getting really good access to commercial paper both in the US and Europe. So we've had quite a strong benefit there in the period, more pronounced than it will be for the rest of the year because interest rates started to come down this time last year and progressed through the year. That said, look, we will have a lower interest number, but you've got to look at that interest number in line with tax as well. And they offset clearly we saw an offset and we've seen increased tax in absolute terms and the ATR. So as I said earlier, we will see some lower interest now at the full year, but the offset will be tax. So we're going to have a higher tax bill just based on higher earnings and perhaps a slightly higher ATR as well. So when you put all that together, net-net you add those two together in absolute terms, they're going to be pretty similar to the number last year.
Michael John Casamento: There was some additional costs we had just on some of the bonds and the like in that period. So – but I think overall, the interest bill will converge as we head through the year.
Ronald Stephen Delia: Yeah. I'll take that one, Anthony. Look first of all where was the strength in North America in flexibles, it was in some of the real important segments for us going forward; so meat, cheese, pet food, these are all high value added segments. Back to your question on mix, we also had growth in home and personal care which is important as well. I would say that our growth generally speaking is relatively consistent with some of the peers and customers that we track. But I do think that we're performing very well and not missing any opportunities to pick up business along the way. So look, we would expect the business over time to grow roughly with the market as we try to manage mix and optimize mix over time. And that's low-single-digit growth. That's what the expectation would be.
Ronald Stephen Delia: Yeah. Look, I think generally speaking month-to-month, week-to-week volatility is still pretty high relative to historical patterns. I mean if I look at generally across Amcor and this would apply to North America too, we had a stronger July, a weaker August, probably a stronger September. It's a little early to talk about the second quarter, but things haven't really changed dramatically. So I'd say where we ended – mid-single-digits is pretty indicative of the exit run rate if you will. And then on the unfavorable mix comment, yeah, you picked up on the comment on healthcare. Healthcare volumes in North America are more weighted towards medical than pharmaceutical and medical sales have been slow and a lot of that material goes into the operating theater for elective procedures or just general healthcare consumption that sometimes a bit more discretionary. So you're not really surprised to see that but that's a negative mix impact for us.
Ronald Stephen Delia: Yeah. Look I mean, maybe I'll just take the freight part, that's the easier one. Freight – most freight is passed through to the customer in this business. And so that's really a pretty benign input cost for us. So I wouldn't expect much material impact on freight in any parts of our business. Raw materials is obviously a big part of the cost of sales. It's 50% to 60% depending on the business of the sales line. And no question, we've seen relatively strong increases in several categories particularly in North America. The outlook is for moderation of those increases and more stability going forward. So we could have a little bit of a lag impact in the quarter coming second quarter but nothing that we would project to be material for the full year. And we factored in our outlook on raws around the world into the upgraded guidance today.
Ronald Stephen Delia: Yeah, look it's a good pickup. We're pretty excited about the growth particularly in Asia. China, it seems to be tracking along at kind of mid-single-digits and India, which is a smaller base, up in the double digits. I think we're performing well in the market. I certainly don't think we're getting any help from the market. Those businesses especially India still – those economies are still somewhat constrained a bit by COVID and in Southeast Asia, in particular, some of the smaller businesses for us are continue to be constrained from COVID impacts. But generally speaking, I think we're executing well. I think the value proposition in those markets for Amcor as a blue chip global supplier with good technology, good business practices, product safety and all the things that have helped us grow over the last several decades, I think are true as much today as ever. And I think we're executing well.
Ronald Stephen Delia: Yeah. Look again pretty consistent with the peers and the customers that we track in that part of the world. Healthcare, a bit soft for the reasons that I referred to in North America, same applies in Europe. Closure businesses or the capsules business there is really levered to the champagne and spirits and wine segments which have been a bit soft. Nothing particularly out of the ordinary, but just for the 90-day period softer volumes in some of those segments.
Ronald Stephen Delia: Look, I think it's a short period of time. And part of it is the summer months which are hard to read. What's very encouraging about our European business is the offset of mix because of the growth in the higher margin segments. So we had really strong growth in cheese, snacks, pet food, ready meals. And so, those segments creative mixed benefits to us. And we did a positive mix in Europe benefiting the bottom line in the quarter.
Ronald Stephen Delia: No, definitely not. I mean multiples are certainly full. That's a separate topic. We'd expect us to be acquisitive. But we monetize investment we had and realized some proceeds and we've simply redeployed those proceeds or simply announced an intention to redeploy those proceeds into share repurchases.
Ronald Stephen Delia: Yeah. Look, the business did have a good quarter. It's had volume growth like that before. So it's not unprecedented, but it certainly was strong. I mean, I think longer term, we would expect low-single-digit growth across that beverage space. That's what we've been seeing for a number of years and that's what we're expecting to continue. I would say we've benefited from good customer mix, some of our hot fill business in particular, grew quite well in the back of some strength from particular customers. And has there been any inventory restocking? It's possible. I don't know that that would be a material driver. When we look at retail sales in the period against our sales by segment, we see pretty close to match, it is possible there's a bit of inventory in there though because that number in hot fill of 12% is not what we would typically expect although not unprecedented.
Ronald Stephen Delia: First of all, yes, we are on the lookout for acquisitions and we have been acquisitive over the journey. I think we've done 25 or 30 deals in the last 10 years. The first priority just to be crystal clear is to complete the integration of Bemis in the in the flexibles businesses, which is a substantial part of Amcor. We're about 16, 17 months into that and we're not declaring victory yet, so that's the first priority. But we will keep our eyes out for deals. I wouldn't expect us to go outside of our current segment participation, our segment mix to the extent that we can build out the flexibles portfolio in Asia and bolt-on in some of the bigger markets. The rigid business in North America outside of beverage is a place that we find pretty attractive and we've been on the diversification path of our rigid business for the last five, seven years. So I'd like to be more active there. But I think the big constraint is likely to be valuations. Valuations are quite high and that doesn't seem to be abating. So we'll continue to be on the lookout. We'll be active, we have the balance sheet as you suggested. We'll have that management bandwidth in flexibles, I would say we have it already in rigids and we hope to be active.
Ronald Stephen Delia: Yeah, Brook, it's Ron. Let me try and I think I'm not sure I heard the question completely, but let me see if I've gotten it. So, question was about synergies this year, the composition of the synergy benefits and what would it take to get to the upper end of the range I think...
Ronald Stephen Delia: ...yep. Okay. Good. So, the range for the year is $50 million to $70 million of the EBIT benefit. We've hit $20 million in the first quarter, so a little bit ahead I guess sort of pace. The composition through the quarter is a bit balanced between continued G&A reductions and procurement and a little bit of footprint. If we look out over the remainder of the financial year, we would expect – we went into the year expecting footprint to be a bigger component of that $50 million to $70 million. And so that often is the footprint initiatives often be dependent on our ability to execute and get to the sites that need to be rationalized, get OEMs and contractors and technicians out to those sites. And some of those things can be impeded with mobility restrictions and other implications of COVID. So, we've been a bit cautious with regard to that source of synergies and for us to get to the top end of that range, will require us to be able to execute unimpeded some of the footprint initiatives.
Ronald Stephen Delia: Yeah. Look, first of all the EBIT growth as we would look at it was 7% of the 4% volume and I mean really simply...
Ronald Stephen Delia: ...really simply stated – I mean you pretty much called out the drivers. We had good mix in North America and good volume growth although the profit impact of that was tampered a bit by drawing out of inventories given the strength of those volumes. So you know that when you pull out of inventory you've got a bit of a negative impact there. So I would say that that normalizes over time (35:24)
Ronald Stephen Delia: George, I mean in the grand scheme of the whole financial year, not material. It's just – it would have held back the growth of a couple of percentage points potentially. And then you have to remember we also had negative volume growth in Latin America. We were down 3%. So those are the building blocks. The headline here though is this is a – this business is performing really well. It's very healthy and it's growing in the right segments.
Ronald Stephen Delia: Yeah. Thanks, George. Two really good questions. The first one is an excellent question because I think we've got to remember that the consumer ultimately has a massive role to play in this. They've got to participate at the end whether it's reusing something or composting it or recycling it. And there's a lot of – there's an expansive narrative in the space that covers a lot of different things. What seems pretty clear to us and to our customers and we have good insights here through a number of the organizations and associations that we sit side by side with the big brand owners on, that the consumer gravitates more towards recycling. And I think it's because it's the easiest thing for the consumer to get their head around. The idea to recycle something if the infrastructure exists is the easiest thing for the consumer to embrace. Composting can have a place, but that also requires infrastructure which is just less ubiquitous around the world and is a little complicated, if you think about the science of it. And the reuse systems while they have a place and they'll have a role and there's a lot of buzz about some of those reusable systems. We've not seen and we've done a bit of research – primary research on this ourselves. We've not seen lots of consumer take-up at scale on reusable systems. And I know that's not – doesn't make us popular necessarily with some of the rhetoric from the NGOs. But I think it's the reality. And if we want a better outcome here, we need to embrace what the consumer is interested in adopting. So that that would be the long answer to a short question. We would say it's recyclability, is the outcome that resonates most with the consumer. On AmLite HeatFlex really quickly, that's a multilayered structure which is constructed with basically the same base polymers which are consistent and allow it to be compatible with the polyethylene recycling stream that exists in places in Europe where that pouches is hit the market. So hopefully that answers the question on AmLite.
Ronald Stephen Delia: Yeah. The business in – the specialty cartons business had a really good first quarter. Volumes essentially flat, we had some strength in the Americas, as we highlighted, some softness in Asia, Southeast Asia, in particular, pretty flat in Europe. So all up, we had a pretty good top line and the business is executed really, really well. It continues to drive cost out and optimize its operations. So we're pleased with that business. It's a good margin business, big cash generator and it's got a leadership position in each of the markets around the world. The second part of the question, the short answer is no. I think investors realize we're not actually in that end market. We're printing a cartoon board and shaping it and then it gets filled with a product that sometimes creates issues from an ESG perspective, but we're not an active participant in that end market any more than the bank who finances those companies and those customers is an active participant. So short answer on the ESG related point is no, no issue.
Ronald Stephen Delia: Yeah. Look, we actually had a good quarter in Brazil. We had higher volumes in rigid packaging in Brazil and our flexible business, our core flexible business in Brazil and flexibles grew as well. Now, the offset somewhat was we have a disposable business there which is one of the old Dixie Toga businesses. And that's really impaired because there's no food service and there's not much action happening from the disposables perspective. These are paper plates – paper, poly plates and cups and things. So there was some softness – there is softness continuing in that segment in Brazil, but the core of what we're going to do their long-term rigid packaging and flexibles and thermo forming has grown and did grow in the quarter.
Ronald Stephen Delia: Yeah, no, that's all right. Yeah. Look I don't know that we're seeing material impact on our top-line yet from those discussions, but there is no question that there is good things happening from a commercial perspective that are coming from this acquisition. The most obvious is the ability to engage with some of these big brand owners to help satisfy their needs around the world not just from a supply perspective but back to the sustainability agenda, the joint development programs we have on R&D and product development. So that's started really from the beginning. There is other examples where we've been able to secure a business in certain parts of the world because of strength and our value proposition in other parts of the world. So I think that will continue and the benefits will accrue over time. The other part of the commercial story for us is just leveraging the commercial capabilities that Amcor's refined over the years around margin management and mix management and layering those on to the legacy Bemis portfolio. And then taking some of the segments that we've acquired here particularly around meat and cheese and protein packaging, it's film based and levering that across our structure around the world, we're getting more active in that regard. But that will take some time to see real top line benefit. So I'm not sure you're seeing it in this result. And I'm not sure you'll see it this financial year. But I think over time, we expect to have commercial benefits.
Ronald Stephen Delia: Look I think in that segment, you're right there is some disruption in the supply chain there and some of the meat packing plants have been constrained a little bit. But despite that, I think we're performing pretty well, we'll probably be taking some share...
Ronald Stephen Delia: ...and probably outgrowing the market in that space as we believe we should do and we've got great products.
Ronald Stephen Delia: All of our conversations are constructive. But just on the back of the value proposition, that starts with the product.
Ronald Stephen Delia: Keith, it's Ron. It's unlikely. Most of the synergies in corporate were executed very, very early on post close. And so we were – for all intents and purposes, all the synergies this year will be in the flexibles segment.
Ronald Stephen Delia: Okay. Thanks, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining the call. And I think we'll close it there. Thank you.
John Purtell - Macquarie Group: I just had a couple of questions, thank you. Look, just in terms of emerging markets, it looks like sort of things are starting to – particularly in Asia starting to get back to traditional growth right there after some challenges. Obviously you sort of saw some decent growth in Asia and also in LatAm, just in terms of the drivers of that, Ron.
John Purtell - Macquarie Group: Thank you. And just in Europe, obviously so marginally lower volumes there, just to sort of understand the drivers of that, was healthcare also affected there, you also talked to lower closure volumes.
John Purtell - Macquarie Group: Got it. Just last one if I can, in terms of the buyback, I mean is there anything to read into that as far as list M&A opportunities in the near-term (26:55) still pretty full.
Larry Gandler: So you would come to your largest customers in North America and say look, we have some gross synergy that will develop out of the merger. Can we work an arrangement where we share some this synergy, but it's a win-win we get a larger part of your business? And if those sort of conversations happen with your larger customers very persistent. Can you kind of maybe describe some of that and how that's influencing these more recent results? I'm going to throw my phone out the window in a second.
Larry Gandler: Yeah, it was meet that particularly picked my curiosity because you do seem to be bucking the performance of many companies participating in that space even Kraftime (47:17) your largest customer in the first quarter called out, I think weaker meat volumes.
Larry Gandler: And you had COVID impacting that sector with difficulty to get people to abattoirs – labor to abattoirs.
Larry Gandler: And that's not related to sort of constructive conversations with customers around sharing synergy here.
