Ron Delia: Yes. Sure. Thanks for the questions, Anthony. Look, maybe I'll just back up a step and talk about the chronology of volumes that we saw through the second quarter. Very much a mixed picture in October and November, depending on the business and the geography, the story was relatively mixed. But across the business, our volumes were relatively flat in those two months. December, we definitely saw things softened. We had volumes across the group down mid-single digits. I think that's a function of softening demand but also destocking in a number of segments. We know that because customers took more shutdowns than normal and longer shutdowns than normal. As we worked our way into January, we did see some improvement. I'm not sure that we would call it a trend, but we definitely saw some improvement in January, albeit mixed. And so, the word I would use with regard to our outlook is cautious and it's caution around this demand outlook from here given the volatility, which really had swung quite considerably from month to month and almost week to week. I'd say that despite the improvements in January, we just remain cautious on the demand side of the equation. As it relates specifically to Rigids and destocking, I think it's clear there has been some destocking in that -- in the beverage segment in North America and also Latin America to a certain extent. We have also seen demand soft generally. If you look at the scanner data for the quarter, the market generally in North America for beverages was down mid-single digits. We also know that our mix is more exposed to the convenience channel. Convenience store sales were down even further than the broader market. So I think that our volume performance in Rigids through the quarter is a function of a softer market, probably some destocking and then offset by some business wins that we picked up, particularly in the hot fill side. So, that's the way we see it as it relates to volume.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, I think the primary reason for not changing the guidance is we have half year lap. We've got two quarters. We've got a relatively wide range when you consider that we've got two quarters left, and we've maintained the full width of the range. The swing factor really will be volumes. It really will come down to volume -- the volume outlook for the second half. I think we also feel pretty good about the execution capabilities of the business and the ability to continue to take cost out, which was a real highlight for us in the first half. We believe we'll continue to do that in the second half. But the swing factor will be volumes. And what could lead us to the high end of the range? We could have low single-digit volume growth. We could get out front of raw materials as they come off at a faster pace than we're assuming, and a weaker U.S. dollar would help as well. And the inverse would be true for the lower end of the range. I think it's also fair to say that at this point in the year. We have a wider range of demand outlook than we normally would or a wider range of possible scenarios for volume than we ordinarily would. Our view would be volumes could be anywhere from up a couple of points to down low single digits, and it's unusual for us to have a forecast that could include a decline in volumes. So for all those reasons, we've decided to express some caution here. But what we think with two quarters left and with some strong cost performance that will continue into the second half, we thought it was prudent to maintain the range at this stage.
Ron Delia: Okay. Thanks, George. Look, let me respond to the question and Michael will respond to the question in two parts. I think the cost savings activities that we've been undertaking through the first half in the face of softer volumes and then there's, the offsets to the Russian, the divestment of the Russian earnings. So look, we got out front, I think, very proactively and fairly aggressively on cost in the first half. I mean, I think the way to think about it is we had really strong operating leverage with 2% organic sales growth, really flat to minus 1% on the volume line, and we had 8% EBIT growth. And if you think about the drivers of that EBIT growth, price and mix sort of offset and we recovered inflation. So -- and really, the profit growth was driven by cost-outs. And so where did the cost-outs come from? We did a really good job of flexing labor. We cut shifts. We reduced over time. Several hundred people are out of the business. There's a reasonably meaningful headcount reduction across the business. We've also pulled the procurement lever pretty hard and cut back on discretionary spending. And we got out front early on those actions given the volatility that we saw and just reading the tea leaves from discussions with customers on the demand environment. Those initiatives, those actions will continue into the second half, and they underpin the outlook that we've reaffirmed today. I think Russia is almost a separate topic, if you will. And just to level set, Michael can talk about some of the specifics. But we had a business in Russia with three plants that represented about 2% to 3% of our sales and roughly 4% to 5% of our EBIT in any given year. So essentially $80 million to $90 million of EBIT, which we've now divested, and we are resolute in trying to replace that EBIT as fast as we possibly can, and so with the proceeds exceeding our expectations, we generated a pretty healthy profit on the sale of the business as well. And then the proceeds of over $400 million, $430 million, as Michael alluded to, a bit ahead of our expectations, we think it's a good use of cash to reinvest in the business and take cost out, structural cost-out, to help offset the $80 million to $90 million of EBIT that we've divested. And Michael, maybe you can talk a bit more about the financial profile of what we're planning to do.
Ron Delia: Yes. As Michael alluded to, Larry, we're going to close some plants. And as we think about it and take some overheads out, if we think about this environment that we're in with the demand backdrop being as uncertain as it is and the fact that we're also already increasing our CapEx to pursue growth, particularly in our priority segments, we feel like that's pretty well in trained. So then the next -- the fastest way to generate earnings to offset the divested earnings is through cost reduction, and cost reduction in a structural sense, which means optimizing the footprint. And it's a business that -- we've got 220 plants around the world. There are always opportunities to optimize further, and so that's largely what we'll do. And we will -- as I said, we also will reduce overheads in parts of the business as well to rightsize the cost structure.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, I don't think we know the answer to that is a short response to your question. The caution is based on the volatility that we've seen in demand patterns globally. Now if we look specifically in the second quarter, it's more segment-specific in North America and Europe. And then we had some geographies where things got even more volatile as we went through the quarter, in particular, Latin America, where we saw some destocking but also just, we think, some softer demand in light of the deteriorating macroeconomic environment in several countries down there. China would be another one where we saw demand soften considerably in the second quarter, really concurrent with COVID lockdowns. Now obviously, those are behind us, we'd expect the business to bounce back. But how strongly it bounces back is an open question. And look, as far as the drivers of volume in the quarter and even into January, how much is related to the consumer pushing back on prices that have been put through versus how much is destocking, it's just -- it's difficult to read. So generally speaking, there's been volatility across the business, and that adds up to a degree of caution on our part.
Ron Delia: Look, Daniel, it's a difficult one to estimate. I mean I think you'd have to triangulate a few different data points. If you look at the scanner data and look at the results of other public companies that have reported, volumes were down considerably. And in light of those comparisons, our volume performance was actually good. But when we know anecdotally in certain segments, particularly in coffee, single-serve coffee in Europe, some of the dairy segments in the U.S. meat in Europe, we know in some of those places, including Beverage and the Rigid Packaging segment, that there was excess inventory in the system. And we know that because customers took shutdowns in a way that they haven't in the past, meaning longer shutdowns. So, it would be very hard to parse out the volume performance of the half. The volumes were down 1%. I think that probably compares favorably to the other external markers out there, but it would be really hard to parse that 1% in terms of what was destocking versus what is just a softening consumer environment given the price increases that have been put through in pretty much all segments and all regions.
Ron Delia: Well, health care has been a good grower for us over many, many years. And it's grown -- both the medical packaging side and the pharmaceutical packaging side have grown kind of mid-single digits globally, obviously a bit higher in the emerging markets, and that's been consistent over a long period of time. I think we saw extraordinary growth in the first half coming off of actually quite a strong fiscal '22 as well. A few drivers there that we think have been fueling that growth. Obviously, our market position is quite strong, and the innovation that we've been bringing to the market is quite strong, and we're investing behind that as we've highlighted today. I think there's -- to be clear, there's been some pent-up demand because some of the supply chain constraints that we've talked about and others have talked about really hit the health care segments for us in a pretty acute way. Those are unwinding, and some of that pent-up demand is being satisfied. And I think it's also not a secret that on the pharmaceutical side, there's been a relatively big cold and flu season. So those are some of the things that really fuel double-digit growth globally across both the medical device and pharmaceutical segments for us in the first half, and we believe that the business will continue to grow at healthy rates but will revert more towards long-term trends that we've seen over a long period of time in the kind of mid-single-digit range, and that would apply going into FY '24 as well.
Ron Delia: No. If anything, it's accelerating, particularly around the sustainability side, where many of the brand owners that we work closely with have the same commitments that we have and have made similar pledges around recyclability or recycled content. Those commitments are fast approaching and the dates are fast approaching. And if anything, we're seeing an acceleration in that dialogue, and we're seeing good take up. Some of the examples we cited today with our AmFiber performance paper platform, which is getting good take-up in the marketplace. We're seeing good early take-up of advanced recycled material and products that contained that off-take. And so look, I think at the moment, it's not slowed down at all. I think also brand owners are looking for ways to differentiate as they try to scratch out whatever growth they can.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, I mean we've been at it now for a while. We put about $670-odd million of price into the market in the quarter just to recover higher raw material costs, another $160 million or so to recover general inflation. It's certainly not getting easier, but we are passing it through, and we're recovering, and I think you can see that in the margins. The margins have expanded -- excluding the dilution effect of the raw material prices going through the top line, the margins have continued to expand and not shrink. And I think that's -- it should give some confidence that we are out there recovering. It doesn't mean that the conversations are getting easier. I think the consumers are probably starting to get a bit tired. Elasticities, if they haven't already are likely to increase. I think that's what we're hearing from most of our brand owners -- brand owner customers. But at this stage, we're still recovering, and we expect to continue to fully recover our inflationary costs in the second half.
Ron Delia: Yes, it's a good question. We have seen some shifts in the consumer and some of that driven by actions that the brand owners have taken. In the beverage space, and if we just focus on North America, some of these points would hold in Latin America as well, but in the beverage space in North America, when the consumer is under pressure, they tend to revert to multipacks and smaller unit sizes, right? And so if they're going to buy a soft drink, they're likely to buy it in a pack of 12, where the unit price is lower than buying it through the convenience store in the cold chain. So we have seen some of that. That's probably contributed to the softness, particularly on the cold fill side. I think we've seen some other examples in other segments in Europe in the coffee segment. We've definitely seen soft volumes in the more premium end than the single-serve system sales, and we've seen higher sales in the segments that are multi-serve. So think about capsules in a system versus ground coffee or instant coffee. The instant coffee is what's being pushed at the moment. So we are seeing a little bit of that sort of behavior. It's maybe just a different degree of emphasis across their product mix as they help the consumer through a high inflationary environment.
Ron Delia: The business is exposed really to consumer staples and fast-moving consumer goods and health care. And typically, we'll have visibility a few months out. Obviously, we have a long -- we have planning discussions with our customers over a longer period of time. But as you get near and near those discussions get more and more granular and you get more -- a greater degree of accuracy as you get closer, so I would say our degree of forecast visibility extends a few months. And that's about the extent of it. And right now, those forecasts are moving around quite a bit and have been now for the last few months. The volatility has increased and the variability in forecast has increased. I think on the positive side, to the extent that there is any destocking that's gone on in our value chains, we would expect that to work itself through reasonably quickly. And in a matter of a quarter or two, we should be through whatever destocking needs to occur.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, it's a good question, Richard. We certainly believe the model is still appropriate. If you go back and look over a 10-year period post the Alcan acquisition, which is about 13 years ago now. The last 10 years, we've been well above from an intrinsic perspective, well above the 5% to the 10% to 15% sort of shareholder value creation model that we talk about. We still believe the business will generate low single-digit top line growth. It will convert that with operating leverage like we've seen in the first half. And then with the excess cash flows of the business, we're going to continue to acquire or buy back shares and continue to grow our dividends. So all up, we think the model still makes sense. It's held us in good stead, and we'll continue to do so going forward.
Ron Delia: Yes. Well, look, I mean we are substrate agnostic. That's been true of the Company throughout its history. And in fact, about 25% of what we do is either fiber or aluminum. But as far as M&A goes, no change, I mean we think there's going to be good bolt-on opportunities across the portfolio. I think you see some examples this year with this health care acquisition in China MDK. Michael referred earlier to a plant we bought in the Czech Republic earlier in the year to bolster our Eastern European footprint. So we think there'll be deals like that. I mean those are the deals that are out there because many of the companies in our space are small, and so we've got to be comfortable bolting on small businesses to our footprint. That will be part of the mix. And then where we can supplement the portfolio, we would like to do that, too. I mean, certainly, in the priority segments that we've nominated, we'd like to continue to grow, health care being the one we've talked more about today. In Rigids, obviously, the hot fill space is one that we have a strong position in. But outside of beverage, there are opportunities for us to continue to grow as well. So, there's a number of areas where we think the portfolio could be bolstered, but they'll be bolt-on opportunities across the Flexibles and Rigids segment. So, no change to note.
Ron Delia: Okay. Look, we would just like to thank everybody for their interest in Amcor, operator. We feel like we've had a very strong first half and we're looking forward to closing off another strong year for the Company for fiscal '23. So, we'll close the call there. Thanks very much.
Michael Casamento: Yes, John, I can help you with that one. So you're right. We -- the teams have done a good job on price and getting out there ahead of inflation and recovering that. And you saw in the -- we commented in the half, we've recovered about $160 million in cost inflation during the period. But we also had really good mix benefits, particularly from the strong health care performance, particularly in the half where we saw a double-digit growth, which is above average growth for that part of the business and a bit of rebound versus the prior year. So as we look forward into the second half, there will still be the price/mix benefit there. But inflation is still there. We've got to recover that. And on the health care side, you -- comparatively, you're not going to see the same level of growth and, therefore, the mix benefit. So although we're still expecting that, we would say that it will be lower than what we saw in the first half.
Michael Casamento: Sure. Thanks, Ryan. Yes, I mean just following on from that, so we announced today we're going to use part of the proceeds to help divest -- to help offset the divested earnings, and we announced today around $120 million of cash will be put to work in cost-saving initiatives, things like footprint and SG&A and the like, and that's in addition to $50 million cash that we allocated back in August as well. So in total, about $170 million of cash is going to be invested in cost-out initiatives over the next kind of 12 to 18 months. And we'd expect to get kind of a 30% return on that at full run rate. But if you think about the timing of that, those initiatives are only starting. We'll start to work on those this financial year. So, there is no impact factored into -- no upside factored into the guidance range in FY '23. But certainly, we're expecting benefits from this program in FY '24 and then into FY '25. And if you think about that, bear in mind, in H1 in FY '24, we will have a headwind. These programs will kick in but weighted more to the back end of the year. So on that $170 million investment, if you call a 30% return, it's roughly a $50 million potential impact to offset the Russia earnings. I would say that 2/3 of that we think we can achieve in FY '24. So over the course of FY '24, we feel that we can pretty much minimize any headwind from the Russia earnings in the first half of FY '23, and then you'll get the full run rate as we head into FY '25.
Michael Casamento: Well, look, Larry, I think ultimately, we started the buyback in Q2. We spent $40 million. If you think about the cash flows in the first half, we also invested in some M&A activities. So we acquired the plant in the Czech Republic. We spent a little more on APAC. And at the same time, we were managing the cash flow as we start to release some of the inventory that we built up on the back of supply chain constraints over the past 12 months. So, we started to see that come out of the system toward the end of quarter two, which gave us the ability to start to do the buyback. And then as we look forward into H2, we will start to see more -- as I mentioned in my comments, we'll see the cash flow more weighted to the second half, particularly as we start to get through the inventory and working capital impacts from that. In addition to that, you've got the proceeds from the Russia sale, which we're allocating $100 million to the buyback. So really, it was around the timing of the cash flow and just managing that through and we can get the buyback done in the second half as we've done in the past. So we feel like we can get the $500 million done.
Michael Casamento: Yes. Look, the interest rates where they are for us, the buyback still makes sense. It's EPS accretive. We have strong cash flows, and we regularly been doing buybacks, and we'll continue to do that where the interest rates are. It still makes sense from that perspective.
Michael Casamento: Look at $120 million, I mean we see opportunities across the business. As Ron mentioned, there's under 220 plants around the globe. It's going to be focused on taking some plants out of the network and as well as SG&A opportunities to rightsize the business. So there is some focus in Europe. But generally speaking, we'll see opportunities across the globe. So that's to come.
Michael Casamento: Yes. I think you got to think about it in the context of just our cost of goods and the breakup of the cost of goods where we focused on taking some of that cost out. Of our COGS, about 60% to 70% of it is the raw material. You then get into labor, which is around that 10% to 15% and then things like energy and freight. So where we really focused was around just managing the labor in the half, particularly flexing downtime to match our customers where they were down, managing the overtime to take that out as well. So we -- if anything, we've recovered inflation. We talked about that, the $160 million. But within the performance in the half, we absolutely took some cost-out. We haven't specified the exact amount. But to Ron's point earlier, there was a few hundred heads as well from a direct labor standpoint that came out as well as just generally managing and flexing that cost in line with the demand.
Michael Casamento: So below the leverage we took a $215 million gain, obviously, on the sale transaction. And then there were some costs just in relation to transferring a business. Some of Ukraine costs still to just transfer equipment, et cetera, in that. As we look forward, you'll see the restructuring costs start to come through that will run through that line. But generally, the costs in relation to Russia are finished, yes.
Michael Casamento: Yes. Sure. In terms of the half, we're in around that $250 million. There's a bit of FX in there as well versus prior year. So versus prior year, we're running about 3%, 4% ahead. For the full year, the number of $550 million to $600 million still in the range of outcomes, we're likely to be kind of that 5% to 10% ahead of prior year. And we've got -- we continue to invest in the focus segments and the innovation platforms, which is where we've been focused on that investment. So no real change on the CapEx outlook, perhaps a little lower than where we were at three months ago, but pretty similar.
Michael Casamento: Look, I mean if you think about interest and tax, together this year from a full year guidance standpoint, we've called out. They're going to be a headwind of around 4%. And tax, we've called out, is going to be more in that 18% to 19% range. And that's really on the back of the mix of earnings and particularly where our interest expense is, which is in higher cost -- higher tax cost countries. But when you put that together with the interest increase, that's more than offset by the increase in interest, so for this year, 4%, we haven't called out any guidance for FY '24 at this stage. But obviously, in the first half, depending on where interest rates go, there could be some headwind, but we're yet to see where that ends up. So at this stage, I'll -- we'll come back to you on that one.
Michael Casamento: Yes. Look, you're right. As we mentioned, we started to see some modest benefit in Q2 from raw materials as they've come down. Obviously, we're still holding higher inventories. So they're working their way through the system, which you're still going to see some impact from in Q3 as we work those down. We're expecting guidance -- raw materials right now, they're pretty benign across -- remembering, we will have a broad basket of materials across broad geographies. So when we see that pretty benign outlook for raw materials, so in Q3, we're again expecting some modest tailwind from the raw material side. Beyond that, it's really going to depend on what happens to the raw materials and how quickly we can get the inventory out of the system also linked to the demand environment, John, as well. So clearly, if demand improves, and we get stronger than -- we got stronger demand and then inventories will come down faster, you might get a little high tailwind. The opposite is true if the demand stays off -- if demand is softer, and we can't get the inventory out of the system as quickly then that will impact. But the guidance has a range of outcomes built into it, and that's all factored into the guidance range at this stage.
