Bill Austen: A combination of both, Ghansham. They're consolidating suppliers due to the fact that they're shrinking the size of their footprint.
Bill Austen: Yes. Ghansham, we will be looking to -- as we get through this pilot in this one -- in two segments that we're in right now, we'll look to put it into other segments, and that may cascade to other plants. And if you look at some of the international businesses that we have, it is short-run business already. They don't have necessarily the large campaigns that the North American business has had over the years. But to answer the question on the front end, yes, we will look to put pilots and agile lanes across the plants if it's appropriate.
Bill Austen: Yes, good question. So, if you were to look at large food and beverage customers, large food and beverage customers have short-run business. Our model over the years has always been to go after the long-run business there and not necessarily be focused on the short run. If you do the analytics of large food and bev customers, there's about a $2.2 billion opportunity for short-run types of business at large food and bev customers. If you bring that down to small- to medium-sized customers, the opportunity exists for about $3.2 billion of market, if you will, that exists at the middle to small-sized customers for short run. So, the analytics we've done, we've peeled that back and said, okay, where do we play? We play across those segments with those customers. But to really focus on short runs, we wanted to shrink down the spec portfolio because you can't have a wide cross-section of specs to focus on short runs. That's why we got to the core spec. So, we've dialed our large spec portfolio down. The core specs -- those core specs focus on short-run business that -- which are the pockets of growth. And then one further spot is the nonfood, which we might call commercial and industrial. The market opportunity there would be about a $1.1 billion size, and again, it's using those core set of specifications that we have inside of our larger spec book.
Bill Austen: Yes. We've put in some healthy capital investments over the last few years, and we're going to absorb those growth -- those pieces of growth capital that we've put in as we go through '18 and '19. We're going to continue on the recapitalization aspect of our CapEx program, but it's really just dialing back on the growth because we've put in growth assets that we now have to absorb.
Bill Austen: I think you can think about the $150 million to $160 million in the near term and then stretching it out a little further, maybe $150 million to $180 million.
Bill Austen: Yes. Some of those wins are in the big middle, and some of the wins are in -- would be in the top of the triangle in the higher-margin protein. Obviously, the fresh red meat, the creamer cup award is for a proprietary material called Evolution, which has got higher margin profiles. And the cosmetic tubes in Latin America would have a higher margin profile.
Bill Austen: Right now, we're running a pilot, right? So, we're being very measured on this pilot. We're making sure that we can execute on it and that we can deliver. And we'll run another pilot as we go into the second quarter in another segment. So, we're being very measured and thoughtful on that right now. We have not mapped out the cadence to what that's going to look like.
Bill Austen: I can't specifically address that relative to the tax environment. But we're in a very competitive environment in packaging, and it's going to continue to stay that way, whether we have tax reform or not.
Bill Austen: Yes. Jason, I'm going to make an estimate here for you. It's probably 10% to 20% of our assets would be in the quicker changeover, shorter runs, and the opportunity there is really on the printing side. That's where the opportunity exists to drive that productivity.
Bill Austen: Jason, I wouldn't even wager a guess on that. Probably somewhere around 40% if you look at what we've got from a filmmaking perspective around the world. I'm trying to give you a global number here, so it's probably somewhere in the 40% range.
Bill Austen: What we're saying is we're seeing stable volumes in Latin America. Our customers are -- we're stable with our customers, and our rigid business is in good shape. Our flexibles business is in good shape. We have a good position in both. We have high shares with those customers. And we are just being steady as she goes with Brazil.
Bill Austen: Yes. We haven't seen a recent issue with raw materials in Brazil. It was the hurricane-related issue back in late third or early Q4 where raw materials spiked in Brazil.
Bill Austen: Yes. Jason, what we've done with R&D is we've done some rebalancing with -- of our R&D resources and applied some of those R&D engineers into the operation to help drive some of the Agility charters that relate to productivity and cost out. And we continue to have a very robust product pipeline of new products and new applications for customers that are being rolled out.
Bill Austen: Yes. Right now, we are focused on the 10 work streams in Agility, of which there are growth charters. That is what we call them. Work stream is -- would be a charter and they are -- that are focused on growth, as I mentioned earlier, in the short-run business, that large food and bev, medium and small food and bev, and commercial and industrial. And they gain traction as we go through '18, and we start to see more of that growth as we get into '19 and beyond.
Mike Clauer: I made the comment specifically to the U.S., was that -- because of the loss of the infant care product that was a lot of units of volume but it's very light on revenue, it's not the right barometer of how we look at it. So, what we'd said is, as we proceed through the year, we'll -- and we're required to report volumes, we will discuss that specifically adjusting for infant care. But I would think about revenue kind of flattish in U.S. Packaging.
Mike Clauer: I think the way I look at it is the 10% is -- getting to the 10% and exceeding it is still the right way to think about it. As I mentioned, rest of world at the midpoint of our guidance is going to be high single digits, with the possibility of popping over 10% this year. And then in Latin America, I made the comment that -- think about at least 100 basis point improvement in that region.
Mike Clauer: You're aware we don't really comment on anything specific. But we are very active as far as evaluating -- exploring areas for growth, as Bill talked about. These small run -- short-run businesses, if something interesting comes along that's particularly good at that, we would look at an asset like that as a way to accelerate our initiatives.
Mike Clauer: My comment was that you should be thinking margin percents would be flat '17 to '18 for U.S. Packaging. And then just kind of further on, I mean, I think your assumption is -- yes, I would think about approximately 70% of the Agility savings are in our U.S. business, which would also -- would include corporate, and the remainder is primarily in Latin America.
Mike Clauer: I didn't hear your second question, but let me answer your first question real quick. Unit volumes were flat in Q4 in Latin America, and for the year, they were down 4%. And if you could repeat your second part of that question.
Mike Clauer: Yes, I could talk. If you just kind of think about it, reform in and of itself is about a $30 million savings. However, we have improved profitability in our 2018 guide, so the actual year-over-year cash savings -- dollar savings is about $10 million.
Mike Clauer: That is correct. And just to kind of think about it, the rebate's over the entire business, not just -- but it's earned as a result of delivering the new business. So, the way we've guided and the way we've developed our plan is that we will get the new business and we will pay the award, which didn't happen in 2017. But going into '18, that's how we've planned. So, you're correct.
Mike Clauer: It's one large customer that we've had -- we've done 100% of their requirements, and they have made the decision they need a secondary supplier for a small percentage of their business. But I'm not going to really comment on the size at all. The comment is really it kind of probably offset. So, if you think about Asia, the GDP is 6%-ish and we'll probably be flat in the region to give you some color.
Mike Clauer: I think -- the way to think about it is, in Asia, the margin profile is still -- is very different than it would be in Europe or in healthcare because food safety standards are emerging in that region of the world. So, if Asia is growing faster than healthcare and Europe, it would have negative mix on our business.
Mike Clauer: Our thought process was really we're very cognizant of our investment-grade rating. And -- but we are starting to use cash for some restructuring and just felt that we didn't want to go above the 2.5 to 2.7 times.
Mike Clauer: Well, how I would think about it like for '18 specifically, our capital allocation policy says we will return free cash flow to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. If you think about the midpoint of our guide next year, free cash flow after dividends would be about $160 million to $170 million of cash. That would be used to repurchase shares if there was no acquisition imminent. But to reiterate, we are -- our philosophy is not to lever up but accelerate that buyback. We'll return it as the year progresses.
Mike Clauer: The way we think about it is as we grow what we call the big middle categories, their margin profile, although it be good, is not the same margin profile as our protein packaging. So, it's -- the inverse side of it is still EBITDA dollar growth, which is what's important to us.
Mike Clauer: First of all, I think in -- I'll talk in the U.S. Very little of our shipments to our customers is done by rail. It's primarily by truck, and that has been -- the increase in rates has been contemplated in our guidance. And as you're fully aware, most of our raw materials come in on rail. So, we've contemplated that in our guidance.
Mike Clauer: The European market's very -- is not the same as the U.S. market. So over there, you really have very few passthrough mechanisms, by definition. And in our particular case, in 2017, it was a pretty big run up in nylon, which is something we use in our film, and it's just something -- it was hard to recover it. We've recovered some of it as the year progressed, but we're not able to get all of it recovered.
