George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good afternoon or good morning, depending on where you are. A couple of questions. First of all, Mike or Bill, can you talk a bit about why U.S. performance is maybe a little bit below your expectations if you had mentioned, I had missed it. And then, second question, as far as Oshkosh, I seem to remember that you had assumed the inefficiencies would last the second quarter, and you'd be on a more normal plane, maybe not all the way back, but more normal in the third quarter. It sounds to some degree like that's been pushed back a bit. If that's true, why is that the case? Thanks.
George Staphos: Thanks. Hi, guys. As we think about the three broader categories that are driving, we expect improvement and return for you. So, we have the recap program, we have innovation and we know we have pricing analytics. Is there way to recognizing that, you don't have discrete stoppages and beginnings with these programs per se. So, way to maybe tell us where you're on the timeline for each of them. So, the recap program is a making this up now? A third done and you have another two thirds to go and similar type of discussion on the other programs related to your longer-term goal. And then relation back to – I think maybe it was Adam's question on the volume with innovation kicking in why aren't you seeing closer to the 2% goal I think you had had for the second half and looking out? Thank you.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Last one from me. Just as we think about the impact of the new ERP system, Mike, is any of that showing up in your working capital performance this year? How would that phase in? And recognizing that there is a risk of double accounting here, what kind of benefits do you expect to get from the ERP system in terms of working capital when the systems all implemented in the next couple of years. Thank you and good luck in the quarter.
William Austen: George, this is Bill. I'll take – I'll start with the Oshkosh healthcare piece first. We look at five pieces as being critical to that facility forward, manufacturing output, staffing quality of the product we produced waste and service levels. All of those metrics sequentially have improved from Q1 to Q2. Manufacturing output is up, we're staffed, quality continues to improve and we've implemented procedures that people sign off on the quality of the product before they move it to the next station. Waste continues to trend at a higher level than we had anticipated moving out of Q1 to Q2. And, our service levels are continuing to improve. We were overly aggressive when we thought we could move the needle faster coming out Q1 to Q2. We were not able to achieve those rates. So it's being pushed through to Q4. However, all of those five key metrics that we look at are continuing to improve and get better as we go forward. The first question you had was – was there anything in U.S. packaging that really caused us concern in Q1 – Q2 rather. The answer is no. We don't look at quarter-to-quarter basis. If we look at our operating profit – if we look at our margin improvements on a full year basis year-to-date, we've improved operating margins there 80 basis points to 90 basis points for the first half of the year. We don't look at things on a quarter-to -quarter basis that way. The business is moving in the direction that we have anticipated. So, we don't see any unusuals there happening in Q2.
William Austen: Hi, Anthony, this is Bill. Yes, we lapped those two losses in the quarter and as I said in my remarks, we see U.S. packaging 1% plus growth in the back half of the year. What we've talked about at the start of the year was the second half would always be better than the first half and that view has not changed. We will see a better second half in volumes than we saw in the first half. And the first half volumes were plus the half in U.S. packaging.
William Austen: Sure. George, this is Bill. We step back for a minute, and we looked at the – the overall situation in the region. Unemployment 11% a year ago it was 8.5%, inflation 9.5% versus about 9.5% a year ago. GDP at negative 3.5%, the prolonged economic environment caused us to step back and take a look at what was going on in the region. What we're doing is we're taking out less efficient, smaller, older legacy facilities that we had within the Bemis portfolio now that we've acquired Emplal, which has got newer, bigger more modern facilities along with more modern equipment. So all we're doing is, taking out older legacy Bemis plans, consolidating and moving that volume to the newer more efficient facilities at Emplal that we acquired. We're also putting a little bit of a footprint onto one of the newer Emplal plants to absorb some of the equipment that we will move. So, no losses of customers, no loss of volume, much more efficient operation when this is all over, and we're doing this to continue to be the leader in the region and to be stronger as we move forward.
William Austen: Now we take a longer term view on that, so if we look at our – if we look at our margin as I said on a year-to-date basis this year, it's 80 basis points to 90 basis point improvement in U.S. Packaging. It's tough to look at it at a 19 day window, you have to take a longer view of where those margins are headed and the visibility we have with our innovation pipeline, projects that we have in place that we're recapitalizing on today, all of our projects that go into the recap program have to have a minimum 15% return on invested capital over a five-year average. So, nothing has changed in our view, nothing has changed in our process, we continue on the same track that we've been on.
William Austen: Adam, I'll just add on to that, why didn't we make the shift. We had ROS as a metric in our incentive plan a year ago, because we wanted to improve the quality of our business, which is get it back to the margin rates we were at several years ago. We are succeeding to do that, now we've put EBITDA dollars as part of our incentive plan.
William Austen: Sure. It's a good question, Mark. On the rigid side of things, we are – we're the leader in rigid packaging, whether it's the less differentiated type of material or the higher value-add, the drinkable yogurt cups for instance. We added that to the portfolio. We've always been there in the less differentiated product as well. So, it's really just shifting the mix of higher value-added came down because consumers valuing down. We just made more of the less differentiated type of materials. We still had a very good quarter from yogurt perspective. So we don't see that as being a problem.
William Austen: They are very, very open and clear and there should be no lag.. It's already phased out and scheduled to go.
William Austen: Okay. Yeah. We have a very robust pipeline at this point of projects that are customer driven on innovation. And we have a pipeline of recapitalization projects that's very robust and already in play. So we're confident in our second half volumes being better than first half as we've said and as we go forward those recap projects just continue to allow us to be more competitive in the non-differentiated product. So, we have visibility to volume growth there as well.
William Austen: Right. Hey, Chris this is Bill. The recap program is completely driven by ourselves of the assets we have in place today. We know what the age of the equipment is, how it runs, the waste it creates, the length, the time it takes to change over. That's all within our preview, we have that and that's how we recap. We have volume running across those machines today if we can put in an asset that takes one to take out two that's what drives the asset recap program. It's not contract driven, it's not contract specific, it's asset specific.
William Austen: Well, we're phasing in, in overtime, Chris. We have 27 plants in the network in North America. And there is a lot of assets in those plants that – a lot of opportunity for us to continue to push forward on.
William Austen: Jason, this is Bill. Pricing analytics is a long-term – a long-term view. It will – we will start to see the benefits of that in 2017.
William Austen: Yes, Phil, we're, part of the asset – not part of, but asset recapitalization allows us to attack that pieces of the market, the afresh trend if you will, because it's usually shorter runs, quicker changeovers are required, better service to customers and these newer assets, clearly help us do that, which the older legacy facilities just couldn't handle.
William Austen: Yes, Chip. This is Bill. You were correct on the first quarter. However, we don't see the headwind from the Latin American piece of that. We only see the headwind from the Oshkosh healthcare facility piece going through Q3 and minimizing it in Q4.
William Austen: Yeah. George. It's just might being built, where I think, these guys can perform better, they did a nice job, but hey, nice doesn't cut it, they have to do better and I expected them to do better. We don't – as you said already, we don't measure things in 90 day increments, we look over the long-term, but I thought those guys could have performed at a little bit higher pace.
William Austen: Right. Adam, if you look at our Brazilian footprint or Latin American footprint, it's pretty big, right. If you go to the other emerging markets, we have the small footprint, where we're much more contained, much smaller, more focused on some end markets in the other emerging markets. So, Brazil was just a big exposure, we had a lot of older legacy facilities in and around Brazil. In our other emerging markets, we have much more newer, more modern facilities, and they're much more efficient. So, this was our opportunity to continue to be the leader in that region of the world. We're continuing to do well, we're continuing to do all the things we should be doing down there, now is the time to restructure as we looked at what the longer-term picture is going to look like for that economy.
William Austen: Yeah, George. We've always had a history of innovating, right. And we've always innovated at what we would call the high-end the high barrier end of things. What's occurring now is the company continues to change and move forward and drive toward high performances, the whole process or recapitalization and innovation all start to blend together. The recapitalization projects allow us to bring innovation to customer that we hadn't dealt with before. Innovation is now being driven across the big middle of the packaging space for us because we're dealing with customers that we hadn't served for the last three years four years, because we walked away from business because the margins were too low. Well now, we're back in there, bringing innovation to bakery customers. We're in there bringing innovation to health and hygiene customers that we had not served for the past few years. So, we're going to start to see a big blending of these three buckets or the two buckets of innovation and recap. And pricing analytics we're just starting on that journey, we're just getting into that now. We're going to start to see those impacts helping us in 2017. But as far as innovation and recap, they are all co-mingled as we're going forward here, because one feeds the other.
William Austen: We think we can Mark, because of obviously organic growth in some of the other areas is going to be higher than that 4%. We've got some really nice, very significant growth in our healthcare business and we're going to continue to push on that and that's on the organic side of things in the double-digit range. So, we think we can offset that – some of that weakness in Latin America with much higher growth rates in some of the other segments.
William Austen: Yeah. We still have sort of better term of good pipeline. We've got some interesting things we are working on directly, we are aware of some kind of interesting type investments that could be coming to the market later this year. It's same old markets. It's still in Eastern Europe. In the U.S., looking at things that could have a lot of synergies with them. Not a lot going on right now down in Latin America. I mean I think the way we look at it, we're not going to tax a management team and I think the people or groups down in Latin America have the hands full with restructuring and the integration of Emplal also it would not be an [indiscernible] best interest or those to probably add anything there for the next year or so. So, again I think things continue to move forward. I'm excited about some of things that they are in – that we're looking at but nothing imminent at this point in time.
William Austen: We don't forecast the resin pass through numbers on a go forward basis, Arun. So it'll shake out to be what happens during each of those quarters as it's comp versus the prior year. So to answer your question on second quarter, in the U.S., the resin pass through was a couple of points on that top line revenue just passing through contractual differences versus the prior year.
William Austen: Adam, this is Bill. This is just my view. I don't think there is going to be any impact downward on polyethylene prices in United States from the added capacity. Just my view, these guys do a great job of managing that capacity around the world, taking out older assets that are less efficient, running a more efficient assets and maintaining that balance between demand and supply.
William Austen: First of all, we're getting no benefit. Right now from the implementation of the ERP platform, I think last year, we got some inventory improvement. I think that was just get rid of some bad behaviors and I really haven't given a number yet going forward, but what the people are doing the work, the people that we brought in new employees that have done it in other places, truly believe that they can get 20% to 25% of the work in process out over a period of time. And so it's probably $50 million, $75 million, $100 million that would start coming in latter part of 2017, into 2018 and 2019.
William Austen: Yes. Jason, the tail end of that first, it's a global center. We've had customers from every region of the world, come and collaborate with us in that facility. Since the facility has been open, we've had over 200 collaboration sessions with customers in that facility either using our labs, looking our equipment, doing some things differently, having ideation sessions. We – some of the recent wins that you may have seen in the marketplace is a flexible standup pouch for salad dressings that are single-served, on the go convenience type of products. All of the protein snacking that you might see out in the marketplace today that incorporate protein, whether it comes from cheese, processed meat, or nuts and dried fruits, those have all been innovated from our center. Some of the food service applications that we've had for the food service industry for cook-in types of products have been coming out of the Innovation Center, so I mean I could go on and on. The Center is at the heart of what we do, which is focusing on the customer, bringing the customer in, helping them innovate their products, so they can get their brand off-the-shelf faster than their competitors.
Michael Clauer: What we have done, Scott, is we have implemented basically supplier financing for our kind of Tier 2 and Tier 3 suppliers. And I just believe the traction of getting that implemented is not at the pace that we originally anticipated. I do not at all believe the pace, the targets were unachievable or unrealistic, is just the pace of getting the implementations made.
Michael Clauer: This is Mike. I'll take that question. Clearly, our primary focus is EBITDA. We want to grow EBITDA dollars, in fact from an internal metric perspective, we have added that, so in addition to ROIC and return on sales, we now measure and compensate based on EBITDA. So, it dollars so that's the future and I hope that kind of answers your question. You want both, but from an overall perspective, we would much rather see EBITDA dollars increasing.
Michael Clauer: Yes. I can answer that. As I mentioned it, the target was to reduce improved days payable outstanding, which would add $50 million to $75 million of working capital benefit in the current year. We are absolutely doing that, however not at the pace that we had expected. And so I think we'll get $25 million to $50 million of it not $50 million to $75 million, but we still are going to target getting the entire $50 million to $75 million range. It will just spill into $70 million.
Michael Clauer: Yeah. What gives me the confidence is the discipline we're instilling in this company. This is ours to get. There is absolutely no reason to get it. We have other packaging companies that we can look at their metrics and they have them, so we're not any different than anybody else. So that's what gives me the confidence and the fact that we're going to stay focused on it relentlessly. As far as 2017, what we've talked about in the past is, as we get more and more of our facilities on our common ERP platform. We are also introducing demand forecasting and scheduling that is starting to get introduced right now, and the intention of those systems processes are really to if you think through it's really to reduce with. So, it's really to get better at forecasting and scheduling your plants that allows you to kind of move your lead times down, which lead to a reduction of work-in-process.
Michael Clauer: George, the second part of your question, I think may have been about volumes and just to reconfirm in the U.S. our view is still that the full year for 2016 would be at that one plus range, which to your point means heavier in the back half of the year. So, hopefully that helps clarify.
Michael Clauer: And that's how we would look forward as if you're modeling, as you can assume whatever you want with resin. Our assumption and our experience has been that we don't get hurt or helped with that pass through.
Michael Clauer: Yeah, in global, there is a few things going on there. So if you pull out the currency effect, which decreases your top line, you have a positive effect from acquisition and you're left with organic growth, price volume mix positive 9%. And that's really a couple of things, you've got unit volumes up 1%, you've got some inflation that passes through, and then we're left with positive price mix in the global business during the second quarter, and you can think of that a good chunk of that is going to be your Healthcare business that was quite strong in the quarter.
Michael Clauer: Well, I mean, we've got a very specific target at working capital and that is what we're trying to get to it. I look at this year $425 million, $450 million based on current year kind of guidance and EBITDA, would be where, I would expect it to be in the group, but we still feel we've got some improvement opportunities, but I'd like to get to the point, I mean, first of all I love it when we start growing, and there will be a little bit of working capital load, but I'd like to start assuming the way we should think about it is, EBITDA minus kind of and a cash taxes and cash interest is what you should expect from us. I hope that helps answer your question.
