Melanie E. R. Miller: Thank you. Welcome to our Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Conference Call. Today is January 25, 2012. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, www.bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Henry Theisen; and our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Scott Ullem. Today, Henry will begin with comments on the performance of the business, followed by Scott with comments on the detailed financial results. After our comments, we will answer any questions you have. [Operator Instructions] Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors, including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material costs and availability, industry competition, unexpected consumer buying trends, changes in customer order patterns, our ability to pass along increased costs in our selling prices, unexpected costs related to plant closings, changes in government regulatory requirements, interest rate fluctuations and regional economic conditions. A more complete list of risk factors is included in our regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K last year for the year ended December 31, 2010. Now I'll turn the call over to Henry Theisen.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Sure. I'll take that one. In Brazil, we actually get a large portion of our business in the dairy and liquid and confectionery and snacks cookie-cracker market. There's a lot of yogurt sales there, and we are a big provider to that market and ice cream packages, things like that. So there are some refrigerated foods, but it's really not the meat and cheese business that we have here in the U.S. When we look at our North American business, roughly 25% to 30% of our sales in North America are into meat and cheese markets and then an additional, say, 10% to 12% in dairy and liquids. And those are refrigerated products that are high barrier, higher-margin, good business for us that we invest in heavily. On the Brazil side, those are still small. The meat and cheese is less than 10% of their total sales. And while dairy and liquids is important to them, there's still opportunity for that to grow in the future. So as we move forward, as Henry said, we're making investments in moving some of our high-barrier technology down to Brazil in order to ensure that we have the right capacity to match those volumes as they continue to grow over the next couple of years.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Pension expense in 2011 is -- I don't have the total global balance, but it's somewhere in the $35 million range.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Great. Well, thank you very much for joining us today. And we look forward to seeing you hopefully at a conference over the next several months.
Henry J. Theisen: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I want to begin by recapping our 2011 performance and take some time to talk through our facility consolidation program. In 2011, we continued to successfully integrate our expanded manufacturing footprint and eliminate duplicative specifications. In addition, we successfully acquired Mayor Packaging in China, which gives us a high barrier footprint focused on the growing food packaging market in that region. In December, we bought a small operation in North America that gives us access to the high barrier bulk liquid market from which we intend to expand. These acquisitions both position us to grow in new markets. I am pleased that we were able to accomplish these important strategic actions, and we enter 2012 with a clear path to grow our operating profit in the future on a global basis. During 2011, we faced a number of market challenges that led to unsatisfactory financial performance. I'd like to explain the impact of 3 specific challenges we faced in 2011 and why we feel more confident as we look ahead to 2012 and beyond, namely: dramatic resin price increases, challenging customer pricing terms and volume decline.  First, resin prices increased dramatically during the first half of the year. These increases were related to a number of market pressures, some of which were unique to particularly specialty resins. While commodity resin costs weakened during the second half, offering some relief, our specialty resin costs remained flat. Due to the time lag built into our customer pricing agreements that delays our ability to pass along changes in raw material costs, we realized a decline in our profitability throughout the year. The second major challenge in 2011 was unfavorable price adjustment formulas in certain of our customers' agreements, which delayed our ability to pass along higher raw material costs. We expect to have improved most of our customer pricing agreements to more favorable terms by the end of 2012. Lastly, during the second half of 2011, unit sales volumes softened in high barrier packaging for meat and cheese, dairy and liquids, specialty food products. This volume decrease was modest, and we believe it was related to the consumer response to higher retail prices in the grocery stores. We expect these high barrier packaging volumes to grow modestly in 2012 with the commercialization of new business.  In sales of packaging for applications such as confectionery, snack, bakery, pet food and hygiene products, the decline in unit sales volume during the second half of the year was reflective of a combination of weaker consumer demand and specific pricing actions that we have taken to improve our sales mix to generate higher profits. In the fourth quarter, we began a facility consolidation that includes 3 main categories of activities: plant closings, improved sales mix, rightsizing of administrative work force.  We recently announced the closure of 5 North American facilities. These facilities are smaller in size and, therefore, more expensive to support with appropriate levels of engineering and administrative talent. We are closing 3 legacy Bemis plants and 2 legacy Alcan plants. Production from these facilities is being transferred to more efficient facilities. In North America, Latin America and Europe, we reduced our administrative and production workforce in 2011 to match our workforce to meet current production needs.  Some of the benefits of our facility consolidation program will be reflected in 2012. The majority of the benefits will be recognized beginning in 2013, including improved production efficiency, better sales mix and lower fixed costs. We are also making investments in technologies and geographies where we will continue to see increased demand. In 2012, we will expand our newly acquired facility in China to meet the growing demand from current customers and accommodate the increasing opportunities for our business in that region. In North America, we are also investing in our high barrier thermoformable sheets for barrier cups and trays, where our capacity is nearly sold-out. During the next 12 months, we will improve our expense structure, shut down low margin capacity and increase our production efficiency to drive better performance and cash flow in the future. Now Scott will review the financial results.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, first of all, we did substantially move forward and accelerate the closing of these facilities. As we looked through spec consolidations, where best to move things, we could see a clear path towards eliminating some additional costs associated with running these facilities. Our capacity in the areas that we want to grow, namely those around our high barrier packaging and those which provide convenience features for our customers, is in good shape. We have -- this will add -- we will have good capacity for those. We are taking down capacity in those more competitive areas where it's really just a converting operation. And we'll be in good shape in our higher barrier resin-type business.
Henry J. Theisen: No, we have strong demand growth for our acquisition in China. We are started investing in that, so we expect to see some volume growth coming from that acquisition that we made earlier in 2011. On the other end, we do have good new product growth. I tried to point that out in some of our rigid sheet lines, such things as creamers, which we weren't in before, pudding cups, Jell-O cups. All those areas where we're investing in our higher barrier areas are showing excellent growth. We also got good growth in our core meat and cheese programs. We're coming out with new products and new convenience features for our customers. So we do have good growth in those regions, then the regions of China. We have some excellent growth in the U.S. in the high barrier area.
Henry J. Theisen: We still expect to have good growth in Latin America. It isn't what it has been in the past. The growth of Brazil, for instance, has flattened somewhat. It used to be pretty at high single digits, and now it's down in the low to mid-digits. So it'll be down a little bit from where it has been in the past, but we still expect to see growth in that area. And we have been investing in, again, as the middle-class grows and more products want to come to market with the same kind of convenience and food safety and barrier properties and extended shelf life that we have technology -- we have transferred substantial technology over the last couple of years into Brazil to meet that demand. So we expect to have good solid growth in the region -- in the areas that we want to grow our business.
Henry J. Theisen: In the fourth quarter, we did get some benefit on drop in pricing on polyethylene resins. And that would've occurred really in our polyethylene division, where the time lag from when the resin goes in place to when it is actually passed on to the consumer, mostly because it is a very straightforward business of making film and then printing it and selling it. It doesn't have the work in process and the complications of some of our higher barrier operations. So those resins flow through better. So we got a little bit of a bump, a little -- more than we expected in the fourth quarter in that small segment of our business, in that specific segment of our business. We know -- do know that there are announced price increases. We will start to feel some of those effects, I think, late first quarter. We could have a little bit of carryover of the reduction in polyethylene prices into the first part, but I think that's going to kind of neutralize itself. As far as long-term, specialty resins, we have in our guidance here for the full year that they will be relatively flat. My only comment I can make to you is we follow benzene prices, and a lot of benzene -- cost to benzene drives a lot of those specialty resins. And it has some upward momentum, so I don't know how that's all going to play out.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, I think, overall, if you want to just take some of things -- the overall -- all the markets we feel are going to be volume challenged for the year, overall. We're not walking away from substantial amounts of business. It's small segmented parts of business that just don't fit our long-term strategy. It's not a great big number that we’re trying to overcome with some high barrier growth that's going to occur later in the year.
Henry J. Theisen: First off, on pricing, we still expect to see, and we will see, and I think we are, as we renew some of these contracts. And especially your opportunity on pricing is really related to ruling out new products and innovations, and that's really what Bemis is good at. So as each one of these new product come up, they help to drive that margin improvement that we have overall in our business. What happened, and I don't think that many people can really see how well we've done with this because the raw material increases in the first half of 2011 were so great and so large that they took so much of that away from us. So I think we still have a goal, and we still will make where we increase those margins to the Bemis levels of pre-Alcan.
Henry J. Theisen: I don't think there is anything in there that relates to market share lossing, other than in the areas where we felt it was necessary to make some pricing decisions. I really can't say if it's a destocking or if it's just over -- less demand in the retail area. But it is not loss of market share, other than in areas where we have decided to take pricing.
Henry J. Theisen: No, no, not anything that would be specific the specialty resin costs. I think it's just something for overall, all of our pricing agreements. We need to try to find ways to reduce the time lag involved in passing those on, and that's consistent across all of our pricing agreements.
Henry J. Theisen: I think you're going to seeing it on shelves in the second half of the year. Not in a major way, but you're going to start seeing it on shelves. In fact, it is out there with one product application now. And I think we've got a couple that are going to start up in midsummer. So you'll see it out on the shelves but not in a big way yet.
Henry J. Theisen: They all start out pretty slow, and they gradually grow. And the ones that we -- I really can't talk about the ones that are in our customers' plans right now that we're working with them. But the ones that are out there, an example of that would be the ketchup package we have, the Dip and Squeeze with Heinz. It has been very successful for us, and now it's entering the retail area. We brought out new products that get into creamers that are really expanding. Our rigid applications that get into like cups for coffee, other ways to display coffee, are growing. I really can't put a number on every year what exactly that would be for you, but it is substantial.
Henry J. Theisen: In Europe, we had some pieces of business that were low barrier type business, just rigid monolayer business, where you really didn't add any value with any barrier technology. And those were very, very competitive pieces of business, and we decided that the best thing to do there is just let someone else service that business.
Scott B. Ullem: Well, little of it is the cost savings from the facilities consolidation program because that really won't start kicking in until later in 2012 and really get the full benefits in 2013. But the improvement is really relating to pricing actions we've taken in lower-margin business and an improved price mix profile for our flexible packaging business.
Scott B. Ullem: Philip, I'd also just add, that good solid growth is in real, and we expect a weakening real over time. So the improvement in growth in Dixie Toga will be a little bit masked by currency.
Scott B. Ullem: Well, you're right. We can't comment on what the forecasts were for 2012. What we can say is we feel good about the business and specifically the expense structure and the plant footprint that we are working to put in place. The real concern that we have is just overall volumes. And as we look at what our customers and other companies are saying, we just -- we haven't baked in a lot of confidence in what the volume outlook may look like as we get into 2012.
Scott B. Ullem: We have not -- we are not breaking out guidance on Shield Pack and Mayor Packaging acquisitions. They will be modestly helpful to the overall earnings that we expect to generate in 2012. But we're just not going to break out earnings by acquisition going forward.
Scott B. Ullem: Well, we expect that if raw material prices remain less volatile than they were last year, we expect that we're going to be able to pass through price increases during the course of the year to our customers. And that's the assumption that we've baked into our guidance for the year. What happened last year, as Henry mentioned, is prices spiked quickly, and we were not able to us along the prices realtime to customers until later in the year. But again, we're hoping for a moderated raw material price environment for 2012 that we'll be able to pass through to customers.
Scott B. Ullem: I think it stands to reason that we should get better visibility as the retail and distribution systems evolve and mature in places like Asia, where there's not as good of as -- for example, they don't have a scanner data and check-out data the way we would have here in the U.S. So we would hope so, but I think we're not expecting that anytime soon.
Scott B. Ullem: In Brazil, we've got better -- we got a better lens into going on, but it's Brazil and Argentina. And in Brazil, it's both domestic demand but also export from Brazil into other South American countries. And so it's a little obfuscated, and again, we don't have as good a beat on it as we might in the U.S.
Scott B. Ullem: No, it's not equally split. What we're doing is investing in additional capacity to fuel will our high-barrier business in developed regions like the U.S. And in China, with this new acquisition, the Mayor Packaging, we're really just building capacity because our business there is growing so nicely. In Brazil, yes, it is investment in the higher end, higher-barrier capacity.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. Our philosophy and discipline around application and cash flow really hasn't changed. Number one, we're going to continue to fund an increasing dividend. Two, we will continue to fund higher-return internal organic growth initiatives. Three, acquisitions. And then four and five is really just striking a balance between debt and equity, and we're managing towards about a 2x debt-to-equity ratio over time.
Scott B. Ullem: Excuse me, debt to EBITDA over time. And so I think we'll look at opportunistic share repurchase opportunities at a minimum to repurchase dilution from incentive compensation and then beyond that as our balance sheet and our leverage and the market price for our stock permit.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. There's a lot of deal activity now and really generally in packaging. There is relatively less opportunity for high-quality, value-added barrier film technology, which is what we're really focused on. And so we're going to be fairly disciplined about acquisitions. I think we'll err on the side of smaller-sized deals, not larger-sized deals. We're pleased with the 3 that we completed in 2011. But beyond that, we really can't predict what we're going to be doing on the acquisitions front.
Scott B. Ullem: It is. That's really $100 million over the next couple of years. But the way to think about it is that $40 million run rate that we mentioned.
