Erin M. Winters - Director: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our fourth quarter 2015 conference call. Today is January 28, 2016. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Austen, our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Clauer, and our Vice President and Controller, Jerry Krempa. Following Bill and Mike's comments on our business and outlook, we will answer any questions you have. However, in order to allow everyone the opportunity to participate, we do ask that you limit yourself to one question at a time, with a related follow-up, and then fall back into the queue for any additional question. At this time, I'll direct you to our website bemis.com under the Investor Relations tab where you'll find our press release and supplemental schedule. In Mike's discussion of the financials, he'll specifically be referring to page five of the supplemental schedule. On today's call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures as we talk about our performance. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures that we consider most comparable can be found in the press release and supplemental schedules on our website. And finally, a reminder that statements regarding future performance of the company made during this call are forward-looking, and are therefore subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors. Please refer to Bemis Company's regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed form 10-K to review these risk factors. Now, I'll turn the call over to Bill Austen.
Erin M. Winters - Director: As Bill mentioned in his comments, you asked about regional detail and if you look at the year 2015 in terms of unit volumes, we saw a good growth in Latin America – excuse me, in Asia and Europe in our healthcare business and Latin America, given the tough environment there was just a piece that was down a bit.
Erin M. Winters - Director: The fourth quarter unit volumes overall in global were down about 2%, and trend wise pretty must just the same concept, as the full year meaning, LatAm slightly tough and the rest of the regions of the world were doing well or flat.
Erin M. Winters - Director: And George, I'll follow-up with you on all those details on that other operating line, it's a fair amount of small, small items just talk to, so I'll take that offline.
William F. Austen: Thanks, Mike. As I look to 2016, a few items are key to our continued financial performance. First, we must continue to execute on our asset recapitalization projects in the U.S. that are delivering margin improvement. We started this initiative in 2014 when we increased our capital spend to D&A levels. Our asset recapitalization support all of our end markets, including those that are less differentiated. My view is that there's no such thing as bad business. It's simply up to us to find ways to improve the margin profile of products, where there's a market price or heavy competition, such as candy bar wrappers or bread bags. Our asset recapitalization of printing presses and slitters does just that. Helps us be more efficient in producing products that are less differentiated. I am pleased with the margin and ROIC impact these recapitalizations have had thus far and in my view, it is critical that we continue executing these projects that meet and/or beat our 15% ROIC hurdle rate, during the next couple of years. Not only do these recapitalizations help increase our margin profile, but they also help us maintain unit volumes in less differentiated products. Second, during 2016, we will continue to focus our innovation efforts and commercialize new products across our entire business to spur growth. Our innovation pipeline of new products is strong and includes a wide variety of new packaging launches, everything from aseptic bulk liquid packaging for fruits and vegetables, to skin film for fresh meat in Europe, to protective films used in the electronics industry in Asia, to high barrier film for transdermal patches. Most of our new innovations serve developed markets around the world. But we'll also continue to share our existing innovations globally in Latin America and Asia. Our existing packaging technology is new to these developing regions where we continue to see the demand for more sophisticated packaging. A couple of great examples of global technology sharing: one, retortable films technology that we developed in Asia has now transferred to Latin America for local manufacture and sale of tuna packaging. And two, hard-to-hold liquid technology developed in U.S. is now being used in Latin America to package motor oil. We are well positioned to meet the growing needs and packaging demands in these evolving economies. And we are working cohesively across the globe to leverage our technologies, but I believe we can drive this effort harder. Innovation is important to our growth. And I'm confident in our process and plans to execute in 2016. Turning for a minute to my view on growth in 2016. In North America, I anticipate market demand for packaged foods to be flat to slightly down. I expect our business to grow above this at approximately 1% driven by new innovations that grow our high-technology business and by our asset recapitalization program that will help us maintain overall volumes in our less differentiated product lines. These two in combination will deliver overall unit volume growth in our U.S. business. Based on my current view, I would anticipate volumes in the second half of 2016 to be slightly better than the first half of the year. In our global business, I expect us to grow in Europe, Asia, and our healthcare business at approximately 4%. In Latin America where the environment remains tough, I expect us to grow slightly in 2016. Circling back to the key items of our success in 2015, the final piece is our relentless pursuit of continuous improvement in all we do. Here are just a few examples. We will continue to manage SG&A cost targeting flat dollars over our long-term planning horizon. We will continue to find ways to improve our operations such that our cost takeout programs overcome annual inflation. We will continue to control and decrease working capital globally in the form of inventory reductions and increased payable terms, all in support of generating cash. We will continue with the rigor and accountability in our capital expansions including finding new opportunities and executing our existing projects to plan. I am confident as we begin 2016. Our focus on customers is more intense than ever when we help our customers succeed, we succeed. Our culture continues to evolve toward high performance. We have momentum from our success in 2015 and we have high expectations of ourselves. And we will continue to aggressively execute our strategy in 2016 to increase earnings and create shareholder value. With that, I'll turn the call over for questions.
William F. Austen: Hi, Anthony this is Bill. The way you described it is correct. What you heard on the call was correct. And yes, we see first quarter could be flat, because we still have not lapped some of the loss business if you will. So we see second half, we have much better visibility, much into our innovation pipeline, the commercialization of products that are going to hit in the second half is going to drive those volume increases higher in the second half than the first half, once we lap some of that business that was lost in the first half of 2015.
William F. Austen: Yes. If you're talking about 2015, organic growth was 7.2%, price mix was 7.5%, so volume was flat in 2015. Remember that Latin America was down significantly, so the rest of the business performed really well, that's how it shaped up for 2015.
William F. Austen: This has always been a ultra-competitive environment and the way that we've built our model, you may or may not be familiar with, but we built our model such that, we don't see volatility, we try to minimize the volatility in our earnings based on what's happening with raw materials. So it's always been a competitive environment and the recapitalization effort that we've going on in the company is helping us to be much more competitive in some of the less differentiated product lines at current market prices.
William F. Austen: We're quick to point out it's not a trend. The fourth quarter is always a very fluid quarter. Yeah, the holidays, you have customers that have launched products, which has taken off on shelf, do they have promotions, do they not have promotions. So, fourth quarter, is kind of a – it's not a good one to look at to determine what it looks like going forward. So, we performed well in Q4, more so in the less differentiated product lines than in the core product line. So, we got some nice movement in Q4, but it's hard to say that Q4 is a good quarter to look at for what a trend is going to established.
William F. Austen: Scott, we haven't changed our plan. We're sticking with the plan. We're sticking with our strategy. We're seeing that as – we're seeing that gain a lot of traction. We're going to continue, as Mike said, to invest in the recapitalization programs and we're still funding our R&D levels at the same levels as we did this past year. Some of the things that we see, we see commercializations coming on stream in the latter part of this year, which are very encouraging. And we think our plan is working, we see our strategy working, and we're seeing it in our results. So I'm confident that what we presented on the Investor Day a year ago, we're sticking with it and we're driving hard to maintain it.
William F. Austen: Yes. The center is gaining great – it has gained great traction with the customer base. We've had many, many, many customers. We have multiple customers in on a daily basis. We've had close to probably 100 ideation sessions thus far. And we're driving new ideas and new thoughts for different types of packaging out of that location, not just for the United States, but the interesting thing is, it's gaining traction with our international customer base as well. So people are coming from all over the globe to use our equipment, use our labs, use our process technologies to develop new packaging ideas.
William F. Austen: Well if you look at the 2015 number, that you just quoted, probably half of that came from inflation just and primarily in the Latin American companies is just higher cost, pass-through and the other half was price mix. So, we've made very good progress on price mix and our guidance for 2016 expects that same level of performance.
William F. Austen: Yeah. Frederick, this is Bill Austen. I'll give you some color on the Latin American environment. It's a difficult environment, it's a high inflation. However, our customer base is continuing to innovate and want new products and launch new products and remember, we are not building automobiles and we are not building white goods or electronics. We provide packaging for everyday products that people use in their households. So while maybe some package architecture gets smaller to hit a smaller price point that allows us to innovate and develop a new product for them around the smaller size, different print, different medium and we're bringing in technologies from other parts of the world and introducing it to our Latin American customers, who now want new product and new product innovation. So, we continue to see, our core customers wanting innovation, wanting new products developed and launching new products. So we are managing our way through this environment, the team down there is doing a great job of staying ahead of inflation, continuing to push on price and continuing to innovate with product technologies that we're bringing in from other parts of the world.
William F. Austen: Yeah. I could, I mean the update is that we continue to be more focused on businesses and assets that would benefit our Global Packaging business. I would say our pipeline if everybody remembers, we're not as interested in being involved in processes, we are more interested in getting to know companies and having a conversation with them. I would tell you we shifted from kind of creating a pipeline to actually having one where it's more active, as far as relationships being created, meetings, dinners, et cetera. So that's my update right now, and again I'd say there's nothing out there that would be a transformational typed acquisition, these companies tend to still be at that $50 million – $100 million to maybe $450 million, $500 million of revenue.
William F. Austen: Phil, this is Bill. No, we haven't seen any changes in our customers ordering patterns. Not as we went out of Q4 and not as we've been now in the Q1 for several weeks. We haven't seen any changes in order patterns.
William F. Austen: As I said earlier Adam, Q4 is not a good quarter to use because there's so many, there's a lot of moving parts from a customer's perspective, where they're adding inventory, running inventories down, do they promotions going out, did the promotion that they have at the end cap take off or not? So, there's a lot of things that move around in the fourth quarter, due to the holidays that are in there as well as customer order patterns, take patterns if you will from their end markets. So, tough to use fourth quarter as a trend setter.
William F. Austen: Yeah. George, you're absolutely right. The rigor and accountability of that stage-gate has driven into our R&D organization allows us to move resources quicker to new projects as a project gets cancelled or walked away from partway through stage-gate, because a customer doesn't want to implement it, they don't see there is going to be any market traction. So, we're able to redeploy resources much faster than we ever have before. The other part of that goes to our -- this whole concept of a global operation company, where we can move technology from region A to region B much faster because we now have an R&D organization in our regions that's headed up by a Vice President of Research and Development that's connected back to the innovation center. So, that as they see an emerging trend for instance, duck part packaging becoming hygienic in China, we can move that technology from Europe immediately to China. We have the assets in China that can produce it, and we can produce it quickly and meet the customers' demand very quickly. So, we got a network and it's getting much, much better, and we're able to deploy those resources and technologies around the world much faster with the existing base that we have.
William F. Austen: Arun, we triangulated off of a couple of different data points and it's – so it's a much more of a macro view that we look at being flat to down and flat to down 1% for the packaged food environment, and our view is, is that we'll be flat to up 1% in our U.S. Packaging business.
William F. Austen: Good question Scott. The way we look at it is, is that what we said at Investor Day, 2015 to 2018 in U.S. Packaging, 10% plus in Global. We're on that trend. We're on that slope that we'll be within those ranges that we called out. Is that 100 basis points? Is it 80 basis points? Is it 70 basis points? Our goal is to push it as fast and as hard as we can.
William F. Austen: Hi, Chris this is Bill. What primarily gets recapitalized, our printing presses, slitters, rewinders, pieces of equipment that are old, they run slower, they create higher waste, they don't have the same quality, they're low tech. So and a printing press it doesn't matter whether it runs a high end product or a low end product, it runs the same product. So to try to delineate, what side of the business it's on, we see the biggest benefit in the less differentiated products than you would see at the – but it benefits both sides of our product portfolio. But it benefits the high end products and they also benefit the low end products more, so the low end products, because it's got different price points, right, so we can generate productivity and efficiency to expand margins at existing market prices. So, there's still a long way, we're still in the early innings of this overall recapitalization effort and we're going to continue to stay on this path, because it is benefiting the shareholder and it's benefiting the company.
Michael B. Clauer: Anthony this is Mike. I mean, as we've stated in the past, we're not going to de lever the company. So, if there is no acquisitions available, we would buy back stock. There are a few things we're looking at right now, nothing is eminent, but I feel like we've got a pretty nice pipeline being developed, and that's what I have to say for now.
Michael B. Clauer: Okay. This is Mike, Chris. You're correct, it's all a result of the translation. The real value of the revenue acquired hasn't changed at all. So the business is still quite some strong. The way I'm thinking about it right now, we're still at that – at the current exchange rate we'd still be at $53 million to $55 million of sales associated with Emplal. We also mentioned, we're really embarking on starting our integration and we feel really good about the synergies and our ability to deliver them. Feel very confident that all activities will be implemented in 2016 and we'll see the full benefit in 2017.
Michael B. Clauer: Okay. I'll start first with your questions on cash flow. The structural improvement was about $110 million and that was really driven by focusing on vendor terms and getting back to what we perceive – what we expect is reasonable terms with our vendors. The benefit we got from lower resin cost was about $20 million to $25 million. So, I think we've made a really good overall progress. As far as guiding down I think what I would probably say is if you think about the mid-point of our EPS guidance, that would represent about $420 million of operating cash flow if working capital was not a source or a use of cash. So, being at that $400 million-$500 million we continue to go after some additional structural improvements that I commented would be $50 million to $75 million. And, Bill, do you want to ...
Michael B. Clauer: When I like – first of all, Mark, I know my valuation, I mean, we're trading at 9.2 times EBITDA, so I'm not going to pay more than that. I look at Emplal, we had a – we were lower than what we're trading at and that's kind of how we think about it, as it relates to businesses that would be more associated with food, clearly as we're looking at healthcare type assets those would have much higher multiple, because they got much higher growth projections. But, I'm still thinking for the food side of the business kind of 8 times we could get it done in that range, depending on synergies.
Michael B. Clauer: Yeah. This is Mike. I don't if you are asking Q4 or full year, but in Q4 a lot of the actually the whole revenue down is a result of the resin pass-through. And then volume was up 2% and price mix was down 1.6%, so and that is completely related to this mix of the business. We just sold more, less differentiated packaging in Q4.
Michael B. Clauer: First of all you're correct, it was a $3 million benefit for the full year of 2015, that all happened in Q1. And that was really driven by a very unusual exceptional period where resin fell pretty significantly for four months in a row. We did not get any benefit at all in two, three or four. We're not anticipating any benefit or determent in 2016 other than, we're comping up against the favorable tailwind in Q1 last year.
Michael B. Clauer: I think the best way to think about it is this. We just sold a lot more, less differentiated product which would just normally have a lower margin. So, when you're calculating your price mix on your total business, it would trend down. For the full year, our price mix for U.S. Packaging was up 2%. And that – those are the type of expectations we have of our business going forward.
Michael B. Clauer: This is Mike, George. I think the way to think about it is our price mix, unlike U.S. Packaging, was up 2% in 2015, that's a good number at the midpoint of our guidance to use for 2016. And could reference on the first half is more to do with – we're still going to live with lapping the bottle water overwrap and the Capri Sun (48:33) that really started occurring in Q1 and Q2 next year or so. Once we can kind of get over those comps, which is, as you know, is a lot of volume, low calorie – I think Bill's comment was more that we would expect to see more positive volume growth in the second half. And the same on global. I mean, we had call it 3.5% to 4% price mix without inflation in 2015. I would not expect to see anything less than that in 2017. And then if you add in just what we're doing in healthcare, you are going to have a much stronger number in Global Packaging.
Michael B. Clauer: I'm going to stick with what I have been saying at this point, Scott, that I'm comfortable with where we are at. If you noticed our leverage ticked up with the Emplal acquisition and the share repurchase in Q4. We're going to continue use our free cash flow. If there's an acquisition available, we're going to do it, and if there's not, we're going to return it to our shareholders.
Michael B. Clauer: Scott, you should think about it – Chris, I'm sorry Chris. Chris, you should think about it that we – what we're doing is catching up, if you go back to when we bought Alcan all of our energy was on taking capacity out and moving things around and what we weren't doing was investing in new capabilities. So, I would think about 2014, 2015, 2016, probably 2017 as we're just kind of catching ourselves up. And then we're going to be back into what I would consider a normal spend where we're still going to be redoing – recapitalizing, it just won't be quite at the stepped level as it is today. And I'd like – the other thing to think about too is just – when we throw out those numbers of half or $70 million, that's – those are assets that are going to get a 15% plus ROIC in the future. And it's pretty easy to do the math on that, that it's a big driver of our margin expansion in the future.
Michael B. Clauer: Thanks, George. George, what we're getting out of the consumer information and consumer study work that we're doing. Is that it's confirming everything that you read in the press today. It confirms that there is a new buying pattern, it confirms that there is new habits of people that natural, fresh, less ingredients, cleaner labels are all what consumers are looking for. And that's generating a new and smaller food companies that go-to-market through different channels. So what we're going to be doing is investigating those channels and driving harder to generate traction around the new channels. And it's – when you see companies like General Mills by a jerky company called the Epic. It's driving the large CPG companies to do new things and look for different ways to get to market with different products. And that's what's our – that's what the study work is confirming and it's driving us to go after new channels and new markets.
Michael B. Clauer: And I'll answer your last question on cash flow, you kind of – our real focus had been in 2015, going after improving payable terms with our vendors we really didn't use any as you refer to factoring programs. We are going to in 2016, we have implemented a supplier financing program that we will make available to our kind of next set of suppliers that we're going to be working with and that in essence allows them to determine how quickly, so – I may give you an example, if we make our terms, net 65, they can decide it, if they want to take it earlier and that – so that will be a big part of our progress. And then on the AR side, there are supplier financing programs that put in place all the time by our customers. We participated in them but we generally do not take the cash early from that reason of the factoring.
George Leon Staphos: Thanks. Hi, everyone, good morning, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions and congratulations on the progress so far. I guess, first question I had, Bill could you remind us why you think that you can keep R&D at around whatever you said $44 million, so while keeping up innovation? I recognize some of this related to the discipline around stage gating and the like, but could you go through some of the color there? What your learnings have been so far in 2015 about your ability to get leverage off your R&D related innovation? Because obviously innovation is very important in terms of – what you want to do in terms of volume and price mix longer term.
George Leon Staphos: Okay. Appreciate the thoughts there. And then, I want to take one more question in terms of this turn on price mix, so as we think about this coming year or the year that we're in right now, if I heard you correctly, I thought you said price mix would be relatively flat other than the comparison that's offered in the first quarter. Or is that purely a resin comment and you'd expect price mix to be up this year? And if you did mention that, what's the figure we should be at least thinking about, as we're modeling you for 2016? Thank you.
George Leon Staphos: Hi, guys. I actually have three cat and dog types of questions and so I'll ask them in sequence. That way you don't have to come back to me in queue. One, what have you found out of the consumer studies that you've been underwriting thus far in terms of what it's telling you about consumer behavior and what that means for Bemis going forward. And then secondly, Mike, other operating income on the P&L had a $4.7 million versus a lesser number in the year-ago. What was driving that? And then within free cash flow and working capital, it sounds like it's more inventories and payables but are you using any kind of factoring program to drive the working capital improvement as well? Thanks, guys and good luck in the quarter.
