Mike Clauer: On EBIT margins it was very minimal. As you guys all know, we’ve done a really good job of taken the volatility out of passing through changing input cost.
Mike Clauer: As I said in my remarks, we are still -- our view hasn’t changed. We viewed 10% EPS growth in 2016 and we see that volumes will increase in North America to the 2% range where we've targeted in our Investor Day 2016. That's why we made some of the changes in our commercial team.
Mike Clauer: At this point, it's a steady build. I think we’re doing a little bit better in ‘15 than we would have anticipated in our five-year plan. But again I’m not going to -- I don't think I’m going to -- we’re going to sign up for 120% improvement right now. But we do still feel confident we’re going to be improving as we move towards our long term goal. So 15 to 18 in U.S. Packaging and plus 10% in Global.
Mike Clauer: First of all, I don’t see any big change or any impact on cash flow as a result of FX. We kind of pull that out and look at it without it. And then as far as capital’s concern, as we said on Investor Day and it still holds through, we’re still going to be that $200 million to $215 million in '16 and maybe '17 and then after that we should start seeing a decline other than any potential acquisitions and how that might change our capital requirements on adding more revenue and assets to our business.
Mike Clauer: Our objective right now is we want to be able to get a 15% return on invested capital on an acquisition. And as you guys -- anybody knows, that's not an easy task, when you're paying 9, 10 times EBITDA for an acquisition. So we’re very balanced on the attractiveness of an acquisition. We have got to be very confident that we’ve got the synergies, be it cost take outs, consolidations, SG&A take outs or revenue synergies to make that investment versus a share repurchase.
Mike Clauer: Adam, we’ve got three lines in. Okay we line in Swansea wales. We have a line in Pauls Valley, and we have a line going in here into Wisconsin. That's what we’ve invested in thus far. We have two others on the back burner, that we have not yet pulled the trigger on. We are linked with a customer and their ramp-up in the use of that flat film, and at this point that's all I will say about that flat film market and where we see that headed.
Mike Clauer: George, what gives us the confidence in the volume is the pipeline. We do an exhaustive review of the global pipeline, not just of the U.S. Packaging pipeline of where the projects stand in the stage gate process. Are they a P1 or are they a P4? Are risks retired, are risks not retired? And as we look at that, when those projects are going to be completed, and if you go back to our whole premise around our stage gate process, it starts and ends with a customer. So we don't develop unless as a customer tied to it all the way through. We feel very good about that and very good about what’s going to launched in the upcoming months and quarters. Not just in U.S. but also global.
Mike Clauer: There is really been no shift. If you think about how to think about it, about $60 million of our spend is environmental health and maintenance and I would say it's 50-50 split above there between innovation and recapitalization. Recapitalization is heavier in U.S. Packaging. Just from the standpoint that's where the assets really need to be recapitalized. And as Bill kind of pointed out, a big part of our global strategy is the migration of capabilities and higher barrier products from the U.S. to those emerging markets as packaging sophistication increases.
Mike Clauer: I think we figured out, we -- first of all Scott, I just don't think we’re -- we were really focused on cash flow and we’re now focused on cash flow. Last year in Q4 the number was $56 million. As we've given you the guidance, I would expect that to be $90 million plus next year. So we will continue to get improvements. And we’ll continue into ’16. I think we've made a lot of progress on terms with suppliers. We’ve done a good job with the big ones, and now as we go in the Q4 and Q1, we’re focused on kind of the next tier of vendors to kind of get those terms improved. From an inventory side, I think we’ve done a nice job of getting inventory back to what we want it to be, but clearly the big progress still going to be linked to our rollout of supply chain optimization management and demand forecasting, which those investments are being made right now and I would expect that to start realizing second half of ’16 into ’17 when we complete our ERP implementation in U.S. packaging.
Mike Clauer: No. First of all, I don’t think, I wouldn’t read anything into it -- it’s going to be 550. We’re just get back to normalized. When Bill makes that 550 comment, think about it, our EBITDA will have grown substantially as a contribution to that. So I would think in terms of -- we’re targeting get to primary working capital to be 14% of net sales and then the additional growth will come from our improvements in EBITDA as we continue to drive our performance.
Bill Austen: George this is Bill. I will take the volume side of that. Yes, we gone through, a good review of our innovation pipeline in the productivity projects that we have slated based on our capital spending and we feel very comfortable with what we’ve targeted for 2016, the 2% growth in North America. We filtered with that based on the innovation and the productivity improvements that we have slated.
Bill Austen: Scott, this is Bill. We looked the next this year. It’s a 50-50 split between innovation and productivity and efficiency, because we’ve got the lower hanging fruit on the productivity side. You see that earlier. We’ll continue to get that productivity from projects we’ve installed this year, because they'll lap themselves somewhere in 2016. But we have good site to more productivity projects that as you recall from last quarter we pull capital forward to drive sooner productivity gains into 2016. So we’ll continue on that pace and then the innovation will start to kick in even greater than it has now. So it's still going to be that 50-50, 60-40 kind of a split in that range between innovation and productivity. So we’re comfortable and we have good line of sight.
Bill Austen: Yes, thanks Anthony. This is Bill. As we said, we’re very happy with the performance of our business in Brazil. And if you look at what we do, as we make packaging for products that people use every day, two years ago, we made some investments in some technology in Brazil to bring down some proprietary meat films, protein films for that market to start to change the market away from what locally produced films are all about, to bring down Bemis innovation in terms of ISO. We’ve been gaining share with that technology from locally produced film. So whether meat film is now -- we were not big in that market prior. Now we’re big in that market because we’re gaining share from locally produce suppliers. So that’s a good thing for us and we see that continuing as we -- at capacity utilization on that line continues to increase.
Bill Austen: Probably '17, and honestly it’ll never be completed. What we’re doing right now is probably catching up for underspending from 2010 through '13 as the Company was a lot more focused on integrating that large acquisition. So what you’re seeing right now is a catch-up, but we will -- it’s going to become part of -- it is become part of our DNA that we will always be capitalizing assets going into the future.
Bill Austen: At this point, we are not anticipating any recovery. We’re going to work off the assumptions that consumption in the U.S. is flat to slightly down. We have no reasons to think otherwise. So I think more of the growth is going to really be coming from the innovation side of our packaging. Hope that answers your question.
Bill Austen: Look, Chris, I don't see anything that's going to change where we are over the next couple of quarters. And we’ve always said 10 plus. So we’re not going to back off on 10 and then stop. We’re going to continue to drive for 10 plus, and our business teams know that. We're continuing to put innovation into all of the regions of the world. We’ve got assets going into Europe right now that continue to drive their improvements, that have been significant for us over the last year or so. Same thing in Latin America. We're going to continue to invest there to continue to drive innovation and bring new packaging technologies to those regions to continue the change the mix and up-scale the mix that we’ve always been focused on. And same thing in medical. That medical facility in Wisconsin is now up and running. Its validated and qualified. So we can ship commercial product from there and we're still focused on that 200 basis points improvement in the medical business next year that we’ve stated right from the start. So we’re going to continue to push that beyond 10.
Bill Austen: First of all, I answer your question, it's more important is it that when we made the statement about $140 million, it's really more about getting ourselves to that 14% primary working capital percentage in that sales. We kind of ended Q3 -- we were just south of 16%. So we’ve made some pretty nice progress, and we’ll continue to make progress as we drive to get to that level. So I think that answers your first question. As far as second question on the M&A side, we do have [indiscernible] right now. The positive side is there seems to be no road blocks at this point in time. It's now just a question of when we get approval on the process. So that would be potentially a use of cash in the fourth quarter, but of course I've said it before. We’re not going to delever. So we're going to use the stock, either do an acquisition or buyback stock, and the way I’m looking at it right now, we'll react to the timing of M-plow [ph] as we know a little bit better.
Bill Austen: Yes, Mark, we do have them M-plow [ph] there. We're pretty far down the road on developing our strategy, which included working with all the business units to identify the type of companies we want to own in the regions and geographies. As I said before, we like to think we can start moving the revenue ball from 70-30 to 50-50 global. So we’re going to be thinking and looking in Latin America and the western side of the continent that we really don't participate in per say. In Europe clearly looking at eastern and central Europe as a priority, healthcare anywhere, and we’ve got things percolating is a better term for it. Again like we’ve said, we really don't want to be in processes. The multiples are pretty high right now. What we’re trying to do is find organizations that we want to own and get to know the ownership family, if its private and see if we can strike up a conversation about helping them with their succession plan or exit strategy. So I would say it's going quite well, Mark.
Bill Austen: That is correct. But the other side of it though as we -- in some of these emerging markets, it's also looking at countries that have higher growth rates. You look at eastern, central Europe, those growth rates in the food categories are 5% plus type growth into the foreseeable future. And we just feel that would be -- other drivers is that -- we’re targeting countries where geographies that are going to grow a lot faster than a U.S. economy is.
Bill Austen: And as to your question on restructuring, there is really three elements of the restructuring this quarter. $1.4 million associated with facility closure in the medical division and about a $0.5 million associated with acquisition related cost on M-Plow [ph]. Those are included in the segment. There is a $2.7 million charge that was not included in segment and reported as corporate and that's for identification, obligation related to a past acquisition. It's a one-time non-recurring charge.
