Ron Delia: Yeah, look, thanks. It's a tough environment out there as you, as you alluded to, you know, we had flat volumes basically across the business and relative to many who've reported, that actually feels like out performance, believe it or not. Things definitely slowed down through the quarter. Certainly through this September, the month of September, things got a bit more bit softer in, in Europe and North America in particular. I think it's a function of the two things you mentioned. One is obviously there is a bit of inventory built up in the supply chain in certain segments, and I think we'll see that come out relatively quickly given that this is fast moving consumer goods that we're talking about. So we don't expect that any inventory impacts on volumes will be long lasting, but I do believe there is some extra inventory in the supply chain. And then secondly, the cumulative effective inflation on the consumer, which eventually will lead to some elasticity. And I think you're hearing that from brand owners we're, we're hearing in directly from them, and I think they're publicly commenting on elasticity maybe being less than expected, but still there is elasticity in many of the categories that we're supplying into. So look, we have a pretty modest expectation for volumes from here for the rest of the fiscal year. Michael will talk more about that, I'm sure, but, you know, our, our guidance includes a range of outcomes and a part of that range is where we end up on volumes.
Ron Delia: Yeah, well, look, I think the -- as far as availability goes, the raw material availability picture has improved. I wouldn't say that it's completely we're completely supplied, but certainly the constraints that we face through much of fiscal '22 many of those have abated. We're, we're down to a much shorter list of constrained raw materials. It probably held back cells more modestly on the first quarter than it, than it impacted us in fiscal '22. But certainly the situation is improving as far as recovery of lost sales. I think in these segments, it's very difficult to expect lost sales to be reclaimed from one period to the next. Again, these fast moving consumer goods. And, you know, if you, if a sale is missed in in one period, it's unlikely the consumer goes back and double purchases in a, in a future quarter. So I think you know, we've got to look forward at this stage.
Ron Delia: Yeah, look, I think, from a -- the first part of your question about where is the demand, I guess the most elastic, where are we seeing it often the most, I would answer the question more geographically than, than at the segment level. I think firstly I would say our healthcare volumes globally have been very, very strong. So that's the other side of the discussion is that healthcare has remained very robust, particularly pharmaceutical packaging. And that's been true everywhere. I think as it relates to food beverage packaging, home and personal care to some extent. Where we've seen the most softness has, has been in the developed markets in Western Europe and in North America. Presumably, you know, that's where the inflation is biting the, the most, I mean, we've got act actually at the moment, more modest inflation in some of the emerging market countries we're participating in. So really where we've seen the most softness and the increasing softness has been in North America and western Europe. And then I guess I would also add China to that list, but we believe that the China softness is primarily a result of the COVID related lockdowns. We believe that based on the patterns across the global footprint or the national footprint we have in China. So I'd answer to the question that from a geographical perspective, more than a segment perspective, and then as it relates to protein, protein is a high priority segment for us. Without question, it's an attractive segment for a lot of reasons, a lot of innovation in that space in particular around the films and materials. And, we had a, a flattish quarter globally across the protein space, so that's not what you'd expect, and it's not what we've experienced over the last several years. We, we would expect mid-single digit mid to high single digit growth in that segment, and we were, we were more, more or less flat for the quarter.
Ron Delia: Yeah, thanks, George. No, it's a good observation and it's a good insight. I would, I would agree with your insight there that generally speaking the hot fill space is, is a space where there are more premium beverages being sold. A lot of that goes through the convenience channel. I think what we're seeing there, to some extent is function of our customer mix. It's a function of new product introductions. Some segments actually held up pretty well through the quarter as, as whole segments ready to drink teas sports drinks to some extent some of the hot filled juices. But I also think its 90 days, and I think in a 90-day period, you, you have distortions that relate to inventories and different customer performance. So I'm not sure I would read too much into that, other than our hot fill volumes have continued to grow at attractive rates. And it's one of the reasons we've prioritized that segment.
Ron Delia: Yeah, that from Doug, as we said, I think we were, we were expecting, or we have been holding higher imagery levels or building higher energy levels, really as a, a contingency against the supply constraints that we've been experiencing for the last 12 months. And we guided back in August that we didn't expect that to come out of the system in q1, which it didn't, and we saw, we saw you know cash outflow as a result of that. As we look forward we'd expect, into Q2, things are going to stabilize. And then as we head into H2, we should start to see inventories come off you know, out of the system. And it's a combination of both volumes and value. I'd say the split, if I look year-over-year, it's probably 40% relates to volume and 60% is, is relating to the higher prices year on year. So you know, as we, as we look forward to the end of June part of our cash flow guidance includes a pretty neutral position in terms of working capital year over year. So we we're expecting working capital to be relatively flat versus the prior year where we had an outflow of 150 million. And that's largely on the back of that, that reversal in the inventory side in that helping us guide to that one to 1.1 billion in cash.
Ron Delia: Yeah, it's raw, it's raw material, Keith. So, so in that respect, I mean, it's going to flow through get passed through to the customer.
Ron Delia: Oh, look, it'd be really hard to read anything into the last 90 days. That's, that's long term to be honest, Kyle, I think there's been so much volatility and the volumes through the quarter were quite volatile. So I, I think there's a bit of destocking in there. I think, I'm sure when the dust settles, we'll see some, some shift towards, towards volume over value or toward, towards big packs. I mean, I think that's likely if we hit real soft economic patch, but I think in the first 90 days it's a function of inventories in the chain, it's customer mix. It's a number of different factors.
Ron Delia: Yeah, look, I think healthcare was a real powerhouse for us in the quarter, and it was very consistent through the quarter. So we had high single digit volume growth across the global healthcare business. And that was -- that was consistent by month and it was consistent by region, and we would expect that to continue. I think you might recall that this segment is a mid-single digit grower for us over a long period of time. We had a little bit of a rough patch during COVID when there were less elective procedures and me medical procedures, less prescriptions written, etcetera. I think we're sort of back to roughly where we were pre-COVID and we would expect that business to continue to grow. We've put some investments on the -- into place, which we've yet to really see the benefits of, but that will also help propel the volumes going forward. We've got a new healthcare plant in Southeast Asia. We've got extension of a facility in Ireland as a number of film assets we've put into that business. And we expect that those will help power the business going forward.
Ron Delia: Well, look, we're trying to exit in an orderly way. Just for context, we have 3 factories in Russia. Collectively, they've generated about 2% or 3% of sales over the last several years, about 4% to 5% of EBIT. We announced in August that we're pursuing the sale of those 3 factories. We said at the time we're going to pursue an orderly exit, meaning that we're going to look to preserve value for shareholders as well. So we're running what you -- to the extent you could call it a typical M&A process in that environment, that's what we're doing. And there's been a reasonable degree of interest. So we're still optimistic the process will run its course and complete sometime in the second half of this fiscal year.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, I think we'll deal with that when the time comes. I mean we are repurchasing shares this year. We've spent about $100 million in the first quarter on acquisitions. We'll continue to look for further acquisitions. So I think we'll see where we get to. But as a general rule, we're not of the view that paying down debt is going to be a very value-creating use of cash right at the moment, even with interest rates elevated from where they were a year ago.
Ron Delia: Yes. Well, look, I'd say the ability and the willingness are both high. But it always takes two to tango in an M&A situation. And we're actively pursuing deals. I mean that's part of our formula and has been for a long time. We think there are good bolt-on opportunities across our portfolio. I think what I would say is you can safely assume that anything that's in the market, in the packaging space or at least in our segments, we're having a look at and a close look at. So the appetite is there. The willingness is there. The balance sheet and cash flow are there. We're pretty clear on our strategy in terms of the segments we want to grow in, the geographies we want to grow in. So we'd like to try to be active. In some respects, a tough macroeconomic backdrop might not be the worst context, the worst setting for us. If you go back over a number of years, we've tended to be more active when asset prices were more modest or at least more in line with long-term trends. And we're going to remain disciplined and actually hope that's the case in this cycle. ePAC, just quickly on ePAC, it's more of a corporate venturing type investment. So we've got a minority stake. We've put some more money into it but it's still a minority position in a start-up -- relative new startup called ePAC, which has been around about five or six years. It's a digitally enabled flexible packaging company. They essentially rely on digital printing. The whole process is digitized. And it's a really exciting opportunity. It's a business that's targeting small and actually micro customers with quick lead times and very responsive service model. And it's been growing really almost by triple digits over the last five or six years. So we're pretty excited about that business.
Ron Delia: I think making sure that the teams stay focused on trying to drive growth in the segments that we've nominated as areas we want to grow and at the same time, being out there and really aggressively focusing on recovering inflation. I think that's the key. I think -- there's one other one I'll come to. But I think, generally speaking, we're trying to do two things at the same time, which you could consider to be contradictory. We're trying to grow the business and generate momentum on the top line. And we feel like we've never had more tools at our disposal to do that. And we're investing more CapEx and more R&D, et cetera, et cetera. But at the same time, we've got to be out front of inflation. And so just trying to manage that message internally and managing the balance between those two things is the real challenge. And then the second thing is just -- there's just been a lot of exogenous factors out in the operating environment over the last several years, starting with the pandemic and then the supply chain disruptions and then in the parts of the business impacted by the Russia-Ukraine conflict. There's been a lot of different exogenous factors out there. And so I just want to make sure people have energy and they're renewed and they're pumped up and fired up to come to work every day. I think that's not an insignificant challenge when there's so many different things being thrown at them. They really have nothing to do with the base business of selling packaging.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, it's been a solid segment for us in terms of growth and margin as the pet food segment generally has premiumized or humanized, you'll hear the two words used to describe that segment. We transitioned over in many number of years from primarily dry pet food and bulk to essentially almost single-serve pet food in smaller pouches. And we benefited a lot from the increased packaging intensity and that segment is increasing sustainability requirements of that sort of packaging. And one of our innovation platforms, AmLite, is directed squarely at that segment in partnership with some of our big customers. So it's a pretty exciting space and there's a lot of innovation brought to the market, both by the brand owners and by us as a packaging supplier. And it's been a mid-single-digit sort of growth segment for us. The first quarter, quite frankly, was flat. We were pretty much flat globally. The Russian -- Eastern European sales were soft. We had some growth offsetting that elsewhere. So all up, we were more or less flat for the quarter. But we don't see any signs or cause for concern around the secular trends that have made it such an attractive segment going forward.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, it's a good question. We're really pleased with the plant performance. So firstly, in terms of the availability of the imports, as I noted earlier, the raw material availability has improved. There are still some specialty materials that are in short supply, and I think that's going to continue for a while. But many of the constraints and bottlenecks we were dealing with over the last 12 to 18 months have abated. So that situation has improved. And generally speaking, the labor availability has improved across the network. Certainly, this time last year or even the earlier part of calendar '22, we had some real labor challenges, especially in North America and in Europe as COVID spikes rolled through those regions. That seems to be behind us at the moment. And we've not had real labor constraints for some time. So I think from a factor availability or input availability, the plants have been able to run more unencumbered. And then I think as far as the productivity and the efficiencies, we're really pleased. We think that's one of the highlights of the first quarter. If you look at our 9% EBIT growth, we'd say probably about 1/3 of that came from price and mix but two third of it came from the cost performance in the plants. And so that's where we got the operating leverage to turn really flat volumes, actually modestly down volumes into 10% EPS growth. So we're pretty pleased with the way the plants are performing. And it's important because we're going to need them going forward.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, just to put some context on that, as I said, the Russian business is about 4% to 5% of global EBIT. Within Europe, it's obviously a much higher percentage. So we've got an -- we're going to sell that business and we're going to lose those earnings. We've got an obligation to try to protect the income statement and generate profit where we can. And so we're going to -- we're going to take some cost out. We're going to rightsize the part of the business that was most directly affected. So some of that cost is related, as Michael said, to just the transition of winding down operations in the Ukraine and migrating certain business out of the Russian plants that can be repatriated into other plants in the European network that will -- that's part of where that cost is going. There'll be some overhead reductions because we'll be operating a smaller business. And there may be a plant closure to be determined, but we haven't come to that conclusion yet.
Ron Delia: It's really hard to say. The only segment where you feel like there's more inventory and maybe got a little bit of a bump in hindsight is the coffee space. We do -- primarily our coffee business now is primarily single serve and systems -- coffee systems, which -- this is more intuitive or hypothesis than it is borne out by facts. But intuitively, more at-home consumption -- more people at home would have driven more at-home consumption of single-serve coffee and coffee system sales pods and the like. And so we may be seeing a little bit of the unwind of that. But I think the more important thing is that long term, these segments, the secular tailwinds that relate to greater packaging intensity to provide the consumer the convenience and functionality that they're now used to. And so we continue to be bullish on these segments over the medium to longer term.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, on the private label versus branded mix, our mix kind of looks like the market. I think you have to get to the segment level. And certain segments have much higher penetration of private label than others and our mix kind of reflects that. And so I would say there's not a whole lot there in terms of what the impact will be as consumers shift potentially to private label from branded goods. On the sustainability platforms, look, we are starting to see some traction. The sales are in the tens of millions of dollars now, which is growing off a low base. So this is sales of the platforms that we talked about before, the AmPrima and AmFiber and AmLite and Sky. So we're starting to get there. I think it's just all part of the formula of continually driving mix benefits and margin expansion off of the organic volumes of the business.
Ron Delia: Okay. Thanks, operator. Thanks very much for your interest in Amcor today. We feel like we had a good strong start to the fiscal year. And we're maintaining our expectations for the performance of the base business for the rest of fiscal '23. And we look forward to continue to provide updates along the way. Thanks very much. And with that, operator, we'll end the call.
Michael Casamento: Yeah, no, it's on the raw material side cases, as you know, throughout FY 22, we've pretty much over the last two years really, we've pretty much had a, a manage manageable headwind on the, on the price cost lag in recovering raw material. As we exited, FY '22, we were getting to a more neutral position, and in Q1 we were relatively neutral. As we called out, as we look forward into Q2 we, we are expecting a, a modest tailwind on raw materials and, you know, as you know, we buy a basket of raw materials across the globe, and, and so they can move at different times, but based on what we see today, we'd expect some tailwind in Q2. And as we look into the, further out into the year, it's really volatile environment and difficult to say, but, in terms of our guidance, the 5% to 10% underlying performance you know, that takes into a can of range of factors around the raw material pricing. So, to get to the upper end, that would mean raw materials come off faster and we get, we get a bigger tailwind as we head into the second half you know, at the lower end of the range, obviously raw material spike again. But we'll see -- we'll see how things turn out as we head into, into Q3.
Michael Casamento: Yes. Thanks, Adam, for the question. Look, in terms of our guidance, obviously, we've got a range of outcomes in the 5% to 10%. I mean the base assumption is that volumes are going to be fairly modest. We're not expecting any major volume growth. Clearly, in the first quarter, we were flat and market conditions are pretty tight and tough out there. So where we are focused, obviously, is continuing to drive the business to recover inflation and the raw material costs and actively taking cost out of the business, which also supported the result in the quarter as well as strong mix through continued innovation and mix management driving the focus segments and the like. So in that 5% to 10%, clearly, there's a range of outcomes. If we do better on the volume side in some of the focus segments, then we'll potentially have better mix and end at the higher end of the range. if you see more recessionary impacts and softer consumer demand, that could drive us to the lower end of the range. Obviously, raw material prices, as I touched on earlier, can impact as well. So inflation is the other big one. We did well in the quarter to recover inflation through price and mix. And we are expecting more inflation as we head through the year and expect to recover that. But that's another factor that could drive a range of outcomes in that guidance.
Michael Casamento: Richard, that was just the impairment that we took back in -- well, at June 30 year-end, when we noted the asset as held for sale. So we had to impair the asset to an estimated book value -- market value. And so that was the adjustment for that one.
Michael Casamento: Right. Yes. Well, part of that was the -- we've obviously got to close the Ukraine and close that piece out. And then to relocate part of the business out of Russia, rightsize the footprint in Europe and also SG&A restructuring as well to help to mitigate the lost earnings from the Russian business, which we feel that we're taking a lot of action in that front to help recover some of that 4% to 5% in EBIT that we're going to end up losing as we go through the sale.
Michael Casamento: Yes. Look, the fixed and floating piece at the end of September was 50-50 fixed and floating. Since that time, we have taken some fixed rate swaps. And so we're -- today, we stand around about 65% fixed versus 35% floating.
Michael Casamento: Look, Larry, we're -- obviously, you're cycling through a kind of 12-month period. So we -- there will be still some further increase in pricing on the raw material side. We'll see how that plays out into the second half. But I would still be expecting some further increase as we roll through the year.
Michael Casamento: Yes. Look, it's a relatively smaller amount, maybe $20 million to $30 million. It's not significant.
Richard Johnson: Just a question on Russia, if I may, please. I noticed you've got a $90-odd million restructuring program related to the sale of the three plants. Just intuitively, that feels like a very high number. And I was just wondering if you could help me understand what's behind it.
Richard Johnson: Yes. But if you break down that $200 million, Michael, you talk about $62 million and restructuring costs was a further $30 million to go this year. So it's really that bit I'm trying to understand what that is.
Richard Johnson: And while you're on the line, just on the interest charge, very helpful guidance you've given. I was just trying to get a sense of what that number would be on a constant FX basis.
