Ron Delia: Thanks, Michael. Just turning to Slide 20 and looking beyond the end of fiscal year 2020 at a time of lots of uncertainty and volatility, we continue to have good clear visibility to controllable sources of shareholder value in the near-term. We've touched on each of these already, but we expect continued defensive organic growth for our food and healthcare packaging, additional cost synergies from the Bemis acquisition. We'll deliver $80 million by the end of this year and expect another $100 million over the next two years, continued payment of a compelling dividend, especially in this low-interest-rate environment and the EPS benefit of having bought back over 3% of our shares this year. In longer term, Amcor's capital allocation framework has not changed and as we saw earlier, over the last five or six years, the model for shareholder value creation has delivered an average of 12% per year of combined EPS growth and dividend yield, and that will be higher this year. Before we close off our opening remarks today, I want to touch briefly on our best long-term organic growth opportunity, which is around sustainability. Sustainability, as it relates to consumer packaging, touches on a number of things that have become increasingly important to consumers around the world, including waste and pollution and greenhouse gas emissions and global warming, all-important issues that aren't going to go away despite the immediate focus right now on COVID. So two points to emphasize today; the first point as Slide 21 makes clear is that when it comes to these consumer needs and sustainability concerns, we believe the answer is responsible packaging, not no packaging or misinformed packaging. Responsible packaging requires a total system solution. First, mark design that takes into account environmental impacts through the product lifecycle. That means packaging that's recyclable, reusable or compostable, made from recycled materials and using less material in the first place. Second, the right waste management infrastructure needs to be in place whether that's recycling or composting facilities or returnable systems. Finally, consumer participation is critical to properly dispose of packaging in an appropriate way. The second sustainability point today is on Slide 22. Amcor is uniquely positioned to make a difference here and capture the opportunity and we're fully committed and continuing to invest. This is not a new topic for us. We've been fully committed for several years now. We first made our aspirations public two and a half years ago with our 2025 pledge, and again in August last year, we committed to invest $50 million to accelerate our sustainability agenda. While we're dealing with the pandemic, like everyone else, sustainability has and will continue to be in focus for Amcor. Just to close off and summarize on Slide 23, clearly, volatile times, challenging times for everyone. Amcor is not immune or any different but we are well-positioned in demonstrating resilience. We've delivered strong results so far this year and we've increased guidance for the second time. The Bemis acquisition is ahead of our first year expectations. We have clear visibility to shareholder returns in the near and longer term. Of course, one more thank you to any of our employees who might be listening in today. So with that, operator, we'd like to open up the call to questions.
Ron Delia: Well, maybe I'll take the second one first if I can. The meat business in North America is a big important part, but it's about 20% of the North American flexible sales. As a proportion of Amcor, it's low single-digit percentage. We really haven't seen significant disruptions in that segment. We've had some ebbs and flows in volume but no real shutdowns despite the challenges that have been well documented and that continues. One of the things that is a real advantage for us in that segment or will be longer term is the film technology in that business really lends itself to more automated meatpacking processes and more automation in those facilities going forward. Some of those plants are quite labor-intensive, as you've seen and so we think in the medium to longer term that's going to bode well for growth but in here and now no major disruptions and generally robust volume. The first part of your question was about trends. Look, I think the key message from us today is we didn't see much overall across the whole business that seems to have been impacted by COVID. We obviously see some areas where things grew better than we might expect, 4% volume growth in North America is a couple of percentage points higher than we'd expect but not astronomical. In a business like Europe, which is just as big, we saw volume growth of 1%, which is, again, sort of normal. And then obviously in China, in January and February, we had had a decline. India was shut in March. So there is really puts and takes. April has continued largely in the flexible space along the same lines. I think, as Michael alluded to Rigid's volumes have slowed a bit and everything in Latin America has slowed in April, but generally speaking, if we look across the entire portfolio, there's not much material change.
Ron Delia: You've got it, interest less tax -- interest and tax net is about half and then the rest is just the good organic performance of the business. We've seen momentum building in the base business throughout the year. We saw this in February and raised our guidance then and we've continued to see it through the third quarter. Volume is a part but we've had really good margin performance generally in the businesses. If you look in flexibles we've got like 150 basis points of EBIT margin expansion. Some of that synergy related but some of it is just good performance in the base business as well and the mix has been healthy with good healthcare sales and some other segments so it's a combination.
Ron Delia: Not so much so far. Look where Roz go from here with oil hitting the lows that it hit in late March and April we'll see but in the third quarter, we had a few million dollars of benefited similar to the first half where we saw about $4 million, $5 million per quarter. We were at about that pace in the third quarter as well.
Ron Delia: We're still going through that. We've benefited I think about $10 million or $15 million so far. There's another $5 million to $10 million to go, which will come next year. There's a couple more plants to close, which will happen after the high season at the end of the North American Summer so you'll see benefits in 2021 from the final plant closures in that program, which was announced a couple of years ago.
Ron Delia: It's mostly mixed. I think it's probably because we've got some weaker sales in Latin America as we flagged and especially cartons. Those are the businesses where sales have been weaker. I think mix tends to be lots of different things. I think we'll probably get back to you on that one, Brook, because the business is growing nicely in some of the better segments around healthcare and meat. The offset will be in Latin America and in especially cartoons.
Ron Delia: On the last one no changes in competitive behavior. I think the whole supply chain is focused on just keeping our plants running, whether you're an upstream raw material supplier or a downstream customer or retailer. I think what we've seen is reprioritization in a number of different dimensions towards just sustaining operations. So no change in competitive dynamic and certainly no change in pricing. I don't think there's any real commercial discussions happening in our supply chain right now anyway. As far as Mexico is, I think it's a 90 day period so there's a lot of moving parts. I would say in flexibles, you see the mixed benefits flowing through in the margin expansion. We're doing really well in healthcare this year, have been for several periods now; medical and pharmaceutical packaging growing well, protein packaging, which was flagged earlier, despite some of the pressure on issues in the U.S. which have been more recent that business continues to grow well. So generally speaking, the mix has been positive.
Ron Delia: Brian, quite frankly, we wouldn't really look at the margins on a quarter-to-quarter basis. We'd be thinking about the full year. I think on a year-to-date basis, the margins have stepped up quite substantially, and we'd expect that to continue.
Ron Delia: Yes, look, Rigid’s is softer in April as we flagged, I mean, it's functioning well. I think it's a week by week story in volumes when you're talking about consumer -- convenience channel business, which is where the weaknesses in North America. And Latin America is really related to the pandemic. In flexibles, we've had good momentum in North America, good momentum in Europe, building throughout the year. The Asia business weathered the storm early in late January and February but has built momentum as well. So we expect them to have a good fourth quarter. The cartons business also has built some momentum after a tough Q2 in particular. And so really at least Latin American in flexibles is the question mark, but generally speaking across the rest of the segment, we have seen and continue to see good momentum.
Ron Delia: Yes, that look that business notwithstanding, you know, the last couple of weeks and the pandemic impacts has been building momentum as well. And so we've sequentially improved profit in that business in each quarter. I think we flagged that at the end of Fiscal ‘19, our fiscal fourth quarter, the business actually had a modest loss. We started to make money again by July and August, and having had profit in the first quarter, second quarter, even more so, the third quarter was better again. So despite the softness that we're currently seeing, the business has generated incrementally more profit in each quarter; and so we're on the right track there. And I think operationally and from a cost perspective, the steps that we took in July and August last year, and the headcount reductions put us in a good position. I think the customer relationships have been solidified. And we had seen some better volume trends and better comps on sales period over period in January and February than we've seen in the first half of the year, and even March. So, now I think we're dealing with maybe the last major region in the world to go through the pandemic and that's where the softness is coming from now, but generally speaking, we would say that businesses has progressed throughout the year in line, maybe even a bit ahead of expectations.
Ron Delia: Well, if we look at the whole segment, we had pretty modest growth of 1% across the board, and we spelled out on the slide there some of the puts and takes. I think, you know, 1% or 2% buying growth is what you'd expect to see in this business. And in the first half, we had some challenges in Latin America and in cartons in particular, which had us a bit softer than that, but generally speaking, 1% or 2% is what you'd expect and that's sort of where we're at.
Ron Delia: Yes, let’s -- answer the first question, as know that emerging markets portfolio or percentage of sales for emerging markets has not changed through the year with Bemis, we are waiting towards EMs, went down a few percentage points. I think maybe 2 or 3 percentage points overall, but that hasn't changed. Generally speaking, look, I think we've talked enough about Latin America, Asia has been relatively robust this year, save for the late January-February period in China where things obviously were quite soft, although bounced back quite quickly in March, India in March was short essentially. So we had a very soft month in India. But to that point, for the first eight months of the year, we had very strong growth in India and the rest of Southeast Asia. And then, Eastern Europe has been softer in cartons, but pretty robust in food and personal care in the flexible side. So it's a mixed bag like it always is across the EMs, but there's still a substantial part of the business and still an area where we expect to get this proportionate growth going forward.
Ron Delia: Now, I think in the quarter, you have to remember that Europe was pretty hard hit by this pandemic in many countries in the beginning of March. And so we had probably as much of an impact in, probably the end of February or early March in parts of Europe as we had in Asia. So yes, you had some stronger sales towards the end of the quarter. But in the middle of the quarter there and France and Spain and Italy, parts of Germany, even Switzerland, we saw a pretty dramatic slowdown for a week or two.
Ron Delia: Look Mark, I think it's what you've -- what you've seen on, you know, all over the TV and the media. It's been well documented. I think the U.S. consumer tends to pantry load like no one else, and so sales were particularly strong in March. I think the business actually had reasonable sales in the first half. So we would have been in the low single digits, which is probably building on -- building a bit of momentum over where the business had been the last several years. So we probably started from a bit higher base, and then picked up a few more points -- a couple more points of growth in the third quarter. Really across the board, healthcare, and we keep coming back to it, but healthcare has been strong throughout the year, but in the protein segment in homecare, in packaged beverages, powdered beverages, etcetera; we had pretty good growth across the board.
Ron Delia: Look, I think they're doing -- the business has done a really good job in that space. So, I'd say the growth in the quarter and probably the growth throughout this fiscal year since we've owned the business has been equal parts, growth with larger customers and in the healthcare space as well as good traction with the smaller customers as well as it is with our rigid packaging business where we also have, and have had for a number of years, concerted effort to tap into that smaller end of the market. So it's across the board.
Ron Delia: Well, the biggest lessons that we were able to benefit from in Asia were just how to deal with the situation operationally. So in China, obviously in February, we had disruptions in a number of sites. We learned pretty quickly about the protocols to get sites up and running and protect sites, everything from how to set up printing line to ensure physical distancing to how to process hundreds of employees through temperature checks and PPE. All of that we learned through the 11 plants we have in China and the experience they went through in the earlier part of the quarter, and those lessons then were built out in Europe and carry through to Northern America and Latin America. So operationally, would be the big lessons learned. From a consumer perspective, you know, the consumers are quite different. Generally speaking, though our business is very defensive, and it's exposed to the same segments in China as it is elsewhere in the world. It's food, it's personal care, it's pharmaceutical and medical packaging. And those segments just tend to be quite resilient and defensive. So it's been more on the operational side, where we've benefited from the learnings.
Ron Delia: Look, the industry itself declines 2% or 3% a year and some of the customers do a great job of laying all that out. And I think they would say that the global demand in units declines 2% to 3% a year and then you have short-term periods where either there's inventory builds which provide an offset or you might have an excise tax in a major market, which builds on that decline. Our volumes would look similar from that perspective; and then, the offset for the packaging is outside of North America in particular. The complexity of the packaging is quite extensive, and so there's a mix and a complexity offset that drives the sales at a bit higher rate than the volumes.
Ron Delia: Yes. Now look, that's exactly right. I mean, there's no material cost changes that impacted our financial performance one way or the other, or that we expect to in the fourth quarter. There's definitely puts and takes, you know, obviously there's increased costs around cleaning and disinfecting and extra PP&E, and things like that. We have not seen yet any substantial increases in any inputs or freight or anything like that. So those are bigger cost items, and we haven't seen any real material change in those items. And then there are offsets, as you said, you know, there's generally no travel, no one at Amcor is traveling at the moment, and you just have generally less expense in that side of things. So, puts and takes but no material cost change.
Ron Delia: Yes, look, it's a really good question. Our view internally and in the discussions we've had with our customers is that the things that we have been prioritizing before this pandemic are still the things that are going to be important when we get to the other side of it, so particularly around sustainability. Bearing in mind that our investments in that space are just core to what we're doing, we're making packaging, to make that packaging recyclable is going to satisfy a need that we're all confident is going to be there on the other side of the situation that we're in now. On e-commerce, clearly there's a lot of sales of grocery and food products going through e-commerce right now and the online channel. We, at the moment, supply the same sort of packaging for the most part for that channel as we do through regular retail. Over time, gradually our customers are developing omni-channel packaging or e-commerce specific packaging, but those things take time, and that will continue. If anything, we'd expect that to accelerate, but in the here and now, that's not impacting our R&D agenda for the next let's say quarter two.
Ron Delia: Okay, operator, well, it looks like there are no further questions. Again, we thank everybody for joining us at different hours in different parts of the world and we'll end the call there. Thanks.
Michael Casamento: I'll take this one, Larry. Thanks for the question. Look, we're really pleased to feel the cash flow is year-to-date. It's meaningfully better than the prior year and it's in line with our expectations based on the usual seasonality. Looking at the prior year, there's a couple of areas on that we've had, obviously, a lot higher earnings, which is a positive, and also really a good working capital performance. As I mentioned in my notes, we look at the working capital sales ratio, and that's reduced from 10.7% at June 30, to around 10% now, which is a meaningful improvement across the year-to-date. We're right on track to deliver the $1 billion in cash flow we talked about before dividends and typically our quarter four is always the strongest cash flow quarter, and that's for a few reasons. Firstly, Q4 is our highest earnings quarter for the year so typically you're $100 million better EBITDA in Q4 than any of the other three quarters. So probably that adds to the cash flow. Inventory cycle we tend to build imagery leading into the pig season, particularly in Rigid's and then in Q4, when it's done well, we draw that down so we benefit from that. We're going to see continued benefits from the working capital sales ratio particularly coming out of the Bemis acquisition so we've seen some benefit there. Then obviously, as we head into year-end, we have a strong focus on working capital and it tends to lead to a stronger rally than some of the other quarters. Overall, we feel good about the position and it comes generally across the board.
Michael Casamento: As we said in the comment flow, we've seen some softness in Rigid's volumes in April. We've factored that into our guidance for the full year. That's also factored into the cash flow guidance so we feel good about where we're at. Obviously, COVID has some other variability that we've also talked about that where we are right now we feel okay with where we're at.
Michael Casamento: I can take that one, Brian. Look, I mean, we haven't seen any near-term stress from our customers who, you know, like I said, typically well placed from essential products, expected to deal with a situation like COVID. And I think having said that, we really continue to stay focused on our working capital management, which includes the customer collections and supply term, so we haven't really seen too much on that front right now.
Michael Casamento: Well, Richard, at the start of the year, we were expecting interest rates to increase, particularly through the U.S. And obviously that didn't happen and more recently, obviously, the more recent reduction in guidance we've put through is really on the back of the U.S. one month libel, I mean, it's dropped nearly 2% in, you know, a month or two. So, you know, if you think about our debt portfolio on the fixed and floating rates and where our mix of currencies are, it’s pretty easy to understand that the interest cost is going to come down.
