Jerry S. Krempa: Right now, Alax, we see resin as being stable right where it is. We don't -- we haven't built anything in that shows an increase where basically stable resin prices moving forward.
Jerry S. Krempa: Alax, I am-- I really like our Global Packaging business. We have put in some capacity over the last couple of years. We've gotten that capacity positioned where we want it. We're making great inroads by introducing new technologies into the Global Packaging arena and we're going to continue to be bullish and push on our Global Packaging business. If you look at the Global Packaging formats, right? It's like a staircase. At the bottom of the staircase is low sophistication, at the top of the staircase is high sophistication in packaging and higher margins. The capacities we've put in, the investments we've made over the last few years help our customers move up that sophistication staircase, and we feel really good about what we're doing in global and where we're headed both in the food side and in the health care side of things. So we see that while I can't say that we're going to see 100 basis points move every 90 days in our margins, we're going to see an upward trend as we go through the next many, many quarters. Thanks.
Jerry S. Krempa: Hi, Adam. Well, in terms of the range we gave in terms of the reduction, just one thing I want to point out is where we end up in that range will partially depend on the timing of the pressure-sensitive divestiture. As we indicated, we're targeting closing that transaction in the fourth quarter, but depending on exactly when we do will impact where we are in that range. For instance, out of the reduction, about $10 million to $20 million of that reduction relates to pressure-sensitive. Considering the lack of operations we'll have in the fourth quarter, whether it be 1 month or 2 months or whatever. And also, some related closing costs to the transaction. The balance of that reduction is roughly 50-50 split between 2 items. One item being raw material inflation, that becomes part of inventory costs, and eventually works its way to accounts receivable as these cost increases are passed on to our customers. And secondly, it's the inventory quantity increases in the supply chain resulting from the inefficiencies we experienced as we commercialized some of the new business that Bill talked about. We will see these levels shrink over time as the action plan Bill mentioned is implemented and as we install some new equipment that will add capacity and help alleviate some of these bottlenecks. So the balance of it, like I said, is split between those 2 items.
Jerry S. Krempa: Right. I think, historically, pressure-sensitive contributed about $30 million a year to our cash flow. This year, it was substantially lower because of the Stow closure costs, which included the withdrawal liability from the multi-employer pension plan. So that's the impact pressure-sensitive would typically have on our cash flow. I think, as we get -- come out next quarter, we'll be giving you guidance for the future.
Jerry S. Krempa: Well, as I think I just indicated, we talked about pressure-sensitive impact for the balance of the year. We talked about raw material inflation that's become part of inventory and it becomes part of AR as we pass those costs through. It's the inventory quantity increases that we've seen in the supply chain because of the commercialization of new business that Bill talked about. That will take a little longer to flow out. We need to implement our action plan, we need to add the capacity that's in process and that will help alleviate some of those bottlenecks. So over time, we expect that to shrink.
Jerry S. Krempa: In terms of the use for the year, Al, I would imagine that's going to be about $50 million for the year. And like I said, the balance I laid out for Adam, we talked about the reduction, $10 million to $20 million is PSM, the balance of it is roughly between the raw material inflation and the inventory ramp-ups. The inventory ramp-ups, I would think that throughout next year, as we get through first and second quarter, we'll see some pretty significant decreases in that.
Jerry S. Krempa: In terms of decrease in interest expense, I think, I did lay out the change in our bonds, it's the only bonds that we have retiring here in the near term, so we did reduce that interest rate on that $400 million of debt based on current interest rates over 4%, 4.5%. In terms of pension costs, we have not completed our final calculations for the year. We'll have to see where discount rates are at the end of the year as we do our calculations, and next quarter, we'll be able to talk about that.
William F. Austen: Yes, let me take that one, this is Bill. When I came to Bemis, it was 14 years ago, I actually came into Bemis as the President of our Pressure Sensitive business. And I know that business very well. I know that market very well. And that business, on it's -- when it's on the top of its game in its best day, it's going to be a 6% to 7% return on sales business. And we, Bemis, stopped making investments in that business some time ago. So if you go back 14 years ago to when I started, a lot of new capacity in MACtac came online. A couple of new coders were started up in the year 2000, 1999 to 2000. Since that time, the industry has moved forward. The market has moved forward. Technology has moved forward. Wider Web widths, faster speeds, different adhesive technologies. And we didn't really stay up with those market improvements. So there's going to be, while the business will grow minimally, to really grow that business, it's going to require some new capital injections, some new capital investment. And if you look at Bemis Company as a packaging portfolio, we've got much higher and better returns and higher margins in our Flexible Packaging business that don't -- so the MACtac's pressure sensitive margins really don't compare with our Flexible Packaging in margin and return. Some we're going to take money and put it into Flexible Packaging. We weren't going to continue to invest to make business at 7% returns. So it was just a function of where best to focus the company. We've got the company focused on its core around Flexible Packaging, that's where we have better growth opportunities and we have better rates of return.
William F. Austen: Yes, it's a very good question. Europe, for us, we're on a -- we're doing quite nicely in Europe. We like the position we have in Europe as a niche player. As a niche supplier in high-barrier, health care and protein packaging. And we will be making some targeted investments in Europe that are focused at healthcare and high-barrier packaging. This example of the skin cook film that I mentioned in my verbiage, that's a product that's skin tight, which is a really great product that helps sell a new format for fresh meats and preprepared foods in Europe. And one of the large U.K. grocery chain has just moved their volume of fresh meat cook-in type meets to our skin cook package, which is a great example of the investments we've made over the last few years coming now into the market with new technologies. And in Asia, we're going to continue to invest in the emerging economies because as I talk about that staircase of low sophistication to high sophistication, as food safety standards continue to move upscale across the entire Asia region, not just China, our products are ideally positioned to help those customers sell their products in the market. So we're going to continue to invest in those regions of the world where we have an advantage and where we can be differentiated.
William F. Austen: Well, I'll take that question here in that if you look at what we're doing differently is it's really the focus on the higher-margin value-added product portfolio that was not as -- it isn't that we weren't there a few years back, it's just that now we've got some unique technologies, some unique assets focused at these higher-margin, higher technology types of packaging applications and that's where we're putting our focus. And third quarter, some of the improvements that we're going to be making going forward now is we have made some key personnel changes within the U.S. Packaging segment. We're putting some more engineering resources around the commercialization of new products so that we can bring those products to market quicker without hiccups and we're accelerating the installation -- we're accelerating the capital deployment into the U.S. Packaging segment so we can bring some equipment to that region quicker and reduce some of the bottlenecks that we've had.
William F. Austen: Yes. Our target that we've stated, I've stated, for U.S. Packaging is that we want to be between 15% and 18% operating profit within the next 3 or 5 years.
William F. Austen: Yes. Mark, first off, our target for global is 10%-plus operating profit, and it goes back to that staircase, okay? Just think about that staircase. At the bottom of the staircase, low sophistication packaging, low value, low margin. Top of the staircase, high value, high margin. And we're helping our customers because we're introducing technologies in those parts of the world that come from the developed world, right? They come from Europe. They come from the United States. We're bringing formats to the customers that they've never seen before, that they haven't had the opportunity to market their products in. So we're bringing those formats to those regions of the world and that's going to help us move up that staircase and get the higher margins and that's our focus in the emerging world, along with health care. The health care packaging, if you look at now across Asia, there's more and more healthcare being afforded to the population. So there's a good portion of healthcare pharmaceutical medical device packaging that we're now getting into the Asian marketplace. With our footprint in Kuala Lumpur, with our plant in Suzhou, China, and now our film platform we can actually make films for that region in the region from our film plant in China. So we no longer have to ship films from around the world into that region. So we can better serve those customers with new technologies developed within the region.
William F. Austen: A couple of questions there, right? The first one would be, yes, we are heavily skewed in Latin America, right? And it's going to take us a while to build the Asian business to that size. But we are growing the Asian business quite nicely. Now have we seen improvements in Latin America from a volume standpoint? We have target end markets, right, that we'd like to talk about, liquid, dairy, meat, cheese, protein, if you will, as well as health care. We've seen nice gains in meat and cheese in Latin America and we've seen some gains in our pharmaceutical business down in Latin America. So these are target markets that we like to be in and that's where we're pushing and that's where we're seeing volume growth.
William F. Austen: Yes. First off, let me -- as I've said earlier in my comments, one thing I'm committed to is improving our performance metrics, one of which is ROIC. And what we're now looking at from a capital investment perspective, we have an ROIC hurdle. Now let me explain this, okay? What we're saying to the teams that want to invest in capacity and invest in growth is that their investment in capital has got to have a 5-year average of 15% return on invested capital hurdle. So at that period, they look at it and they say, okay, does it have a 15% average ROIC over the first 5 years of the project? And we have got plenty of opportunities that the guys -- that the teams are coming in with that have got those -- that hurdle in excess of. So again, it's not a one point in time but it's a 5-year average for that investment, needs to have a 15% average ROIC. And if it does, we just gauge them next to all the other projects and go about it that way. Now the second point to your question was our customers investing. Some of them, yes. And some of our investments are geared up and matched with some of our customers' investments that they're making in some new type of packaging technologies. A lot of that takes place in the emerging world because there's new packaging formats coming to the emerging world, so we're linked up with some of our customers in the emerging world as well as the developed markets as well.
William F. Austen: Yes that is correct, your comment about ex PSM, yes that is correct. Over the last couple of years, as I talked earlier and I talked to a lot of folks already, we had a very big internal focus over the last few years because we made the purchase of Alcan. We consumed a lot of capacity when we purchased Alcan, and we first coordinated specifications in that Alcan hotdog film. We had a hotdog film. They had cheese packaging, we had cheese packaging. We took our resources and had them go through the portfolio and say, okay, which is the better spec. We determined which were the better specs and then we determined where is the best place to run all these specs. So that was the plant consolidation effort where we moved pieces of equipment around our portfolio around the footprint of plants to determine where best to run things and where best to move equipment. We now have absorbed that capacity that we purchased with Alcan and now we're back on the trail of investing for growth with new capital.
William F. Austen: Yes. First off, we are aggressively driving price. Now we do have, within the United -- within North America, we have a large percentage of our business on contract, so that's formulaic, as you put it, Chris, right, where we have a price adjustment formula and we adjust our price that way. The portion of the business that is not under those types of formulaic contracts, we're out there aggressively managing price to our advantage when we can. Outside the United States, we don't have these large formulaic price adjustment formulas with customers, and we are outdriving price outside in Global Packaging and in our health care area all the time. It's just part of the way the business teams are now metric-ed for their performance. It's on price and pushing price and not being in a lag.
William F. Austen: It's in process and I wouldn't say it's going to take a couple of years. This is -- we got to get this done now and there's a sense of urgency around it with the teams.
William F. Austen: Yes. I'll tell you, here's how we're thinking about it. First off, obviously, the best or close to the best use of cash is to fund organic growth where we have high-margin, differentiated product technologies that we can bring to customers to help them grow, that's what we're going to do, okay? That's number one. We want to grow organically and we think that's the best use of our cash. We're also going to be out looking for acquisitions. There's no question that we are going to get back on the acquisition trail and we're going to be looking for those things that add footprint, add scale, add technology. And that's going to be -- that's not going to be consistent around the world, if you will. It will be different in different regions of the world. So yes, we're funding organic growth, funding acquisitions, paying a dividend, we paid a dividend for -- increased our dividend for 31 years, and I've jokingly told people, I'm not going to be the guy that goes down in history that's changing that, and the fourth one would be opportunistic buys of share buyback. And we have an authorization, I think, of 8.3 million shares from our board.
William F. Austen: I really like the way you think because one of the -- and it's anecdotal, right? As you talk to some of the major CPG companies, they will tell you that gasoline price directly impacts the sale through convenience stores. And that's where they make their highest margins, is that impulse buy, somebody puts $20 into their tank, goes inside, and it's got $5 left or $4 left and they buy the P3, the Kraft P3 protein pack. They buy the Hormel prewrapped turkey wrap. We like that because those are our packages. That's where we sell and it's that on-the-go grab-and-go type foods that we like. So I don't have any data wrapped around it, but I would hope to see that as gasoline prices come down, we're going to start to see food volumes go up. And that helps us, it helps our customers, and in turn, then that helps us. But as we get into October, we've got nice orders, trends going on in October right now, so I can't say that it's related to lower gasoline prices, as you might suggest, but we could certainly use that low gas price as a tailwind.
William F. Austen: We like the fact that we got a robust pipeline of innovation and new products coming out because that's when you can price the product the highest, right? It's when you launch a new product to meet a customer demand, to help them get the package off the shelf, get it into the consumers' cart better right out of the chute, you get high prices. With a falling demand, if you will, or low oil prices, the Asian demand is softening, so, yes, could there be some weakness in resin pricing or in specialty chemicals going forward? Maybe. But we're really driving this thing from a mix perspective and increasing the mix of higher value-add products and that's where we have higher margins and higher prices. Right now, we haven't had the conversation, obviously, about falling resin prices because they haven't fallen. So we're going to continue to push on price the way we have been, not just in the U.S. but around the world.
William F. Austen: Yes. It's really the fact that we're starting to get traction with new product introductions in the emerging world. I mean, a large -- one of the largest or the largest processed meat company in Brazil has taken their entire line of processed meats and cheese to one of our packages that we've had no traction in before because they were just selling it in a 3-side seal nylon poly pouch before. Now it is in a very, very upscale, high-end, high graphics, peelable, resealable package that sells in Europe. They're now taking across their entire line in Latin America. So it's new product introductions. The skin cook film over in Europe is a brand-new technology that comes from our skin film format, which we're just putting in additional capacity so we can meet those customers' demands. So it's really the introduction of new products, higher-end value-added products. Just keep thinking about that staircase. We're helping our customers move up the staircase to higher value-add, higher-margin products.
William F. Austen: For U.S. packaging, it's 15% to 18% operating profit. That's our goal. That's where those guys are headed. That's their target. And what you said, Chip, about global is correct, 10%-plus.
William F. Austen: The mix of -- we want to shift. Obviously, we've wanted to shift and we have been shifting and we've been moving from the lower barrier, if you will, and to the middle -- to the high barrier. So we've been moving away from more and more of the bottle over-wraps, snack food packaging, candy confection packaging, up to the left-hand side, if you recall, our investor presentation, the left-hand bars of meat, cheese, dairy, liquid, where there's high barrier, more technology. Customers aren't willing to put those brands at risk so they've got to have high quality, great service and constant differentiation of products. So we'll continue to move in the direction of high barrier. And right now, I don't have a percentage in my mind as to where that's going to be. It will -- the trend will continue to increase toward the high barrier side of the equation.
William F. Austen: Right. Well, in 2015, not just the officer team at Bemis but the regional teams and people in the regions will be incentive comped on ROIC, ROS, growth and safety. So ROIC becomes a part of the regional teams and so does return on sales. So we're really putting a hard push and a drive on return metrics and improving those return metrics.
William F. Austen: Yes. First off, the question around M&A, yes, we are looking at -- when we look at M&A right now as a -- 3 years, it needs to be accretive to ROIC, that's one of the goals we have as we look at that and how we're going to drive synergies and now we're going to drive growth so that we can achieve the accretive ROIC. And the other part of your question was around? Oh, share repurchase, I'm sorry.
William F. Austen: We're authorized from our board for 8.3 million shares. And again, we've got a view of capital allocation as organic growth, inorganic growth, share repurchase, dividend, not necessarily in that order, but that is one of our criteria that we look at with our capital allocation.
William F. Austen: Yes. We really like what we would call health care, okay, which is medical device and pharma. And we have been making investments in that area for quite some time, and good investments for the reasons you stated. It does have good margins. And it has very nice margins and healthy margins. And if you look at our growth in that segment, we're up mid-single digits from a volume growth perspective. So another reason we like that. Also you have very sticky customers in health care and pharma. As long as you continue to produce high-quality, on-time products with new innovation, you keep those customers for a long time. And it's all about quality, it's all about cleanliness, it's all about having world-class manufacturing, which we do. And just along those lines, we talk about our CapEx investment. We just broke ground a couple of weeks ago on an expansion for growth in our health care business here in Wisconsin, a $25 million investment to double the size of one of our health care facilities. And that's about growth. So that's where we're headed with pharma, it's a great question, because that's where we're going.
William F. Austen: Yes. It's not like there's a step function there. As customers begin to commercialize and they begin to trial market and then the trial market goes to -- more of a trial market goes to more states, goes to more regions, it ramps up. So you got to really view the incoming business as a ramp, not a step.
William F. Austen: Yes. We were. We did bring on some business within the quarter that will ramp up through 2015 and we had to get it through trial, we had to get it through customer, I can't think of the word right now, but it's where they do trial marketing. It's taken off quite well. And now, it's going to ramp up as we go through 2015. In the long run, it's -- in baseball terms, it might be a double or a triple, but when you start out, it's a single.
William F. Austen: George, I would say that what you just described as teeth in the incentives, that's going to be a piece of it. But the other part of it is, we've got a vision that's externally focused, okay? It's focused on the markets, it's focused on customers, it's focused on helping those customers succeed in the marketplace versus we've been very internally focused over the last several years. Let's grind out harder, turn the wheel, turn the crank harder. Now we've got to take that and get it focused on the marketplaces, which is what we're doing. Which is why we're growing in our footprint in other parts of the world, which is why customers are asking us to come to other parts of the world and service them the way that we service them in the U.S. It's just getting more customer-centric, if you will, getting more market-centric, where do we have differentiation, where can we drive that differentiation and how do we extrapolate that differentiation from a developed business to an emerging business. And that's helping us grow and that's going to help us grow in the future.
William F. Austen: Thanks. In a simple world, it would be technology, right? We view ourselves as having somewhat of a technology advantage to already be differentiated and continuing to push on that differentiation. It was about 1.5 years ago, we hired a chief technology officer, came in from Dow Chemical. We have now wrapped ourselves around a much different technology model than we had in the past. We've got a technology center where we start to leverage that technology across regions, across market segments, meat and cheese into health care. Meat and cheese into medium barrier snack food packaging for Asia Pacific because the snack food packaging in Asia Pacific is much different than the snack food packaging in the United States. Snack food packaging in Asia has got to have barrier components, it has to have anti-scalping agents. It has to have components that you wouldn't see in snack food in the U.S. So we're able to extrapolate that into the other parts of the world. It's getting this big technology engine that we have at Bemis focused on the customer and focused on the markets and that's what's going to drive our growth.
William F. Austen: Simply, we built a lot of analytics now into what we're doing in pricing. And it's not so much guesswork. We're really looking at the analytics of pricing and value pricing versus I think it should be this, I think it should be that. It's not a cost buildup, it's a price. And it's a market price analysis as to what's the value of this versus the value of something else. So it's really more wrapped around analytics and value pricing.
William F. Austen: I don't want to get real specific on that but -- because it did impact people. But a combination of both, it's a combination of building a better, efficient business in North America, and it's a function of putting in the right skill set for the size of the business that it is today.
William F. Austen: Well, your math is pretty accurate on what Pressure Sensitive was meaning from the sense of earnings per share. But as we take our investments and we put it into flexible packaging, we have much better growth opportunities, more substantial growth opportunities at higher margin rates then we did in Pressure Sensitive Materials. And we can grow the margins.
William F. Austen: I'm sorry, I didn't quite get the question, I got it now. If you look at that business, and as I said earlier, I'm very familiar with it, those margins in that business are going to be, on the best day, 7%, okay? I mean, we're not just going to be able -- we were not going to be able to want to keep that going and invest in our high-margin Flexible Packaging growth areas. So it was best for us to put it into the hands of somebody that wants to invest in it and wants to grow it versus us where we've got our business focused on flexible packaging, our people focused on flexible packaging, and that's where our best opportunities for growth are.
