William Austen: Thanks, Mike. We encountered some significant challenges in our U.S. business this quarter, but have identified three key areas; leadership, human capital and cost structure where we can drive change across our organization. The entire management team and I are committed to transforming our U.S. operations and positioning Bemis to deliver enhanced value to our shareholders. Our path is clear. I remain extremely confident in the long-term success of Bemis. What gives me that confidence? I’ve already seen the change start to permeate through parts of our company.  Healthcare packaging and Latin America are prime examples. We brought in new leadership [indiscernible] and Carlos Santa Cruz and they and their teams are driving change, fostering new ways of thinking, taking accountability to new levels, bringing in new people and changing the financial performance of these businesses. We will continue to drive this across the entire organization. The way we think, the way we act, the way we perform more than ever, we have urgency and intensity to improve. We continue to move our high-end technologies around the world to create growth and develop new markets, specifically in Latin America and Asia. We have the technologies, products, and capabilities to drive this effort further and faster in the long-term and we continue to look for opportunities in new markets that will provide long-term growth for Bemis.  With that, I’ll turn the call over for questions. 
William Austen: Sure. As we came into the year, the U.S. business had put in place aggressive cost takeout projects, goals and objectives, whether it had to do with waste material substitutions, material down-gauging, product redesigns, very aggressive plan and they didn’t get traction within the first quarter. That’s just simply put, they did not get traction on those goals and objectives and it was also a function of the volume coming down because some of those cost takeout programs are also associated with an increase in ramp-up in volume. So, just poor traction in the operation to get cost takeout projects put in place. 
William Austen: Yeah, good question, Anthony. As both Mike and I said in our prepared remarks, our total focus right now is on fixing the U.S. Packaging business. And as I said in my remarks, everything is under evaluation. Everything is under evaluation including CapEx going forward as we go out into the 2018 and 2019 timeframe. But right now our focus and our intention is on fixing the U.S. and we’ll address the go-forward CapEx plan as we get closer to 2018. 
William Austen: Yes, good question again, Anthony. You’ve all read and seen a lot of the articles recently in the past week to two weeks in a lot of the trade journals and/or some of the newspapers about how the large CPG branded companies in the U.S. were surprised and/or disappointed and at unexpected volume declines that were not anticipated in the Q1 period of this year. It’s across the entire big CPG branded category base that we have seen volume call downs and volume’s not at the levels that we were told we would get forecast for in Q1, it’s across health, hygiene, personal care, confection, just the protein, every category of all the big CPGs that we serve whether it’s infant care to feminine care to carbonated soft drinks, it was across the spectrum and as you’ve read and seen, our customers were surprised and they unexpectedly saw their volumes down in the U.S. 
William Austen: Yeah, Scott I don’t see anything that we would have done differently back then that it’s impacting things today. We made the right moves several years ago with that facility consolidation effort post the Alcan acquisition and no nothing we would have done today would be any different. 
William Austen: Scott, it’s a good question. Could we work something into the contracts? I think it has to do with the fact that we need to get better commercially, not necessarily from a contract perspective, but from a communications perspective and intensity perspective and get to the right individuals in the customers’ organization that knows where their volumes are headed. 
William Austen: Yeah. Fred’s approach is quite simple. He came in and just looked at all of the initiatives, all of the things that were taking place within the U.S. Packaging organization and boiled it down to three things. There are three things we’re going to work on and that’s it. Let’s forget about all of the noise around the fringe and work on these three things and that’s the approach he’s taken to the organization, that’s the approach he’s going to take forward and that’s what he and I are going to work on jointly as we turn the U.S. business around; simplification and getting the right resources in the right place. 
William Austen: It’s the market, Mark, we haven’t seen any significant loss of share that took place in Q1 or Q4 of last year for that matter. So it’s a market call down for us. 
William Austen: Yes, yes, I do Ghansham. Again, we’ve got lot of talented people that figure out how to redesign, remanufacture, take cost out lightly down-gauge. We might have to rebalance our effort and when that rebalancing what I’m talking about is our rebalancing in our R&D organization where we have got let’s say overweight toward the development of new products for customers that may or may not get traction versus the rebalance toward how do we take cost out, how do we improve our processes and use those technical resources to do that versus the heavily waiting toward new product development. 
William Austen: Adam, we’re going to face reality right now, our customers aren’t going to grow, that they continue to struggle. We have been given forecast from them about growth. We have been given product specifications that they were going to grow with and it never materialized. So we’re telling the U.S. organization to stop, we’re not going to face into that any longer. We’re going to size the business from flat to down and that’s how we’re going to do this going forward. And that’s what we’re telling them to do, regardless of what our customers are saying that they’re going to bring in. Our customers have been focused on cost out, plant consolidations, plant shutdowns and we’re now going to get real with all that and bring our volume and our capacities and our utilizations down. 
William Austen: Yeah, Adam if you recall, we brought in the consultant to help us with our commercialization effort, it was a quick six week, seven week program. We got that finished and moved on. We started the search for the Head of U.S. Packaging at the June timeframe of last year because it takes that long to find someone to come in and run a business like that. So it takes six months and it took us six months to do that. The two are completely not related. 
William Austen: You know Chris, we changed some leadership in our international business over the course of the last 12 to 18 months. And when you do that, it immediately changes the culture. It changes the way the organization thinks, we brought in people from outside the industry to come in and help run those businesses, it changes the way they look at the business, they way they approach the customers, they way that they look at our ways to add value and they get those business’s cultures moving in the direction that we need them to move.  That’s the – the short of it is that we put in some new leadership, they brought in some new talent, brought in some new ways of thinking, they brought in some new ideas and they energized the organization, both in healthcare and both in our Latin America business. And in Asia-Pacific, that’s a growing organization and that’s all new blood and new ways of doing things right from the get-go. So, Asia’s got great traction on culture change, Latin America’s got great traction on culture change and our healthcare business has got great traction on culture change. With Fred coming in, we’re going to drive that culture change in North America much faster and get out of our legacy ways of doing things and thinking about things. 
William Austen: That is exactly the situation, Chris. When we - we continue to use the innovation center for customer innovations and customer ideations. It’s continuing to be leveraged by our customer base. We are attracting smaller customers as we talked about in the big middle, these smaller upstart customers are coming, we’re working with them, we’re developing new products for them. But let’s face it, when you start up a new product with a small customer, it’s a small order, $1 million, $2 million, $1.5 million and when you get a call down from one of the big branded accounts, it’s a multi-million dollar call down. So the new business does not offset entirely the call down that you get, but you’re continuing to develop new products, we continue to have the innovation engine moving forward, but we’re going to rebalance some of that right now as we go forward. We’re going to rebalance more towards helping take cost out within the U.S. packaging organization, but we won’t stop innovating on the other side. 
William Austen: Yeah, thanks for your question George. You hit the nail on the head, it’s the culture. We’re steeped in tradition and it’s hard to move the culture. And as I explained in an earlier answer, we moved it in Latin America, we moved it in Asia Pacific, we moved it in healthcare, we’re now going to move it -- we’re using this Q1 issue and the reality of our large CPG and brand customers calling -- continuing to call volume down to drive that culture change in North America whereas before it was just legacy.  That’s at the heart at what we’re changing as we go forward. It’s to change the culture to create the urgency, it’s not that this too will pass, we are using this as our opportunity to get embedded with our U.S. Packaging teammates and drive culture change that really gets focused on the intensity of how quickly we can move the organization and how quickly we can take the cost out. Now to that point on the question, we started this work already, we started this work in April, starting to look at okay, how can we start to bring down the cost structure. We feel we get vast majority of it don’t in Q2 and we’ll be able to report out on what our plans are going to be as we leave Q2. 
William Austen: Yes, the recap strategy is still an excellent point in our strategy. We continue to execute on that and that continues to bring us value and our shareholders’ value. Innovation, pushing innovation around the world, that’s how we’re growing our higher margin products in both Asia and in Latin America. We move those technologies from North America and from Europe into those emerging worlds where those technologies don’t exist and that’s at the core of what we’re doing to improve profitability in both Asia and in Latin America.  The next piece comes to cost reductions, completely driven by volume call downs in the U.S. and a footprint that we have some assets that are over 90% to 95% utilized from a capacity perspective and some that are down at the 70% range. So we need to consolidate some of those assets that are in the lower part of the capacity utilization range. It’s just the ongoing evolution of how the business is going to run. We need to be quick and we need to get on it and start to get that work done. We’re not going to sit on our hands. We’re going to get these things done. 
William Austen: Yeah, Fred actually has a 20 year career with General Electric where he ran several businesses at General Electric that were say in the more of the commodity space and he grew the top-line, grew the bottom-line in those businesses, went to Johns Manville and did the exact same thing in the face of the housing downturn in the late-2000s, grew the top-line, grew the bottom-line in all of the businesses that he has been in. It’s about being simple, taking out the clutter and moving the business toward the goal of both growth and profitability improvement and he’s done that time in and time out. 
William Austen: Yeah, the current asset recapitalization program didn’t have any effect on this current call down. It was not affected by any of that. Those assets that we put into recapitalize older pieces of equipment are some of those pieces that are now in the 90 plus percent utilization range because we had the volume already to run across them. And we will continue to focus on taking out older pieces of equipment and recapitalizing where we can gain productivity, efficiency and drive margins. We’re going to continue to do that, that will not stop. 
Michael Clauer: Yes, I did say that about two-thirds of the miss in Q1 is directly related to volume and the associated inefficiencies in manufacturing and one-third was – meaning our cost takeout objectives. 
Michael Clauer: Jason, nothing’s really changed from an M&A perspective. Clearly at the moment, I support of Bill and – had a lot of time being invested in supporting the turnaround of the U.S. operations. We’ve said before that our primary focus has been global and as you’ve seen over the last couple of years, we did an acquisition in Brazil on the healthcare space. So we will always take a look at things, but clearly from a U.S. perspective at this point in time, we’ve got to focus on getting the U.S. business turn around. If something interesting presents itself that makes a lot of sense to Bemis and to be run as a standalone for a period of time, we’d consider it but, at this point, we’re all focused on fixing U.S. Packaging. 
Michael Clauer: Ghansham, what we called out in the press release and in our comments are we are committed to complete that evaluation in Q2 and report it externally. So at this point, we have not given a cost or a benefit outlook. 
Michael Clauer: Arun, at this point in time we’re really focused on just getting the U.S. fixed. We’re not looking at ‘18 yet at this point in time. Clearly, we’re still committed to grow this business over the long-term and we will continue to use our free cash flow as we always have to pay a dividend and buyback stock. As I mentioned earlier, acquisition growth is still important to us and primarily in our global business, but at this point in time, we’re really going to try to – focused on getting the U.S. fixed, get it back on the track and then we’ll come back later in the year and talk about the future. 
Michael Clauer: Arun, as you guys know, we don’t typically comment on acquisition activity but I’ll just reiterate again that we at this point in time, we still feel it’s really important to be an investment grade company. We look at acquisitions in a point that we could absorb it without putting that at risk and we do, as most of you know, we did bring very talented individual in last year in the first quarter to kind of really get us a lot more focused, a lot more discipline and rigor around what’s in the market, what’s come in the market or what we should actually own. 
