George Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for the details. Couple of questions to start. Number one, recognizing that the operational issues were the reason why you lowered the top end of the guidance why did you maintain the low end of the guidance? Was it just cushion you had in the model? Was it a little bit of the benefit you are getting from Stericycle if you would comment there? And then again, within guidance, can you remind us, Bill, what are you looking for in terms of volumes for the two segments over the remainder of the year? Thank you.
George Staphos: Thanks for taking my follow-up. I guess first thing I want to come to is when we look at the asset recapitalization program, Mike you said – and Bill you said we won’t see this repeat in terms of margin performance at the same pace in the next few quarters, I was wondering if you could – I saw the fact that you did pretty well in the first quarter, provide some color as to why you think the pace of improvement won’t continue at the same rate. And then as you look at the mix of returns that you are getting across the end markets that you are running now more efficiently because of the recap program, what’s been some of the surprises, either positively or negatively in terms of return by end market, would you be able to talk to that a little bit? Thanks.
George Staphos: Hi, guys. Some last ones from me just to finish up. Obviously, you have got your hand on the pulse in terms of the operational issues in the Global Packaging segment. From where we sit, obviously, we are not to be able to get a heck of a lot of visibility in terms of how you are proceeding against your plan for obvious reasons. If you were in our shoes, aside from second quarter reporting season and the results that you put out in your comments there, is there anything – any mile markers you would guide us to, to know or have a bit more comfort that you are resolving those operational issues? That’s question number one. My question number two, I think you mentioned that working capital was a little bit below – or efficiency was a little bit below your plan for the quarter. Can you remind us what was driving that? And then lastly, you said you talked about capital structure and the cycle suggesting you have a view on where we are in the cycle. And if you do, could you sort of add a bit more color there in terms of your expectations for the next couple of years? Thanks.
Bill Austen: Yes. On volumes, George, what we said on the last call for U.S. Packaging volumes would be flat in the first half and pickup in the second half of the year for a plus 1 total year. We still see that in our sites. And on global, we see up 4% volume in – for 2016, that’s what we said on the last call and that’s where we are today still.
Bill Austen: Sure. This is Bill. If you look at the overall company, if you go around the globe, U.S. Packaging is just what I just said. We see flat in the first half and our volumes picking up in the second half, primarily due to some innovation that comes on-stream and orders that come up on on-stream in the second half of the year versus the first half. If you look at the rest of the global business, demand is good. Order rates are good around the world. Latin America, Argentina is solid. We see good demand in Mexico. For flexibles, good demand in Brazil for flexibles. And coming out of the issue, the operational issues we had in Q1 based on margarine edible fat demands, those volumes are now starting to pick-up to levels that would be acceptable. Europe, we continue to see 1% growth across Europe in our protein business. And in Asia Pacific, we are continuing to see demands in that low single-digit range.
Bill Austen: As we built our model around raw materials, we have taken the volatility out of our earnings due to whatever happens with raw materials, so we really don’t see our position impacted from a raw material perspective on the competitive front. What others have built into their models for raw materials, we don’t know. But ours, we see as – we built a sound model, where we don’t have variance in our earnings because of raw material.
Bill Austen: We have a rigid business in Brazil. If you go through across the whole region, Argentina is in great shape, Mexico is in great shape, flexibles across the entire region was in great shape. So what were the operational issues we suffered was solely dedicated to our rigid business in Brazil. A large percentage of that business is dedicated to manufacture of margarine tubs. The margarine producers jacked prices up. The retailers pushed back. They squelched our volumes and what our team did down there was what most teams would do, think that those volumes are going to come back and they waited too long. Coupled with that, one of our large margarine producers happen to have a plant fire, so the plant fire took several weeks out of production at one of our facilities, compounded with the fact that retailers stopped drawing margarine. It’s costly to take variable cost out meaning severance charges are expensive in Brazil. Our team thought this was going to be a short-term issue, meaning weeks. It turned out to be quarter-long, so they struggled. And it wasn’t a communication issue. It was a decision they made not to take out the variable, semi-variable costs because they thought the volumes were going to come back. They didn’t. We are now much – we are in a much better position now, having gotten in line. Orders are ramping back up again, coming back to normal levels in that margarine segment. And the fire, that plant is back up and running again.
Bill Austen: Yes, ramping up through the second quarter. It’s not something that we are going to get in line tomorrow. It will take the quarter to get it back in line.
Bill Austen: Yes. Bigger picture, if you step back and you look at what we are today, we are very focused on polymer-based packaging. So you are not going to see things like paper and liner board and things like that for us to look at in adjacency in, Anthony. We are going to look at adjacencies that are in the polymer space and it would be polymer barrier, alright. So any other types of polymer-based packaging that would incorporate barrier, incorporate high graphics, incorporate barrier fitments. Those are the areas that we have on our radar screen that we have on our list of other types of technologies that we want to get into, where we could leverage our material chemists and our material science guys to create something different. So those are the spaces that we are looking at.
Bill Austen: Yes, I think as you look at Q1, Mark, some of – there is always some seasonality on what would be the higher margin profile types, meat, cheese types of markets in Q1. You come out of a Q4, where a lot of companies build up their inventories. They slow down in Q1 and they start to pick up toward the tail end of Q1, but you don’t see those sales into Q2, Q3 for, I hate to say it, but summer grilling season and a lot kind of stuff, right, that’s where you see that pickup. But if you look at what’s going on with us right now in U.S., for the last two quarters, our recap program is starting to gain a lot of traction and you are seeing those what we would call our less differentiated products picking up the volumes of the down seasonality in the higher end, higher barrier end of the markets, so that we have got a much better position from a volume perspective, which has been our strategy all along with that recap program to attack the less differentiated products, so we can continue to grow margins and maintain and grow volumes in that end of the business.
Bill Austen: Well, if you look – if you went to the IRI data, you would see that some of those protein markets were down in Q1. So, we just follow that seasonality down in Q1, comes back in Q2 because now the customers are filling their pipelines again. And we have made up those volumes in the less-differentiated product categories.
Bill Austen: I can’t specifically say that we are seeing it from any one specific food processor, Mark, but we are seeing volumes – we are seeing increasing volume in our less differentiated product categories.
Bill Austen: No, not at all, Adam. Quite frankly, we looked at that scenario, but based on antitrust issues that we would have had the leftover U.S. piece and nothing to do with it. We wouldn’t have had any exit strategy for the U.S. had we sold the European piece outright. So, no, not surprised, it’s what we had thought.
Bill Austen: Yes, yes. From the expansion, we have been shipping product from October. We moved the last piece – several pieces of equipment in late December, January into that facility from Philadelphia and it was bringing the labor force up on those critical pieces of equipment where we stumbled. And it was – we are now producing at above the levels we need to be at to work through the backlog. So, we have been shipping from there right throughout the whole cycle.
Bill Austen: The reason that healthcare packaging is in global is because that’s a global, around the world business for us. We have plants everywhere that serve the same customers with the same specs. So, we add that into the global business and not part of the U.S. business. We don’t have broken out what components might get shipped from there that end up going outside of the United States. We would ship to somebody in the U.S. and then they might ship it outside the U.S.
Bill Austen: Sure. I can’t speak to what’s going on with polyethylene prices other than there was a nickel that was – went into the market in March, that’s a function of the polyethylene providers’ capacity, capacity utilization, what outages they have coming, which outages are underway right now. So I can’t speak to that. I can speak to the fact that there was a nickel that went in, in March. Volumes, we are on our track for volumes right now. We said we would be flat in the first half. We still see that is happening and we see volumes in the back half of the year in U.S. Packaging being up for a total year of plus one. And globally, we are seeing good, solid demands across the globe in all of our global packaging entities in Latin America, Asia, Europe and healthcare. So we are on our pace to where we wanted to be in 2016.
Bill Austen: Yes. Just go back to our CapEx guidance this year. We are on pace to hit that. We re continuing with our asset recapitalization program in North America with presses, rewinders, film lines, taking out old equipment, bringing in new, reducing our costs, expanding our margins. That’s the plan we have been on and that’s what we are going to stay on. We are still in the early innings there as we have 27 plants across the U.S. And there is a portion of recap that can certainly be utilized in all those plants. But we prioritize them using 15% return on invested capital over a 5-year average and that is what we are continuing to pace and see with all the projects that are coming in. So you are going to see our recap program continue to gain traction through 2016.
Bill Austen: Yes. Chris, we have room to grow in the healthcare space, okay. Because basically when we move from Philly to Oshkosh, it was a new facility, but it also recapped that new facility because of all the older assets, slower speeds, narrower webs that we are running through the Philadelphia facility. So we have got room to grow within the healthcare space as we built out that new facility. And it was done with that in mind.
Bill Austen: I will address where we are seeing the project activity, I guess is the best way for me to put it. And that, when I say project activity those are stage gate projects. We are seeing good stage gate projects and traction in liquid. Again that’s the conversion of glass and cans to flexibles. Protein, good projects in the protein space, we are also seeing good projects and commercialization of projects in the medical space, which is for film and coated Tyvek. So as well as in pharma with our CXB product and that’s a global product that we are taking to all the pharma companies around the world. So we have got good traction through stage gate in basically the vast majority of our segments.
Bill Austen: Sure. George, the first part of your question has to do with why we won’t see that extraordinary ramp up of margins as we go through the rest of the year.
Bill Austen: Yes. No, you just recall, this is first quarter. So at the end of the year, we got a lot of equipment that comes down for maintenance, for outages, for the holidays. And normally, as you ramp that equipment back up again, you incur a lot of waste, a lot of scrap, you are not quite there with throughput, you are not running the right spec. We had a great startup in North America this year, okay. That being completely transparent, we had really good startup in North America. Again, that goes to good effort by our plant teams, newer equipment that starts up easier, starts up quicker, doesn’t have all the startup waste that some of the older equipment might have had. So on a year-over-year, first quarter to first quarter basis, we might have seen 40 basis points to 50 basis points of margin improvement just from that lower waste, lower scrap, getting online quicker than we have in the past. And second part of your question about margins across segments, when we put in those recap pieces of equipment, we step up margin without – as we have talked, without having to adjust market pricing. So we are able to do that across the board, whether it’s in bread bags, whether it’s in non-barrier polyethylene type markets. And we are going to continue to do that as we go forward. I can’t give you specific numbers across those market segments, but just know that we are expanding margins in that less differentiated product categories.
Bill Austen: Sure Mark. We have received some nice orders from a large processor here in the United States and we are ramping up the sales of that product to that customer and we will be fully on-stream in Q3 with that customer at full run rate orders.
Mike Clauer: Scott, this is Mike. Also keep in mind we are actually – I am going to make a – I want you all to read this. We are going to take capacity down, meaning we are going to take shifts out. We might – if the plant has 20 pieces of equipment, we might take two down because that was the other part of the problem, was they had staffed themselves to forecast that wasn’t being hit. What we are going to do now is we are going to use over time to flex manufacturing up in the event we get a spike in production.
Mike Clauer: Yes. I will start with the Techpack down in Latin America. Number one, we don’t compete with them at all. We don’t – we are not in the same markets. We had spent time with the company about a year ago. It’s a nice business. There had been a lot of talk. It was going to come into a process. I applaud Amcor for being preemptive. I think it’s a nice foothold for them. I don’t feel bad about it because I don’t view it as changing any of the competitive landscape in Latin America. As far as our pipeline, yes there is a lot of activity going on. There is assets coming into the market. Healthcare again, as you indicated would be a high priority of ours, but also geographic expansion. So we are excited about SteriPack and we have other things that we are working on. Multiples, we are still seeing for kind of food, flexible food type assets, you are 8x, 9x-ish. In healthcare, you are going to be 9x to 11x depending on the asset and the growth profiles. But that’s kind of what we continue to see.
Mike Clauer: Well, my view of buybacks is kind of what I said in my comment is that we are going to return our free cash flow to our shareholders over a 3-year to 5-year period of time via dividend and share repurchase.
Mike Clauer: First of all, the margin profile of SteriPack was very comparable to our existing business, so low single-digits. So, we are excited with that. It’s low-teens.
Mike Clauer: I am sorry, low-teens. The synergies we see with SteriPack, number one, the biggest synergy is the fact that once we can get our films qualified, we will be able to use that in their packaging business. So today, they are going to be buying most of their film structures from outside of competitors of Bemis, so that’s a pretty meaningful synergy. Also moving those, the production into – in the U.S. and Malaysia into our facilities, there is quite a bit of margin enhancement just from those plants where we are really being used for the piece of business that the founders are going to keep, which is contract manufacturing. So, we will get a nice margin uplift there. And as Bill mentioned, we have no intentions of a facility consolidation, but we have two plants now within a couple of hours of each other that we will definitely go after the SG&A side of that equation to make sure we run both those plants as kind of one plant over a long period of time. So, those are the type of synergies that we fully expect. We don’t see any this year. And a lot of that’s just really driven by as you guys know in the healthcare packaging, things take a little bit of time to get qualified.
Mike Clauer: Well, to be completely honest, I mean the reason we didn’t move on our free cash flow guidance is because our outlook and our projections still suggest that, that’s a very achievable number. And I would expect a modest add to cash flow as a result of SteriPack during the year.
Mike Clauer: It’s going to be – it’s going to continue in both Q1 and Q2. And I think somebody asked an earlier question, was flat good? Flat was good from the standpoint we were still lapping the Capri Sun business in Q1 and will continue in Q2.
Mike Clauer: George, this is Mike. And just to clarify my comment, our guidance for U.S. pack, our guidance would suggest U.S. Packaging for the balance of the year would be 70 basis point to 90 basis point improvement, I just didn’t want people running away with 190, thinking that’s where we are going to stay at that pace. We are still going to stay at what I consider a really good pace as we drive towards our long-term horizon goals.
Mike Clauer: Yes, this is – it’s really about the allocation. We put a lot of effort into the optimum ratings that we wanted. And the work that was completed suggests that our current rating of investment grade, BBB for better terms is where we should be, but that doesn’t suggest, number one that we have to have leverage down at 2.1x. It says we can be more comfortable at 2.5x. And the big change in the strategy is we are going to prioritize first our needs for growth and recapitalization of CapEx. And then put it simply, we are going to return free cash flow to our shareholders via dividend and the share repurchase. And we will use leverage to do our acquisitions. That’s the simplest way I can put it, Mark, of how we are looking at this going forward. And we are always going to be looking on a forward horizon and what we feel about our free cash flow and what kind of M&A activity might be imminent. And if there is nothing imminent that we need, we would return that cash to our shareholders.
Mike Clauer: Okay. First of all, there is – I mean, we don’t talk in between quarter ends, so unfortunately, there really would be no way for you to know if things are getting better prior to us releasing Q2 earnings. So, that’s just – that’s a fact.
Mike Clauer: You would see it in Q2, the Global Packaging margins get back on pace with where they should be like that would be an indicator that it’s improving. The comment on over the cycle on investment grade, we don’t have visibility into where we are in the cycle. What we did is we looked at a 10-year period of time and the optimum level to be at from a borrowing perspective. And quite honestly, from how.....
Mike Clauer: Availability in the markets and also linked to how stock of companies perform that is just the best place to be over a long period of time. I mean, so that was meant by that comment.
Mike Clauer: On the working capital, yes, we missed – my internal expectations, was about a $9 million miss and that was primarily in heavier inventories in our U.S. operations. I think it’s pretty hard to peg this thing exactly where it needs to be on a quarter-to-quarter basis. However, we have sat down with the group and they fully understand that we have cash flow – operating cash flow objectives like we have the EPS objectives. And there is an expectation that we get this inventory back to where we, including the business that actually helped develop those objectives get it back in line as we go through the year.
