Ronald Delia: Thanks, Michael. Just in closing our opening remarks today and come back to where we started, Amcor had a strong first-half to the 2021 fiscal year with results ahead of our expectations and growth balanced across the businesses and regions, and the strong start and momentum in the business has translated into higher expectations for the full-year and we raised our outlook for fiscal 2021. We've also increased cash returns to shareholders through a higher dividend and an additional $200 million of share repurchases, and we continue to believe that the Amcor investment case has never been stronger with consistent organic growth and momentum building, substantial capacity to invest to grow and also to maintain an attractive dividend. With that, operator, we'll open the line up for Q&A.
Ronald Delia: Yes. No, it’s a good question. It's a real highlight. Look, I think, as we look across the business, that is a standout in terms of volume. I think there's a couple of things going on there. Firstly, retail sales are very strong and our volumes track pretty closely to what we're seeing at retail for some of the main categories that we supply hot-fill containers for. So hot-fill juices, iced teas, isotonics, those categories have been very strong throughout the whole first-half and especially in the second quarter. I think it's a combination of things, Keith. There's some additional sales going through multi-packs and big box retailers, which are certainly helping. There's an introduction of the new products. Our customer mix has been quite favorable and I think all of those things are contributing. I mean, clearly, these are higher growth rates than we would normally see. This is a segment that should grow kind of low-to-mid single digits. So it’s a particularly strong period.
Ronald Delia: Look, I think some of the things that I mentioned will persist for a while, but not at this level, Keith. I think, as we look around demand patterns, there's a couple of anomalies that stand out for us. On the negative side, we've had soft healthcare volumes across the business. On the positive side, we've had strong beverage volumes. Both of those have to be influenced to some extent by at-home consumption and other COVID-related factors. So it's very difficult to predict that aspect of it. But I think some of the underlying trends around new product launches, multi-pack sales, some of our particular customers gaining share, those things we would expect to continue. But all of that is incorporated into our overall guidance for the full fiscal year.
Ronald Delia: Yes. Look, to the first part of your question, I might just address first. I think, we feel increasingly confident about the $180 million that we committed to. So I think we would expect to exit at the end of this fiscal year, we would be exiting at a run rate that would be at that level. Now it's also getting increasingly difficult to pull apart what’s the synergy versus what's the base business driver. I mean, as you can imagine, the businesses are completely integrated now. As far as what's driving the performance, generally speaking, I think we've probably exceeded our expectations across the three big cost synergy buckets. So overheads, which came out faster and probably yielded a bit more benefit than we would've thought that the procurement savings have been higher than we would have expected, and footprint which is building momentum is also positively contributing. And I guess if we're thinking about this year, in particular, we've gotten some more footprint benefits than we thought we might be able to given the COVID backdrop, which makes those projects difficult to execute.
Ronald Delia: Yes. Look, that's the question, Mark. And we - like everyone else, we spend a lot of time trying to unpack that. And the conclusion we've come to is that, we really had no net impact one way or the other. And the way we get there, if you just take the big chunks of drivers, we've had a lot of extra costs in the business and increasingly so as we've continued to operate. And we've had lots of folks out on quarantine. We've had lots of overtime to backfill those people. We have lots of extra shipping going around in the rigids business. So there's a lot of costs to be born in this environment, first of all. And then the offset to that is obviously some stronger volumes in certain segments like the beverage segment that we talked about a minute or two ago. The offset is, commercially is healthcare, which is a really high-margin, attractive profitable segment for us has been really soft. Medical device consumption generally has been very low with less elective procedures, surgeries, and otherwise prescriptions have been way down, and so the sales in that healthcare business have been way off. So higher costs in many parts of the business, some strong sales in some segments like beverage, offsetting some weak sales in medical and pharmaceutical, the net-net of all those puts and takes as we look at the business is really not much. And 3% sales growth is not too far off where we've been historically. We've been at about 2% over the last five or six years, and the profit growth is flowing from that, plus the cost performance and synergies in the business. So I mean, we do a lot of work on this and there's a lot of interest in it, but our conclusion is there's really no net impact.
Ronald Delia: Yes. I mean, I’ll start with that part of your question. You asked about the political environment. I would maybe broaden that to just say the general environment, political, consumer, customer and otherwise. I mean, the short answer I would give you is, you asked how we see that environment evolving. And the short answer I would say is, it's improving and it's improving for a couple of reasons. One that you highlighted already, which is that I think the value of packaging and the role it plays in food and healthcare has become even more evident over the last 12 months. I don't know that we need to spend a lot of time explaining that. But I think the idea of packaged food is clear, I think, the distribution of medicines, and now we see vaccines and how important packaging is and the delivery devices are in that process. So I think the value of packaging has increased in the eyes of pretty much any observer. As it relates to plastic, I think the other thing that's happening, which is quite helpful is an increasing focus on greenhouse gases and climate. And I think as people and stakeholders get more and more educated holistically on the environmental impacts of different types of packaging, I think increasingly, plastic scores pretty well. And that's why we continue to see our customers very focused on finding better alternatives for the end-of-life of their packaging. But increasingly focused on doing what they're doing today with lighter weight and better functionality. I think that the point you made about funding waste collection, extended producer responsibility, things like that, that has a role because clearly, we need the waste management infrastructure in place around the world to address the waste problem that we have, and that needs to be funded. And there are good successful models where funding that's generated through EPRs goes directly to waste infrastructure and can certainly help alleviate the problem. There's nothing wrong with that. We're in favor of well-designed EPRs. And as long as they're focused and we targeted at the right level of infrastructure. So generally speaking, the environment has improved. We expected to continue to improve as people get more educated on the total topic.
Ronald Delia: Yes. Volumes were very comparable from Q1 to Q2. There was a bit of momentum picking up into Q2, particularly in Europe, where we had more of a sluggish Q1, I would say rather than an extraordinary Q2. We're in the low-single digits across both quarters. And we would expect that to continue into the second-half. Again, I think, when you net it all out to healthcare softness more than offset any extra volumes in some of the food segments, and so the low single-digit performance that we had in the first-half is more or less what we would expect to see in both of those big businesses.
Ronald Delia: Yes. John it’s a good question. It was definitely a modest headwind in the Flexible segment. We have no impact really in Rigids because the pass-through mechanisms are quite frequent. But in Flexibles, our raw material pass-through is going to affect every three to six months. And so we did have a bit of a lag in the first-half, really in the second quarter, relatively modest. And we would expect some continued headwinds into this quarter, but again, that's factored into our guidance. And then you know from looking at this over time, the pass-through and recovery mechanisms are well-refined in Amcor. Any impacts we have positive or negative are just timing.
Ronald Delia: Brook, we would think for the foreseeable future, it's a share opportunity and a margin opportunity. And that's because of the differentiation that we're going to bring to the more complicated aspects of the whole equation. So when we look at some of the products we've launched in the last three, four or five months that are more sustainable. If we look at the reportable pouch for pet food, and then the human food version that we launched with Mars for microwavable rice, I mean, that's just a different better mouse trap. And we've got the only product on the market that's got that sustainability profile. So clearly there's an opportunity there to take share. There's also obviously a higher level of value that's delivered to the customer in those two instances. We've got a PVDC-free shrink film called Eco-Tite, which is another example for protein. I mean, again, all of these – the more differentiated they are, the more opportunity for share, and ultimately margin for the foreseeable future. There'll be a point down the road – well down the road where some of those types of products will be expected. But certainly in the short and medium-term, and for as long as we can see, we're going to have a big advantage that should turn into some commercial benefits.
Ronald Delia: Well, I think you're going to see it continue to flow through the sales line, and I think you're going to continue to see margin expansion, and that will be a more meaningful part. Sustainability dimension of our products will be a more meaningful part of the topline as well as the margin line. At the same time, we'll be managing the mix and we'll be exiting certain products as well. And so I think it will come out in the wash, but it clearly sets us apart from our competition and that's got to be nothing, but positive from a commercial perspective.
Ronald Delia: That would be a good question. I think there's incredible demand for PCR. In fact, you asked about limitations and you went to the technical thresholds. And the answer to that one is really, there are no technical thresholds, Kyle. We're making containers pretty much for every segment now and a 100% PCR in the Rigids business. The consumption of recycled resin in the Rigids business has dramatically increased in the last 18 months, even despite the COVID backdrop. So we’ve gone from about 4% or 5% of the resin that we processed to exiting December at about 10% of the total resin that we processed in that business. And that number will go up again by June. So there really is no limit. There is no technical limit to the amount of recycled content we can use in a container. We're making plenty with all PCR. The constraint maybe at a point in time, not too far into the future limitation on supply. And so we along with our customers and consumers is back obviously are sending every demand signal possible that there is going to be an appetite to source PCR. So I'm not sure where the disconnect is.
Ronald Delia: Well, it is a premium at the moment and there typically has been, but there's also a value premium as well. And so I think there’s the cost plus aspect to the pricing mechanism, but more importantly, this is going to be an expected input to the end product that we're making and that our customers are packaging their products. And so I think it's – I wouldn't want to say it doesn't matter what the cost is, clearly it will. But there is a premium, I think there's a demonstration in practice that there's a willingness to pay that premium.
Ronald Delia: Yes. Those are really good examples of having a differentiated product and a differentiated offering that even the customers now are trying to reconcile and get their heads around in terms of what they can and can't do. The AmLite structure and the basic chemistry behind it, is got wide application. So we've launched the product for pet food first. And then we've also more recently announced the rice package that essentially uses similar technology. The demand has been really far exceeded our expectations. And now we're going to have to scale up the capacity which is a good thing to deliver against that demand. But it's a good example of solving the problem that didn't seem to have a really easy answer maybe 12 months ago for these big brand owners and also their smaller competitors. So I’d say watch this space on AmLite. There's incredible appetite not only from the European customer base where the product was first launched, but also around the world. India, Brazil, obviously North America, China, there are kind of advanced orders or a book build if you were taking place globally for that structure. On Eco-Tite, this is a recycle-ready structure, but maybe even more importantly, right now it's a PVDC structure or PVDC-free structure, sorry, for protein, which is also a major concern for many brand owners to get PVDC and chlorides out of their packaging. And so this one has been targeted at the European protein market. In the first instance, there's a lot of take up there where that material is of particularly high concern. It's pretty early days, but I would expect that demand to start to also come from the other regions of the world as well. So I mean you alluded to it neither of these products are going to change the overall revenue profile of the company in a given quarter, but over time, the cumulative momentum of products like these is going to help generate a good topline growth and good margin.
Ronald Delia: Yes. Look George, the organic performance of the business is pretty similar from period-to-period. In fact, we had a modest pickup in the base business, organic growth let's say from Q1 into Q2. Q2 was modestly higher than Q1 from an organic growth perspective. I think what you're seeing is just the comp, just a year-on-year impact of the synergy capture, which in the prior year was three to six to nine months into the acquisition. And a lot of low hanging fruit drove higher synergy benefits in those first couple of periods. So we're just cycling higher levels of synergy in the prior year. And over time, that's going to continue to dissipate as a comp. But the organic performance of the business actually picked up a bit and we expect it to sort of stay at that level and build momentum through the second-half as well.
Ronald Delia: Yes. It's a great observation, Larry. First of all, you've watched this for a long time. We're active acquirers and we would expect to continue to acquire. So that's the first priority is to reinvest in the business, grow the business, continue to consolidate and acquire. And we're certainly going to get increasingly active as the Bemis integration and synergy capture comes to a close. And we'd be actively looking at it now as you'd imagine. And the benefit of doing a non-market buyback is flexibility. So if we were to come across an opportunity that required more capital, we could always suspend the share repurchases. Although, as you also know, most of the deals in our space are pretty small. So in all likelihood, we could fund acquisitions and continue the share repurchases. I think the last point I would make comes to the way you asked the question, which is around value. And I think, we would say as we look across the industry, yes, asset values are relatively high. But the best value in the industry right now is Amcor. And so what better time to buy shares in the company than right now, where we have clear line of sight into where the business is traveling and the momentum that the business had. So we would never try to be stock pickers here, but from a value perspective, we think Amcor is probably the best value in the sector at the moment.
Ronald Delia: Look, there's not a whole lot of deals getting done, right? So the mark-to-markets, if you own the private assets, only happen when there's a transaction. There's been a lot of cross, I would say on the deals that have been done. So there are certainly asset prices that have been pretty high and the market will pay what the market will pay for a public equity. And I think it becomes more of a relative game in the public markets, relative attractiveness of the sector and the players in it to all the other alternatives in the public markets. And there's just a lot of excitement around certain growth segments that maybe seen more appealing to people at this point in time.
Ronald Delia: Really good progress, and it is a great opportunity. I mean, you've flagged it. And we've also flagged it in different forums. We've been after it in Rigids for a long time in the regional beverage space. We continue to see double-digit growth from those customers. Flexibles, the legacy Bemis business had identified this as a market segment, if you will, that offers some really attractive characteristics, but they also continue to – that business also continues to generate higher than average growth, higher than the rest of the portfolio. I think as far as the impact on the overall result, you have – maybe there's the challenge of small numbers, but very high growth rates. So I would say watch this space over time, it continues to be a part of the market that we're excited about.
Ronald Delia: Yes. It’s a good question. If you break it down, I mean, I wouldn't give you a number, but what I would say is dramatically, a lot of the design work that we do is with customers. In many cases, we actually get reimbursed for that work. And there's a lot of activity in both Manchester, Michigan in the Rigids business, and in Wisconsin, in the Flexibles business in North America doing design work that has also at times been done by advertising agencies. So that's an increasing part of the activity, but also one that quite often we get compensated for. We also on the other end of the spectrum do advanced technology development on material science, films, barriers, and things that will benefit the business in the medium-term. And in the middle is where most of the spend is, which is application development and product development and product commercialization. If I was to use the 80/20 rule, I would say probably 70% or 80% of it is in that middle area.
Ronald Delia: Well, I think it's becoming more of an increasing barriers to entry. There's a lot of announcements, particularly around sustainability and product attributes. There's announcements every week. And you could imagine that would be across all of those and also across what we believe to be that the makeup of some of those products. And we maintain that on the products that we've highlighted here today, that we have the only solutions in the marketplace that have the attributes that we described. So in terms of the broader competitive environment, nothing has changed of any substance. I think, it's never been a place where you see really rapid changes in the competitive set, and we're not necessarily seeing that today.
Ronald Delia: I think that's the kind of thing that plays itself out over time. I mean, if you take up a 10-year view, it winds up actually pretty well. And we would expect over the following 10 years, it will line up pretty well again. From time-to-time, again, there's relative valuations in a public market that makes certain sectors and certain industries more or less attractive. I think there's a bit of that over the last few years as well as segments sectors like tech and others have really had incredible returns. So I would expect over time that to converge as they have historically.
Ronald Delia: Well let me start with the first part, and then Michael can talk about the second part, which is around the reinvestment profile of that business going forward. I mean, look at the moment, we're at a comfortable utilization level and an efficient utilization level, probably with the exception of Rigids more recently as Michael alluded to. So when we talk about extraordinary costs to service, extraordinary demand, that is one of the outcomes of running a very, very high capacity utilization, probably too high over time. Now we don't expect that to continue as we've talked about. But other than that segment, and then the inverse would be true at healthcare where the demand has been soft. Generally speaking, we're running at a more normal level of utilization. And then as far as what does that mean for capital going forward, maybe Michael can talk to that point.
Ronald Delia: Thanks, operator, and thanks to the participants on the line for all the questions. Just to close off where we started, we had a strong first-half to fiscal 2021. Results are ahead of our expectations and performance balanced across the businesses. That start is translated into higher expectations for the full-year and so we've raised our outlook for fiscal 2021. We've also increased cash returns to shareholders through a higher dividend and $200 million of additional repurchases. And then we conclude with probably the most important point, which is that we continue to believe that the Amcor investment case has never been stronger. Thanks very much, operator. And with that, we'll close the call.
Michael Casamento: Hi there. It’s Michael here. I can probably take that one. Look, we're really pleased with the overall performance of Rigids for the half. As you said, the volume growth was 6%. We had some price mix benefit, largely that was recovery of inflation in Latin America. So when you see that then the leverage through the P&L, we grew 10% for the half. So we're pretty pleased with that. Some of the – we had positive mix as well in the hot fill container business. The offset really which Ron has touched on this before, as we did have some higher operating costs during the period just to deal with that, that’s really strong demand both in labor and then shuttling and freight costs around the network just to be able to meet the demand for our customers. So putting that all together, we were really pleased with where the growth ended up for the half in the Rigids business.
Michael Casamento: Yes. Look, John, I think it would depend on what the costs were and what the reason was. I mean, typically, with demand that the level that we had this period there is some shuttling and moving around the network that we have to do to meet the customer demand. And from a labor standpoint, as Ron touched on, part of that was due to higher absentee levels, typically in Q2, due to COVID. So you'd expect perhaps some of that normalizes over time and would have less and less of an impact. But regardless, when you have strong demand like that, you are going to see some cost increase.
Michael Casamento: Yes. Look, it's largely fading, Brook. It was particularly in Q1 where we had some higher cost from a fading standpoint around insurance claims and just timing of management incentives and the like. As we look forward, we'd expect that to more normalize. The full-year level, we're not providing guidance. We'd expect corporate cost to be – they're about perhaps slightly higher than last year on the back of inflation and other things. But generally speaking, we expect a more normalized view of the timing year-end.
Michael Casamento: Yes, I can take that one. To your question, I think, look, we've given a relatively wide range on the cash flow of $1 billion to $1.1 billion. With these guidance upgrades, what we're seeing is that we would expect now probably more to be at the upper end of that $1 billion to $1.1 billion range. So we haven't raised the guidance at this stage, we'd say we're going to be at the upper end of that range. If that changes, we'll come back to you.
Michael Casamento: Yes. Sure, Ron. Yes, so look, I mean, capital expenditure, I think last year we spent around $400 million, probably that was a year after the acquisition, which probably was a little lighter than we normally have. Typically we invest around depreciation a little bit more depending on what the requirements were in any given period. But this year, look, we're expecting that probably around 10% above where we were last year. So around that $450 million range, and that's really taking into account some of those additional needs for growth CapEx across the network and new technologies as well. So I think as we look forward, that's kind of where we see the CapEx – in that $400 million to $500 million range, which we think is sufficient – more than sufficient to cover the expanding growth requirements and the technological advancement.
