Ron Delia: Thanks, Tracey. And thanks, everyone, for joining us to discuss Amcor's first half results for the 2020 financial year. As Tracey mentioned, with me here today is Michael Casamento, Amcor's Chief Financial Officer. And we'll begin with some brief prepared remarks and then open the line for Q&A. Let's start with Slide 3 in the presentation pack. Everything we do at Amcor starts with safety and so safety is where we begin these calls as well. For some time now, our role has been no injuries and we're not there yet. But we continue to believe it's possible and we see evidence of that with over 150 of our sites injury free for six months or more. And our overall recordable case frequency rate for the half was 3.2 per million man hours’ work. The rates related to Amcor business during that period was 2.1. And we know from past experience that acquired businesses typically have higher numbers of injuries, and this is no different with Bemis. So our primary focus this year remains on aligning the Amcor's safety practices across all of our sites, and on building on the progress we made in the first six months where we had a 6% reduction in injuries across the company. We look forward to providing updates throughout the year as we drive towards eliminating all injuries. Moving to the five key messages we have for today on Slide 4. First, we've had a good first half with the business delivering solid earnings growth and strong cash flow. Second, taking into account the good first half performance, organic growth expectations for the rest of the year and faster delivery of synergies, our outlook for constant currency EPS growth has improved to a range of 7% to 10% for the year. Third, integration of the Bemis business is progressing well, not only in relation to synergies but also in terms of the organic earnings growth delivered by the business, as well as the opportunities we see to leverage our customer value proposition, which has been improved as a result of the combination. Fourth, we're continuing to lead the way on sustainability. We're uniquely positioned, fully committed and taking action on multiple fronts. And then finally, our market positions and our exposure to defensive consumer segments leave us very well positioned to continue generating consistent returns for shareholders, regardless of macroeconomic conditions. Slide 5 provides a summary of the first half results where we delivered strong overall earnings growth, synergies at a faster pace than we had initially expected. And we returned a significant amount of cash to shareholders. Sales were generally consistent with what we saw in the first quarter. Sales revenue down 1.4% in constant currency terms and excluding the negative impact related to pass through of lower input costs. Volumes grew modestly in our larger flexible packaging businesses in Europe and North America, and there is no volume impact on sales in Rigid packaging. However, sales were lower in Flexibles Latin America, and especially cartons. EBIT was up 4.4% in constant currency terms with 8% EBIT growth in the Flexibles segment, driven by mid single-digit organic growth, plus synergy benefits of approximately $20 million. Earnings were lower in the Rigid Packaging segment as we highlighted would be the case on our first quarter earnings call. EPS increased by 11% in constant currency terms, and the Board declared a quarterly dividend of $0.115 per share. Free cash flow before dividends was strong and we returned more than $600 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases during the half. Before handing over to Michael, who will cover financials in some more detail, just a few words on the Bemis acquisition, I would go to next slide, Slide 6. First of all, the integration of the two businesses is progressing very well. The two legacy companies are functioning as one, and the excitement and the focus demonstrated by our employees has enabled the Flexibles business to simultaneously grow organically and to surpass the synergy targets we originally set for the first six months of the year. The response from customers has been very positive, given Amcor’s enhanced global value proposition, which includes a broader and more sustainable product offering. Now, in terms of synergies, we delivered $30 million overall in the first half, which was ahead of our initial expectations and are mainly coming from overhead reductions and procurement benefits. We've increased our guidance for the current fiscal year from $65 million to $80 million in synergies, and we feel very confident in our ability to deliver the full $180 million by the end of fiscal 2022. So the key takeaway today is that we feel very good about where we're at in terms of the integration and the delivery of synergies. I'll hand over to Michael, and then I'll come back and talk about some of Amcor’s longer-term opportunities.
Ron Delia: Yes, it's a good pickup because we feel really good about that. I mean one of the highlights of the integration so far, has been the customer reaction. You know as we talked about, this is a deal that should be exciting for customers. It should not be threatening in any way, because there's not a great degree of overlap in similar regions with similar products around the world. So I think the customers are rightly seeing it as a complimentary combination of two companies. And that's manifesting itself in wealth in a number of commitments, which we highlighted today. I think what I would say is, it's a combination of business that's been locked down and secured with a little bit of incremental share of wallet gain at some of these customers. I wouldn't think that, there's a material impact that needs to be layered in, because we're talking about four or five deals with customers all of whom are important, but out of hundreds and in fact thousands of customers in this business. So I think what it says to us is that we are avoiding any substantial negative synergies. And if anything, we're getting some, let's say positive revenue benefits in the form of locking up business and maybe picking up a little incremental share over time.
Ron Delia: First, simple answer to your first question, yes. Volumes grew overall both in North America and in Europe, which is really pleasing, because those are our two engines in Flexibles. Those are two big businesses, neither of which are in dynamic growth markets as you pointed out. So if we can get a little bit of growth through volume in those businesses, it's good to see, so absolute volume grew in both North America and Europe. In fact, in similar end markets in both regions, protein, healthcare, liquid products, which are coming out of cans and into big pouches, particularly in the back of food service outlets, coffee, pet care. So a number of the higher value add segments, we're seeing good growth. Generally, if you were to aggravate the whole FMCG space, I think it's no surprise that volumes grow generally with population, maybe 1% or 2% and then you have all kinds of mixed impacts in there between different types of customers in different types of segments. I don't think that's going to change much from period-to-period. And then it's up to us to migrate our mix towards the higher value add part of that overall space.
Ron Delia: It's a little bit of both. In some of the segments I just mentioned, those are driven -- as some of that growth is driven more by the larger customers. We also see some of the larger customers in certain discrete segments, I can think of dairy or cheese is one where some of the larger customers are losing share. But we know that we're picking up the share that they're losing at retail with some of their smaller competitors. So it's a combination. Obviously, the big engine in these businesses is the MNCs, but the incremental growth is disproportionately coming from the smaller companies that we're also serving.
Ron Delia: John, I think it's becoming more and more of an opportunity for us as we get into it further. So I would say that we don't see any negatives in the result at all. In fact, the positives that you can take out of the result related to our sustainability agenda would come from some of the comments we made about the customer commitments. The reason that we've re-upped with most of these customers that we referred to and someone asked about earlier, is largely because of our shared sustainability agendas and our innovation developments. Customers are more inclined to want to work with us now than ever before. And not just because of the Bemis acquisition in the bigger footprint, but also because we're completely aligned on the innovation required for sustainability. I think the other thing that we highlighted today is there's been a number of new product launches in PET and plastic, which suggests to us that the format is alive and well and customers are doubling down on that format more than anything. And then I guess the third thing, which I don't know if it's in our materials. But over the last six months, there has been an increasingly balanced dialog externally, including some very supportive comments from our customers who have been very supportive of plastic packaging generally and its role in reducing greenhouse gases and reducing food waste. And then in PET, in particular, we've had basically the two major brand owners come out in very, fairly vocally, or fairly strong language support to the PET format. So I'd say, John, if you took the six months view no negative impacts at all, but two or three real positive indicators, maybe not financial, but generally, about the environment we’re in.
Ron Delia: Yes, this relates to the Flexibles business in Latin America and then particularly the legacy BMS business, which we flagged a few times now. First of all, what we are doing, well, let's set the context first. So before the acquisition closed, the business was performing at a very high level in the quarter or two before it closed, it had deteriorated a bit, lost some sales and ended up in the fiscal fourth quarter last year losing money, which we've flagged. And we get a hold of the business in mid-June last year and the first thing that happened was we took a lot of costs out and we've taken headcount way down, we're looking at the footprint as well. So those actions were taken very early on. And the business is improving from a profit perspective with each month. So it's absolutely improved quarter-over-quarter, it's actually improving month-over-month from a profit perspective. Despite the fact that the presales take longer to regenerate, it always takes a lot longer to regain sales and it does to lose them. And so in addition to the cost actions we've taken, we're working hard on getting the top line back to where it can and should be and has been in the past. So that would be the other thing. And then the third thing I would point out is we probably flagged this before, but it's a fairly complicated portfolio as we see it. We try to keep things even more focused and more simple. And that business functions, when I say the business, the legacy Bemis business, in particular, in a number of segments that we haven't historically been in. And so we're taking a close look at that as well. We took one step in the first half. We sold out of a joint venture we had to produce tube laminates in Brazil, it’s a small business, good business, very good business, which is not a one that we're in anywhere else in the world. And so we sold out of that JV as a step towards simplifying that portfolio a little bit further. So it’s combination of costs and getting the top line going again and making sure we're focused from a portfolio perspective.
Ron Delia: Yes, and I'm glad you asked about it, because it's an important topic which we spend a little more time on it. So this is all about the rigid plastics space in North America, in particular and Latin America. So in the Americas where we make rigid containers out of PET primarily, that's what we're referring to there. And as far as the reduction of virgin resin 200,000 tons a year, that's the house number based on the current glide path. We are actually kind of putting an inflection point now where we're seeing the percentage of recycled material that we're processing it's pretty much double this year. And assuming we kind of continue at that new level, we'd be reducing our virgin resin by about 200,000 tons a year. Now I think it's fairly conservative. There's no reason for us to be, anything other than conservative, in that number. But I think it's more likely that one that’s using more over time rather than less. But nevertheless, we're on a glide path to see us replace 200,000 tons of virgin resin with recycled PET all in the next five or six years. And then still doing -- and that's with existing customers, as well as just the normal mix of business that we have today, and that's just where we're at. As we do that over that five or six year period, we will have been out in the market sourcing that 200,000 tons plus of recycled material, over five or six years, that's over a million tons of a cumulative demand. And we think that's going to be important, because it helps underwrite the much needed investment that's required to not only fund waste management infrastructure but also to fund the processing capacity that will be required to actually convert recovery bottles into post consumer recycled resin, and so we're just flagging that. One role we can play here is as a demand creator and we'll be active in that market for those who are seeking to invest and deploy capital in that space.
Ron Delia: Brian, it's a good question and that is the challenge, right? I mean, everyone's got great aspirations and expectations but now the capital and the infrastructure has to follow. I think it's hard to assess over a short period of time. I think generally the momentum is there. I think you see that momentum in the form of increased commitments. You see companies like Amcor talking about, I know our willingness and readiness to buy every pound of recycled material we can get our hands on. You can see the big brand owners making similar comments. You can see Coke and Pepsi teaming up to launch an initiative called every bottle back, which is helping on the front end to drive collections. You see Nestle making public commitments about putting money behind buying recycled material, so I think it’s coming. I don't know that we could point to specific investments over the last 90 days that would meaningfully move the needle on supply. But I think all the momentum is headed in the right direction and all the components of what's going to be required are falling into place.
Ron Delia: Brian, we're giving our guidance on an EPS basis. I mean, you can get there a lot of different ways. I think the key for us is that we're going to get to 7% to 10% constant currency EPS for the year.
Ron Delia: No, it's separate. I mean look the business has thousands of customers and dozens of large FMCG customers to go with a thousands of small customers that it has. Any contracts that were in place when we bought the business are still in place. We're just referring to positive momentum that we've had with customers where there is a contract, let's say that's up where that matures where we've made really good progress in terms of just re-upping that business, none of which are material on an individual basis. In fact, they’re probably not material in aggregate other than to suggest that the momentum is very positive on the commercial side of the business.
Ron Delia: Not a whole lot in the first half as we flagged. We've got $20 million to $25 million of total benefits come through that program. We had about $10 million so far. We didn't do much at the end of the last fiscal year that would have benefited the first six months of this fiscal year. We're going to get back on with several plant closures later this calendar year, which will deliver the remaining $10 million to $15 million benefits that we expect.
Ron Delia: Not in any meaningful way. I mean, there might be on the margin in certain types of products, but that's not really the intention. The intention is to lower the fixed cost base, the structural cost base and to consolidate essentially similar and in fact growing volumes in fewer number of facilities.
Ron Delia: No Richard, just to clarify. I think I just said that we're not taking out capacity, where we do see a number of plants that are [Multiple Speakers]. No, we're retiring older assets and putting the assets and the capacity in a smaller number of factories. But our business is expecting to grow, it has been growing. If we take a step back around the package formats and the mix and what's happening there, particularly in cans, we see an overall liquid beverage market, non-alcoholic beverage market growing about 2% and this is just based on scanner data. So it's not anything proprietary. We see the market growing about 2% in the back half of the calendar year, which lines up with our fiscal year. We see the PET portion of that market also growing at 2%. And we would see canned volume growing at about 3%. So what it says to us is that plastic format continues to grow at least with market, cans have grown well as well and there's enough growth for both. I think where the can growth has been extraordinary, has been in the alcoholic space. And I think the industry data would suggest this as much, and beer in particular and hard seltzers and things like that, it's been outstanding growth. But that's not a part of the market that we've been participating in or are interested in.
Ron Delia: I actually think its equal parts converter, brand owner, waste management provider be that a regulator or private enterprise and consumer. So I actually think it's an equal parts those three. I think it's less about the retailers and probably a little less about the raw material suppliers. I think it's more about those other actors. And I think that's why we feel really good about our position, because ultimately you need a combination of materials and you need other functionality design into packaging, which no raw material supplier provides today and we don’t envision in the future will provide. So the converter has a critical, critical role there. I think the brand owner has a role in making sure things move quickly and with the right set of tradeoffs in mind. I mean these products are not going to be cheaper initially and the brand owners are going to have to kind of live with that in the early days. Waste management infrastructure is mission critical, because it's not in place everywhere and it's a fragmented landscape depending on the jurisdiction we were to focus on. And then I don't think we can underestimate the role of the consumer, because whether the answer here is recycling, or even reusing, or composting, the consumers have to do something different than what they've been doing and what do today. They have to use -- make use of their compost facility, or their reuse system, or their recycling. And that's not an insignificant shift. So I genuinely believe its equal parts those four part, the equal contribution from those four parts of the value chain.
Ron Delia: Well, the clearest manifestation is the new products we launched. Those don’t come by our own activity in isolation. We do have several what are called joint business development agreements or joint product development agreements with customers that are typically separate from commercial contracts where you've got almost like a product development contract, if you will, in a number of segments. In fact, across our entire business, we don't have all customer names associated with those. But that's where the innovation and the new product development comes from that leads to the examples that we've highlighted today and kind of highlighted before.
Ron Delia: Yes, it's a good point that -- it's a good pick up that it’s a multilayer materials, because recyclable doesn't have to be in single layer or monolayer. And in this particular case, it's a combination of different polyolefin materials that are brought together to provide the functionality that's required for this home care product line, which is set of generation, it’s I think the laundry -- so laundry detergent that's pictured here. As far as the definition of recyclability, there are industry standards out there that are facilitated and being developed by NGOs, and particularly Ellen MacArthur Foundation, which is the leading authority on the space and has gotten signatures from 450 companies behind what's called the new plastics economy global commitment around certain definitions. And so, there is a specific definition of what means recyclable has to be recycled today someplace at scale, and this particular product would meet that definition.
Ron Delia: I don't know that it is recyclable in Thailand. But the definition at this stage is recyclable at an industrial scale, because the infrastructure has to be developed in different parts of the world. And so it's also a guide to what the infrastructure agenda should be in different markets around the world.
Ron Delia: Let me help a little bit there. This year, we're going to exit the financial year, converting more than 10% of the resin in our Rigid Packaging -- in our PET resin and our Rigid Packaging business will be recycled resin. So that's why I referred earlier to an inflection point. We're accelerating at very rapid pace the proportion of the resin we convert as recycled and this year we're going to exit at over 10%.
Michael Casamento: We feel really good about the first half. I think that point has been clear, and so we increased our guidance for the year, as you pointed out. I think what I would remind you is it is a range. We've given a range again today of 7% to 10% in constant currency terms, up from 5% to 10%. And what that suggests is that we feel pretty good about the full year. I don't think we see anything markedly changing about the business organically or otherwise in the second half. If we think about where the opportunities may come from to hit the high end of that range, obviously, better top-line growth would help, maybe a more favorable raw material environment and certainly, continued acceleration of synergy benefits would help us to get there. And obviously on the inverse, the inverse would be true as we think about the bottom of the range. Although, I think what you can take away from today is that we've minimized the downside risk on the financial year, which is why we've raised the bottom end of the EPS growth range.
Michael Casamento: Yes, it's an evolving topic. Obviously, it changes by the day. But just to contextualize it, Amcor has got a big flexible packaging business in China. We have about 12 plants spread across the country, although, none in the Hebei provice, which was the epicenter of the virus. We have about 3,000 people and it represents roughly 4% of sales. So it's a big important business for us. Firstly and most importantly, as far as we know, as of today, none of our employees have been stricken by the virus. And our plants are actually all operating, which is great. Many operated right through the New Year period, because we're supplying health care products. Others came back online last week and this week. They're not all running at full tilt, because we don't have all the employees back and our customers are not all operating, but our businesses are functioning. Now the impact on the business in the second half will remain to be seen. Obviously, we didn't have any impact in the first half. Any impact on the business would be in front of us. And while it's an important business for us and it's going to be a real big part of our story going forward, it's not ultimately material in the grand scheme of Amcor's about 4% of sales, as I said.
Michael Casamento: We had about $5 million in the first quarter. We had a similar type number in the second quarter. So all up we had about 5% organic growth, part of that would have been from the raw material lag, or the recovery, I guess, you could say of the raw materials. But we're pretty happy with the organic growth of 5% generally.
Michael Casamento: Look, it remains to be seen. I think the pace of raw material movements is relatively benign overall if you look across the global portfolio of spend, and you might have a little bit of a benefit in the quarter that we're in. But beyond that, it's difficult for us to say, it looks more benign than anything.
Michael Casamento: Typically, our cash flow is much stronger in the second half, and we do get higher rate in the second half, so there’s seasonality there. We expect there’ll be some working capital improvements as we’re standing in the first half that will continue to flow in the second. So generally speaking, that's the normal trend we see and that's what we expect in the second half more around the seasonality.
Michael Casamento: It's a good question, John. I mean, we did flag, we had growth in the first quarter, first of all and we were pretty pleased with first quarter. We did flag that the second quarter would be tough, which has a lot more to do with last year than this year. We're okay with this year's performance. It's really cycling at pretty difficult 90 day period when you look at it on that sort of basis versus last year. It's a combination of things. Last year in North America, we had particularly strong mix, not just in product segments because we obviously have had hot fill growth again this year, but with our customer mix and to some extent our end markets in specialty containers. And in Latin America, we had a better mix of outcome last year. We also had an early recovery of inflation in Argentina last year, which benefited. So those two things really made it a difficult 90 day comparative period in Q2 for Rigid. But we do expect the business to get back to growth in the second half from a profit perspective. The good thing is that volumes have continued to be robust so overall volumes were pretty much flat with hot fill going up 4.5%. Latin America, we had couple of percentage points of growth too. So now it's just about profit conversion and cycling a better competitive period in second half, which we expect will lead to profit growth.
Michael Casamento: Typically, we would spend CapEx kind of in line with depreciation, so around that $450 million mark. We were a little behind that in the first half just slightly behind. I think that's pretty typical when you're doing an integration of the size that we’re doing with payments. We expected we got to be there and thereabout by the full year. At this stage, might be slightly low but that's what you should expect to see.
