Melanie E. R. Miller: Thank you. Welcome to our Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Conference Call. Today is January 31, 2013. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, www.bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section. Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Henry Theisen; and our Chief Financial Officer, Scott Ullem. Today, Scott will begin with comments on the financial results, followed by Henry with comments on business performance and investments. After our comments we will answer any questions you have. [Operator Instructions] On today's call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial information as we talk about Bemis' performance. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to GAAP measures we consider most comparable can be found in the release and supplemental schedules on our corporate website under Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors, including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material cost and availability, industry competition, unexpected costs associated with information systems, changes in customer order patterns, our ability to pass along increased costs in our selling prices, unexpected costs related to our facility consolidation program and plant closings, interest rate fluctuations and regional economic conditions. A more complete list of risk factors is included in our regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011. Now I'll turn the call over to Scott Ullem.
Melanie E. R. Miller: If you look at -- for the fourth quarter, if you look at the refrigerated foods type of products in high barrier, including meat and cheese, dairy and liquids, some of the dry food type items, we had, say, added them all up, maybe an increase of a couple of percent in those areas, maybe roughly 2%. I don't have them all combined. Meat and cheese was up the most. But then, on the other side, we had high single-digit or close to double-digit declines in volume in other areas like confectionery and snack, some of the beverage products that we make, some of the nonfood health and hygiene products as well.
Melanie E. R. Miller: I'm looking at -- in Global Packaging, actually, volume was modestly down for the quarter, but price mix was up nicely. And that's what drove the organic growth. For the total year, the trends were a little better. We had a modest increase in volume and also in price mix.
Melanie E. R. Miller: In 2013, I think it's early yet. The first quarter's usually a slower quarter for us like the end of the fourth quarter, and customers are usually ramping up their promotional activity in late February and March time frame to hit the spring buying season. So it's kind of early in the first quarter to see any trends.
Melanie E. R. Miller: This is Melanie. I think the -- you're right, 2006 was a strong volume year. 2009 was also a very strong volume year, as was part of 2008. So I don't have the numbers in front of me to see what you're seeing with the change over those years. But one of the things that impacts the way that we measure volume in square inches is the sales mix, and the fact that over the last 6 years, we have focused and invested more and more in high barrier packaging. High-barrier packaging may sell for more dollars. But if you're looking at volume and square inches, these tend to be heavier, larger items that have -- that are sold in fewer square inches than a monolayer polyethylene film that's more of a commodity item. So over the last 6 years, I think perhaps part of what you're seeing is the strategy of focusing more on the higher-margin, high barrier products and lesser so on the growth of those commodity film areas.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Chris, if you look at U.S. Packaging, and Scott's right, it's very hard to draw a bright line between high barrier and low barrier because there's all this graduation in between them. But if you look at U.S. Packaging, it's fair to say that about half of that 85% focused on food is refrigerated products. Clearly refrigerated products, clearly high barrier, complex, involves a lot of technology. And then there's a graduation up to that 15% that is not food is low barrier, no barrier type of products. In the Global Packaging part of the business, we would consider -- we would pretty much consider the whole medical device packaging business to be -- and pharmaceutical to be a high barrier technology, sterility protection type of package, so we would put that in the high barrier category. And the other 60% that's food products, it's not as -- it's a lower portion that would be high barrier. A smaller exposure to meat and cheese, smaller to a dairy and liquids type of thing. So of that 60%, well less than half would be the barrier refrigerated foods. We do some refrigerated foods, but they might not all be barrier.
Melanie E. R. Miller: George, I'll let Henry or Scott add in after I give you a couple of facts with regard to Terre Haute. The Terre Haute facility is a very large facility, you're right, and it focuses on the lower-barrier areas of the business. But they are very good at managing manufacturing costs. They've implemented World Class Operations Managements, which Henry and Scott talks about extensively, and benefited in 2012 from the transition of production from some of these other plants that we closed, where we had substantial amounts of volume moving in there. So the plant is a valuable asset, and it's running very well.
Melanie E. R. Miller: Thank you, operator. That ends our conference call for today. And we will be out visiting lots of investors over the next several months on the road and a number of conferences and meetings, so we look forward to seeing most of you then.
Scott B. Ullem: North America, generally, we're expecting relatively flat volumes across all categories. But our customers are optimistic that in the second half of 2013, volumes may start to show some support. I think we feel relatively optimistic about meat and cheese, and that optimism is tempered by the impact of the drought on the herd last year and the expected price increases in some of the protein categories. But generally, the high barrier product applications that we have been selling and new ones that we're introducing are continuing to drive growth and improvement in our sales and mix.
Scott B. Ullem: We renegotiated a lot of contracts during 2012, some of the legacy Alcan contracts, some of the legacy Bemis contracts. In general, we feel like we're on pretty stable footing right now and feel good about the price adjustment formulas that we've reached with our contract customers in the U.S. And so we go into 2013 feeling like we're as well-positioned as we can be to be able to be insulated from the sharp, short-term spikes in volatility that really hurt us back in early 2011.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. For the last couple of years, as you know, we've come in below our original forecast for CapEx, and really, it's been for a couple of reasons. One is that as our World Class Operations Management initiatives have borne fruit, it's effectively created the capacity we need to continue to grow our new product productions. And so we've been very disciplined and throttled back on CapEx whenever we can, especially given the weakness in our end markets over these last couple of years. The 2013 forecast, we feel good about, and there are a couple of specific investments that we're making around our high barrier film platforms in Latin America and growth in China, as well as high barrier film in the U.S. And so there's always a risk that we don't get all that money invested as fast as we'd like. But I think at this point, we feel like that's a better new normal range to expect. Keep in mind, our depreciation and amortization is around $200 million a year, so we're still underspending D&A, which longer-term, we think will be more in line.
Scott B. Ullem: You should expect that we'll continue to increase the dividend every year as we've done for the last 30, and you should expect that we're going to be making share repurchase again in 2013. We were out of the share repurchase market in 2012 as we were trying to pay down some debt repair leverage ratios. But we are going to be continuing to manage that debt equity balance to make sure that we're doing everything we can to drive total shareholder return.
Scott B. Ullem: Alex, as I mentioned before, we feel good about entering 2013 with the right mix of price adjustment formulas in our contract portfolio with our customers in the U.S., where we have customers. Keep in mind, about 2/3 of our customers in the U.S. are on multiyear contracts with the price adjustment formula; 1/3 are just spot price agreements. And outside of the U.S., we don't have any contract exposure. So we did a lot of work in 2012 trying to synchronize our price adjustment formulas with the current industry standards and the raw material volatility that we just can't burden. And so we feel good about where we are at this point.
Scott B. Ullem: We haven't really quantified it in terms of EPS. But as Henry just said, we have baked into 2013 the $0.05 increase in PE that we're going to see here in the first part of the year. That will largely show up in Q2. And our guidance for 2013 assumes that beyond that the raw material environment is stable.
Scott B. Ullem: I think they both are. But certainly, we worry about raw material prices. We feel better about our ability to pass those along to customers now than we did, say, 18 months ago. But volume has been the big headwind for us over the last 12 months. Our customers tell us that they're feeling more optimistic about volumes in the second half of 2013. But we've really rightsized the company to be able to deliver these kinds of earnings, the guidance that we've given today, even if we don't get improvements in volumes in the second half.
Scott B. Ullem: Let me take a crack at that, Chris. I think for U.S. Packaging, which is our biggest segment, about 85% of that business is packaging for food. The -- there's a whole spectrum of high barrier to lower barrier, and it's not possible just to break it into 2 and say, "This is high and this is low." There's whole spectrum, but there's a lot of technology and a lot of refrigerated food packaging in that 85% of U.S. Packaging sales. And that's where food safety is really a critical consideration of our customers and where we get paid for our technology. In Global Packaging, about 60% of our packaging is for food, 20% is for medical and the other 20% is just other consumer products and applications.
Scott B. Ullem: We really don't report on sales of new products. But what I can tell you is that our product portfolio is changing all the time. And we are working with our customers both proactively and reactively, as our customers keep a pretty continuous velocity of new product introductions. And so it's an important part of our business, but we don't really quantify it.
Scott B. Ullem: Mark, it's Scott. That will not have any real effect on our business. The Avery divestiture was a product area that -- where we don't compete. And so that's really not going to affect our business.
Henry J. Theisen: I believe that our return on sales improvement, our return on invested capital not only comes just from some of these new products being launched, but it also comes from taking market share and growing our market share with our core product lines where technology is important. So I don't know if I can really split it out accurately, but a substantial amount of our growth and return on sales and return on invested capital is just market share improvement in the products and the markets that we want to participate in.
Henry J. Theisen: Oh, I think that's typically the case. That's kind of the standard curve. When you introduce a new product, you generally get a higher price. And as more people copy it or it goes on with time, it slowly decreases in margin. But that's just the general curve.
Henry J. Theisen: Yes, yes. I think that since we acquired all of Dixie Toga in 2005, every year, we see more and more technology products, and that's why we're putting in the investment in additional 9-layer blown film lines into Brazil. And in our acquisition that we were able to find in Mayor Packaging, there's a lot of technology with our own stand-up pouches and around retort that we're going to be building out in that end of the world. So we're starting to see the tick up, and our investments are going into those areas to support that tick up in the technology products.
Henry J. Theisen: There is no major sales going on of our FreshCase products. We are working with a number of customers. We have some small applications that are out there and I don't think we're going to see much effect due to FreshCase in 2013. But hopefully, in 2014, we'll start to see the uptick as people get more accustomed to this packaging design.
Henry J. Theisen: It's depending upon the division that we have. Some of it will flow through late in the first quarter, majority of it will flow through into the second quarter.
Henry J. Theisen: Most of our international sales or our global sales are not in some kind of a contract. They're generally order by order on a spot basis.
Henry J. Theisen: I want to make a comment on the raw material increases. It isn't that the raw materials are going to increase because we have pass-through applications. And our presidents and our people are paid on earnings, so they know they have to pass those through. Where we get into problems, this goes back into late 2010 and 2011, where every month you saw a drastic increase. And it wasn't the ability to pass those increases on, it was as soon as you pass those increases on, you had another handful of them. So it's not the ability to pass them through, it's how they occur.
Henry J. Theisen: I think, George, you hit on the 2 key things. One is, a lot of our consumer product companies package a broad spectrum, and we really want to be seen with our key customers as being able to support their entire needs. So some of it, we just want to be in the game. The other part is, it helps us when we talk with our suppliers because of the overall volumes that we purchase. So it's scale and purchasing power, and support of our customers because we want to be seen as a total supplier to them.
Henry J. Theisen: Well, I think that's somewhat true. As you get into the lowest part of our business, the more competitive and the more competitors we have. I think what's really the thing that we have to do is take our technology and drive new applications and new products that can compete with the people who don't have the technology base that we have, so we bring something that differentiates us in these markets to our customers.
Henry J. Theisen: No, we didn't see any drastic change. In fact, we saw some pickups in what we would call our higher barrier. Our meat, cheese, liquid markets, coffee, some of those areas that require the barrier products and the extended shelf life, we saw a slight uptick. As either what Scott or Melanie pointed out, some of the other areas we saw some decreases, but I don't have anything drastic to say.
Henry J. Theisen: That's a good question. In our acquisition, we moved in and acquired Mayor Packaging. We didn't come in at the lowest level. We didn't come in on a monolayer polyethylene where all it does is provide a dust cover for a shipment. We came in at kind of a mid-level. So we've got a good base. We have technologies in there around retort, we have technologies around in fitments and stand-up pouches. So we come in kind of at the mid-level. And then we can add longer-term our technologies to make the base films that -- and not just be a converter. But we're coming in both with Dixie Toga and in China at a mid-level that protects us from some of the very low end just transportation or dust cover type materials.
Henry J. Theisen: That's a good assumption. It's going to vary depending by which division or which market, but 85% is a reasonable point.
Henry J. Theisen: I think that, overall, our customers, and you've heard a lot of them talk, have been down 3%, 4% in their volumes, and that people are just being more cautious in the economic climate. What I don't agree is the opportunities for Flexible Packaging to grow. If you want to just take a look -- just walk down the baby aisle once, and everything used to be in jars and cans, and now it's in flexible pouches. There's new products being introduced. I got a grandson who goes buys all these things, and you squeeze them and they're berry mixes. You can see the conversion going on in cans and jars to flexible packaging. You see people wanting more extended shelf life. I think what you see is really I could identify with the mix we have. We're growing those areas where we provide extended shelf life, food safety and sterility, and the fall out that we're having is partially I think because our customers, and the economic and a little bit that we've made some tough decisions here over the course of 2012, and how much of that business we want to take on in our factories and how much capital we want to put towards it.
Henry J. Theisen: The only other thing I'd add to that, George, is we continue to see growth in multipacks and the shrink bundling film. So that growth helps to support and grow the Terre Haute facility.
Henry J. Theisen: I think we have some very good competitors in our high barrier area. They have their products, we have our products, and I think it's just an overall congratulations to our R&D and our development teams, that they're able to solve problems and provide solutions that our customers are looking for faster than our competition.
