Ron Delia: Thanks Tracey and thanks everyone for joining Michael and myself today to discuss Amcor's financial performance at the end of the third quarter. We'll begin with some prepared remarks before opening for Q&A. And since safety is our first and most important value we'll start on slide 3 with safety as we do in every meeting at Amcor. And we believe our ultimate goal of zero injuries is absolutely possible and we continue to make good progress. So far in fiscal 2022, we reduced the number of injuries across the company by 5% compared to the prior year and more than half of our sites have been injury-free for at least 12 months. Now of course this quarter our attention has turned to the tragic and devastating war in the Ukraine. We moved quickly to close our Ukraine site in Kharkiv before the start of the invasion to protect our local team. And we continue to support those coworkers and their families in any way we can, including through direct financial support and by assisting those who've been displaced. All up, we've contributed more than $1 million to vital humanitarian relief efforts. We also announced our decision to scale down our operations in our three Russian sites and to explore all strategic options for those plants. As always, our path forward will continue to be guided by our values and by our responsibilities to all of our stakeholders. I'd like to publicly thank all of my Amcor colleagues who are contributing from near and far to this challenging and upsetting situation. Your commitment, caring and generosity has been an inspiration. Turning to our key messages for the quarter on slide 4. First, the business delivered another strong result with the March quarter representing our strongest period of sales and earnings growth for the fiscal year so far. Second, our teams have continued to demonstrate an exceptional ability to remain focused on managing sales mix and inflation while delivering for our customers. Third, given the strong execution and consistently strong earnings growth through the year, we've raised our guidance for fiscal 2022 EPS growth. And finally, Amcor has established a strong foundation for growth and value creation over the last several years and we're increasing capital investments in priority segments and geographies as well as in our innovation capabilities. Turning to the financial highlights on slide 5. March quarter performance was strong across the board and I'll start with a few highlights. Net sales grew 16% in the third quarter including more than $450 million of incremental price increases related to the pass-through of higher raw material costs. Excluding this pass-through, organic sales growth was 5% in both the Flexibles and Rigid Packaging segments. Consistent with the first half, we continue to benefit from favorable mix as well as actions to anticipate and recover higher levels of inflation than we've seen for many years. This top line growth converted into adjusted EBIT growth of 9% in the quarter. The Flexibles segment delivered EBIT growth of 10% and in line with our expectations Rigid Packaging returned to earnings growth after experiencing a unique set of supply chain challenges in the first half. As you see on the bottom of the slide this strong March quarter builds on a solid first half, so that on a year-to-date basis, net sales have increased 13%, adjusted EBIT has increased 6% and adjusted EPS is up 11%. And our financial profile remains strong and we continue to increase cash returns to shareholders. We expect to repurchase $600 million of shares this year, which when combined with our annual dividend, means we anticipate returning around $1.3 billion of cash to shareholders in fiscal '22. Before I hand over to Michael, I want to come back to a slide we presented last quarter, which touches on our priority segments. Amcor has a leading position in each of these categories, which collectively generate over $4 billion in annual sales and share a few common features, including large addressable markets, higher-than-average growth rates and significant room for Amcor to grow and differentiate. By making deliberate choices to focus on these high-value higher-growth categories over time they represent a higher proportion of our sales mix, contribute to consistent margin expansion and become an increasingly relevant driver of earnings growth for Amcor. And we've seen this trend so far this year in both Flexibles and Rigid Packaging including in the March quarter and we expect this will continue as we allocate more capital and resources to these segments. You'll hear more about these mix benefits from Michael, as he provides some more detail on our financial performance.
Ron Delia: Yes, just to dimension the Ukrainian position and Russian business, as Michael alluded to, we've got four sites in that region one in the Ukraine and three in Russia. We've got about thousand people working in those four sites. The Russian and Ukrainian businesses combined generated about 2% to 3% of sales, 4% to 5% of EBIT and as Michael pointed out, $200 million to $300 million of balance sheet. The Ukrainian site has been closed. Obviously, our first priority has been keeping our people safe as it always would be you'd expect. And so we closed the site in the Ukraine just before the invasion started and we're able to get our people safely out of that area. The Russian plants are continuing to operate. We're well aware there's a number of public announcements that customers have made. And I would remind you that our business in Russia is focused exclusively on a very small number of multinational customers, all of whom despite whatever the public announcements have been, continue to operate there. And so we continue to support them while we explore our own options and look our options range from continuing to run the business to every other possible extreme that you can imagine. Our tendency and our history has never been to be overly prescriptive about strategic moves like that. So, I think we'd ask you to wait and see and view our actions more so than anything that we might say in advance. And as far as the guidance impact, clearly, the Ukrainian site is not running, the Russian plants are running at different degrees of utilization and that's all factored into the EPS range that Michael outlined.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, I think the business is performing really well. So, we had 5% organic growth -- sales growth across the business on relatively flat volumes and then converted that to 10% EBIT growth across the segment. So, we're really pleased with the profit conversion. North American business continues to grow. The sale organic sales growth is mid-single-digits with some volume growth in the low single-digit range. The European business in the quarter had a slightly higher organic sales number still in the mid-single-digits though on volumes that were modestly down which I'll come back to. And then the organic sales growth in the two emerging markets businesses was up. Now, with regard to North America and Europe, we're particularly pleased with the performance of both of those businesses, the two larger businesses in the quarter and in particular, because of their management of mix. Mix, as you know, from a long period of time in Amcor has been a key driver of profit expansion over many, many years. And it's a function of orienting our portfolio more and more towards higher-value segments and higher-value products and that's exactly what we've seen in the quarter. So, in Europe, we saw a trade out of lower-margin products that are more intermediate in nature into other converters and we used constrained raw materials to support some of our higher-margin segments in pharmaceuticals medical device packaging, pet food, coffee and some of the segments that have been focal points for us for many years. That's really the story of the quarter. It was really very much about mix.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, Larry, just to be clear we've pointed to the historical range of 3% to 4% of sales. And what we've said is that expect that that will be more in the 4% to 5% of sales range going forward. And it's a function of a couple of things. Firstly, the opportunity set is rich. As the portfolio has evolved and a lot of it is through what we picked up in the Bemis acquisition in Flexibles and as the rigids portfolio has evolved into the more specialty space, we just have more organic opportunities than we've probably ever had. So that's the starting point. And when I say good organic opportunities, I mean those where we could deploy capital and generate an attractive return for shareholders. So that's the starting point. Secondly, the business is generating more and more cash flow. It's increasing its cash generation capacity, especially as we come through the integration era if you will. And as we look at alternative uses of that capital, we have, we believe an ability to balance funding the organic growth that we see continuing to pursue acquisitions, buying back shares in the absence of acquisitions and then obviously maintaining a pretty healthy attractive dividend. So we just feel like the cash generation is sufficient now to support all of those potential drivers of shareholder returns and the organic growth opportunity set has just never been more robust.
Ron Delia: Yes. It's a great question, a great observation. I mean you can rest assured we are doing everything we can to find viable alternatives when materials are just constrained. I think that – we have an advantage in that we're a large-scale buyer and we're buying materials in multiple regions. So the first thing we do when we run into any kind of a constraint is we look to source the material from another region. And so we've been able to tap into our global network and our global footprint to I think navigate the situation quite well. But there are times when there's just no material available globally. And that's why in parallel we're looking at reformulations wherever possible. Those typically do not happen quickly. And I think there's nothing I could point to in the quarter that's material enough but there is plenty of activity in terms of qualifying alternative materials and looking to reformulate away from materials that have been more prone to outages.
Ron Delia: Look, Nathan, it's a broad network and the capacity utilization will vary across the business quite dramatically. So in the extreme you have our Rigid Packaging business in the beverage space, which has been sold out for a long period of time now for several quarters and we're adding capacity there which is just to satisfy the continued elevated demand we see in PET and beverages In the Flexibles segment, we see very high utilization for the assets that are directed to the more sustainable products that we make some of the global product platforms that I alluded to in the prepared remarks. But we will be adding capacity and that capacity will help support the volume growth expectations that we have going forward which have traditionally been in the low single-digit range.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look on the materials that are short, I mean, it's been a bit of a whac-a-mole game to be honest with you in terms of where we're short which material and which region in which month or which week, I guess, you could say. And more often than not it's been some of the specialty materials in Flexibles and rigids which are additive to the primary material. So it's not been -- to a large extent for quite some time now it's not been the base polymers that we buy the big commodities like polyethylene or polypropylene. We did have some shortages in PET for a while but those have abated. It's been more the specialty materials that are added to provide barrier or some other property that's required to deliver the full functionality of the package which have really been highly volatile. Aluminum to some extent, I guess, would be the other main commodity which at times has been in short supply. Look, I think, this too shall pass. I mean there's no reason why we should expect indefinite outages. But at the moment it's just been continued volatility. 
Ron Delia: Yes. I'll talk about the COGS in Rigid Packaging and maybe Michael can talk about the inflation we've seen generally because we've talked a lot about raw materials but inflation more generally is obviously front and center. Look the Rigid Packaging business I'm not sure who the competitor is but the resin component of COGS is actually higher in rigids than it is in Flexibles. And I would have said it's probably in the 60% to 70% range. And that's as you know a straight pass-through that's linked to the commodity index either PET or one of the olefins. But as far as general inflation goes Michael why don't you comment on what we're seeing. 
Ron Delia: Yes. Look China is a big important business for us about 5% of sales. It's a business -- it's our largest emerging markets business. We operate the Flexible packaging segment there. So there's not -- Rigid Packaging doesn't participate in China. And it's a business that's been growing at a pretty healthy rate for the last several years. First half as well we had kind of mid single-digit top and bottom-line growth. It's also a very profitable business. We have a national footprint there with 10 or 11 factories across the country. But importantly it's essentially a China for China business so we do very little importing or exporting in and out of China. The third quarter was a little bit slower I think primarily because we're cycling an incredibly strong third quarter last year, which probably had to do with the timing of Chinese New Year as much as anything else. But our business was flat to modestly down in the third quarter. April definitely slowed. In April, I would say is, where we started to see some impacts of the lockdowns and not so much on our operations. But in some of our customers' plants, where they weren't able to operate for periods of time we definitely saw a slowdown in April. And honestly, it's very difficult to tell what March or June portends. So our guidance range from an EPS perspective, includes a range of outcomes on China although bear in mind, we're down to two months we know the outcome for April. So I think we feel pretty comfortable with the range and the consideration we've given to the dynamics in China.
Ron Delia: Yeah. Thanks George. It's a really good question. I mean, you're throwing intellectual property protection into the mix. And we've always had different criteria, or differentiated criteria I should say for where we put capital and differentiated return expectations for any capital project. The good thing about our business is that, the incremental capacity is small as a percentage of the total capital that we'll deploy in a given year. So if you can imagine that our capital spend will be $500 million, $550 million or something like that. A new – even a new plant to produce one of the platforms that I've talked about might be in the $20 million, $30 million range. So none of the projects that, I was alluding to earlier with the exception of the new plant we built in China, which is a little bit more none of them are a really substantial portion of our overall capital spend in any one year. And so what that does is creates a portfolio effect across the different investments that we make which in and of itself is a risk mitigation methodology, if you could think about it that way.
Ron Delia: Yes. There's a lot of legislation in play in Europe and in the United States and elsewhere in the world. We're across all of it, Larry, as you could expect, where we provide comments. We're often consulted for perspectives, which we provide both directly and through the various associations and affiliations that we have. Generally speaking, we see these regulations as innovation opportunities and ways to further differentiate and add and create value to our customers. In many cases where there's an extended producer responsibility, regime or plastics tax or something of that nature, there's an eco modulation component, which means the fee that the brand owner ultimately the consumer will pay can be reduced if the package or the product overall has a lower environmental footprint. So that creates an opportunity for us to add more value to our customers as they deal with these regulations. And generally speaking, if it's a well-constructed EPR where the industry has some control over the framework and where the funding goes back to the waste management infrastructure, we're supportive. We're certainly not supportive of general revenue raising taxes and things like that, but where well structured frameworks are in place we're certainly supportive. 
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, I think, to the extent that we'll have better differentiated products then we'll be able to capture any portion of the market that we've not been able to satisfy more recently. There is an element of bottom-slicing in the mix outcomes that you've seen even in the most recent result albeit out of necessity for lack of raw materials. But look I think we're in the business to sell and sell more units than rather than less. And at the moment the limiting factor has been raw materials. That will ease over time. 
Ron Delia: Okay. Thank you operator. Thanks everyone for joining today and for your interest in Amcor. We've had a strong quarter. We've had a strong first nine months of the fiscal year and have increased our expectations for the run home to the finish. And again, thanks for your interest, and we'll speak to you all next quarter. 
Michael Casamento: Yeah. I'll take that one. It's Michael here. Look the bottom line is it's all working capital related. And the impact -- the reason we're at the lower end of the range there and still holding to the range is really around the continued escalation in raw materials that we didn't see at the beginning of the year. And so through the year, we've seen that continue -- we're holding our working capital to sales ratio. So that's been really pleasing through the year, as we're managing working capital in a great way to some extent. But just from a pure sales revenue increase and an annualized basis, it's going to be like in that $1.5 billion range. That just means you've got $120 million impact on working capital outflow from that raw material increase. Other than that nothing else of note. Everything else is in line as we expected. 
Michael Casamento: Yes. Look I think the general inflation across the globe I mean where we're seeing increases is predominantly in energy and freight and it varies by region. But in -- we're seeing inflation there in the range of kind of 15% to 20% but the point to remember is that those elements of our COGS are quite small low single-digits. So we're out in front of that. Some of that we can pass through to customers. Other parts of that we've got to take price. And we're out in front across the globe working our way through that to recover those increases that we're seeing in general inflation on those two items. In terms of labor it's been more supply than I guess labor wage rates for us. So we've had disruption in labor particularly in North America and Europe around COVID and the like which we've had to deal with. And we've seen some elevated over time and other labor costs associated with that. But it's again been manageable and we haven't seen the rate increases although we are expecting some of those to start to come through. 
Michael Casamento: Yeah. Hi, James, thanks for the question. I'll take that one. Yeah, look what we've seen actually year-to-date in working capital is about a $200 million outflow versus prior year and about half of that is price. The other half is building raw material and finished goods. This year, particularly, we've been able to build some inventory in the Rigid Packaging space, which we weren't able to do last year and that's ahead of the heavy season in Q4 which is typically what we would normally see. We would normally see inventories build leading into Q4. So that's part of it. In addition to that in the Flexibles space and across the board we've also conservatively increased in inventory particularly in some of the products we've had shortage of supply on. So we'd expect that that is going to unwind that component of the – the inventory increase. It's going to unwind in Q4 as we cycle through our busiest quarter of the year. So that's how we factored that into the full year guidance.
