Michael Casamento: Thanks, Ron. Good morning. So operating cash flow for the period was strong at a 115 million and up 27% on prior year. This is after deducting spend of around US$28 million of integration and restructuring related costs which have been included in underlying PBITDA. Cash interest was 90 million with the increase mainly reflecting the impacts of higher debt costs in the USA.  During the second half of the year we started to benefit from maturities of some relatively high cost fixed rate debt and expect interest costs to be lower in the second half relative to this first half.  As Ron mentioned, working capital performance was a highlight across all businesses. This has been a particular area of focus and we're very happy to see the benefits being realized.  Our average working capital to sales ratio reduced to 10% from 10.4% last year and from 10.6% at June 2018. The improvements were in a range of areas including payables and receivables. Spend on restructuring initiatives relates to larger-scale programs we've announced in prior years. And in line with our guidance from August, we expect full year free cash flow after capital expenditure and dividends to be in the range of 200 million to 300 million.  Looking at the balance sheet and debt profile, the key point on Slide 13 is that Amcor's balance sheet remains strong. Our primary objective for the balance sheet is to maintain an investment grade credit rating. To achieve this we consider a wide range of ratios with two of the main ones being leverage and interest cover. These two initiatives remain at robust levels and are in line with where we anticipated them to be at period end at 2.8 times and 6.8 times, respectively.  In terms of financing costs we expect net interest for the 2019 financial year to be in the range of 200 million to 210 million in constant currency terms with interest cost in the second half lower than the first half as I mentioned earlier.  We continue to be in a very comfortable position in relation to our debt profile with access to a diverse range of funding sources and a non-current debt maturity of five years, an appropriate combination of fixed and floating debt with a well balanced mix of currencies.  We are well advanced in our work to ensure funding arrangements for a larger combined company in place prior to the close of the Bemis transaction and this also takes into account Amcor’s next sizeable refinancings which are EUR550 million bond and USD750 million syndicated facility, both due in April 2019. So in summary, the key message from me this morning's is that Amcor remains very well positioned with strong cash generation and balance sheet capacity for growth.  With that, I'll hand back over to Ron. 
Michael Casamento: On the rebates point, so you’re referring to Slide 43, thanks for that. Included in that line is actually the net settlement -- the legal claim net settlement, including in that line which we then back out from an [SI] perspective. So that’s really the key movement in that line and that relates to a legal settlement that we had.  So you back that out and from an other income perspective, then the net line, usually 58 versus the 47 in the prior year so in total we saw about 10 million increase in other income excluding the one-off. But offsetting that obviously below that we have got increased restructuring and integration costs during the period of about 10 million. So the net of those two I think was a minor gain of about $1 million.
Michael Casamento: Yes look in terms of the cash flow I mean it was -- we had really pleasing results in our working capital to sales ratio over the period and so we have got sustained improvements. So in that scenario we have been focused on. Obviously we have seen some increase in that area over the last couple of years with the acquisitions. We are now starting to see some benefits flow through there. And it was in -- across the board really that we certainly saw some improvement in managing our over dues on the receivable side and also on the payables since we’ve got some benefit there which is sustainable over the period and we continue to focus in this area and we’d hope that we can see some further improvement as we progress forwards.
Michael Casamento: Yes, sure. I think the drop overall, that half of the drop is actually currency. So the net move was about 6 million, and that's really on the back of the restructuring programs we have dove over the last sort of while. There have been some cash and non-cash components to that. So part of that is a reduction in D&A.
Michael Casamento: Look there is a number of differences in US GAAP, I mean we are working our way through that obviously where we are restating history and what I can say is there are puts and takes in the US GAAP differences to IFRS but on a go forward basis we aren’t seeing any material impact to the underlying earnings of the business on a go forward basis from the conversion to US GAAP.
Michael Casamento: You are right. We were kind tracking in that 8.5% to 9% range for several years and then we did a couple of sizable acquisition the Alusa acquisition and Sonoco which were running a much higher working capital. So that's why you have seen the increase over the last couple of years. Now we are starting to get on top of that and starting to the working capital come down as we certainly are being pretty focused on it. So you’ve got to expect that we should be able to get back down to 9% over time. That clearly I think takes time right way through and we’re working really hard on that space.
Ron Delia: Yes. Let me start with the emerging markets question. We had 9% EBIT growth in the emerging markets as you pointed out. That starting point, David would be that we had profit growth in all of them, so the big regions are Asia, Eastern Europe, Latin America, obviously, and we had proper growth in each of them. I would say the standout was Asia, we also had good sales growth in all three of those regions, but Asia has good sales growth, excellent cost performance in general. And similarly in Eastern Europe rate of growth was a little bit lower. Latin America grew as well. Now in Latin America, we have a business that spans across nine or 10 different countries, you always have some fits and starts across different individual markets. But generally we had growth in both Flexibles, rigid containers and specialty cartons business. So it really was pretty much across the board. I would say that Asian business was probably the highlight. 
Ron Delia: Yes, look in some of those markets as I referred to in the answer to Niraj’s question, you had raw materials come off but you had currency depreciate quite extensively as well. So we didn't necessarily see the benefit in the emerging markets from lower raws at the end of the second quarter that we may have seen elsewhere. Look we'll see going forward. We don't see anything that leads to change our outlook for the year.
Ron Delia: While I'd say the performance going forward will be consistent with the performance in the first half, so we continue to guide to modest organic growth in both segments. Specifically as it relates to mix in Flexibles in the first half, we had very good growth in healthcare segments. Healthcare for us is both medical packaging and pharmaceutical packaging. We had good growth in the emerging markets, as I mentioned, and in some of the food categories, where the weakness in mix came about which we referenced particularly in Europe is just in some of the higher value-added categories, ready meals being one, culinary applications. These are not major, major segments, but the mix contribution that they made in the first half was negative. 
Ron Delia: Look right on track that business has performed the way we expected it to this year. It certainly doesn't have the raw material headwinds that it had over the last 12, 15 months and I was saying in the comment before about the currency depreciation offsetting the decline in raw materials. It's certainly not wearing the same headwind. The underlying market in South America, it's a mixed bag. I wouldn't say they’ve generally improved all that much and that business has an exposure in Argentina, which is particularly depressed. But generally we’re happy with that business. We continue to win business from big multinational customers in particular on the ability to supply in South America and that's had benefits for us, not just in that region but also in Europe and in Asia, and in North America to some extent. So we’re happy with where that’s at.  Might take one from the phone here. We have Brook Campbell-Crawford from JP Morgan. 
Ron Delia: Yes, Michael can provide the numbers there. But generally it's around $30 million of cost to achieve synergies and integration, which is on the slide on Page 43 that Michael went through before, that's first half experience, that’ll a bit more in the second half particularly in Rigid Plastics, but it started within the order of magnitude that we would expect on the back of the bolt-on deals that we've done recently.
Ron Delia: Yes, look, absolutely, that's a trend that's pervasive in all of the segments that we’re in which is shorter run work for our larger customers who are proliferating SKUs and launching new products at a rapid rate. And then also they tap into the smaller customer part of the market, that's a requirement. In the Flexibles business we're doing a lot of the same things, Bemis is doing. We have some business process changes we’ve made to be able to respond quicker. From an asset perspective, we've got some short run printing presses in Europe, some digital printing assets. None of these are really material and you'd know from this business that the incremental productive asset is just a several million dollars, it's not a big capital cost. So as we roll forward and refresh the asset base, increasingly the asset investments go towards machines that are geared towards that part of the market. I think that's the Flexibles side. The Rigid Plastics business we alluded to in the release today continues to see really, really strong growth in the regional beverage side of the market. So the smaller customers that are participating in maybe one part of the US market or one product category continue to grow quite well. We're winning with them, I think plastic is winning with them to the question we had earlier about format preferences. And so, we expect to see that going forward to continue. 
Ron Delia: Yes. It’s a good question. Look I think first the easiest part is that there is no revenue synergy benefits included in any of the acquisition metrics that we’ve quoted today or previously, so that's potential source of upside. Look generally, our footprint -- our footprints are quite complementary, they’re the leader in North America and Brazil. We would be the leader in the other large regions in the world and both of us are seen as technology players with unique products, in Bemis' case high barrier films. We also are pretty well-regarded for higher films but we do a lot of foil-based packaging as well. And so the opportunity is to take the higher barrier films let's say that Bemis might be winning in North America, take those to Europe and Asia, and the rest of Latin America and similarly the products that we have in Europe that Bemis maybe doesn't have, the opportunities for us to take those from Europe to North America and to Brazil. So it's really a swap, it'll go both ways, but I think the key is that none of that potential opportunity is included in the deal metrics. 
Ron Delia: No, I think -- look I think we talked enough about some of the issues that have kind of manifested themselves in the 12 month period. There were industry issues, whether it was raw material increases or volumes, right? I mean I think that we weren't immune to those industry issues, they’ve started to abate. I would say we talked about raw materials. We haven't seen is a real turn yet, we saw leveling off I would say and the $5 million dollar adverse impact in fact. In the first half we expect to get that back but not more at this stage.  In the beverage space, look we had a return to volume growth. I think some of that was cycling inventory destocking last year, I'm not sure the market has generally gotten all that much more robust, but I think the business has demonstrated it can generate growth particularly with the smaller customers that I referred to earlier.  So nothing on the horizon John, I think the business continues to be pretty resilient and defensive and once in a while you have a period like we had last year where there was a few things hitting the industry at once and you’re aware of it but we’re just focused on what we can control and we feel pretty good about the half and the outlook for the second half. 
Ron Delia: Yes. It was positive. It grew modestly and I think volume growth was 6% ex-Argentina and the business benefited from that, benefited from mix and benefited from good cost performance, so the earnings of that. 
Ron Delia: Look, I think at the end of the day it's going to cost what it would cost in the consumer world demand that that's a solution and scale benefits will accrue over time. At the moment recycled content tends to be more expensive but that's partially a function of the scale through the value chain or the supply chain. There's no technical reason why processing recycled input should cost more than processing virgin resin pellet, it's more the security of supply and the -- just the lack of capacity or lack of supply that’s out there which has held the economics back but the production processes should not be different. 
Ron Delia: Yes, it’s a good question. I mean first of all our efforts on the product development front are expansive. So recyclability we think and our customers would say is the likely best outcome for almost every category and every format. But our customers and Amcor in fact or Amcor like our customers are exploring a full range of solutions including compostability and biodegradability, bio-based materials and alike. We also talk to some of them from time-to-time about more fiber-based laminates. I think the reality Richard as you would understand I mean the barrier requirements that some of these products now demand, particularly if the functionality is to be preserved, are not going to be easily addressed by an alternative. And I think the customers know that, I think they have some very high-profile examples that they may see to point too. But I think generally speaking, the categories that we are supplying into are best served by plastics in most cases.
Ron Delia: Yes, that’s an overwrap business. I would say if you think about the core of Bemis they have got some very high value-add films and structures for meat and proteins liquids which is very much like our high-performance business in Europe. Those are the areas where it's difficult to see substitutes in near term, particularly anything close to attractive cost.
Ron Delia: Yes, net of the Alusa settlement and a number of other things, we are not disclosing the gross because it's confidential matter, just settlement with the private party. 
Ron Delia: Yes. The growth has slowed for sure in the second quarter, we did have growth in the second quarter, but less than we had in the first quarter and that's primarily because the first quarter last year we had -- and this is in North America beverage that I'm referring to. The first quarter last year we had a really pronounced and rapid destocking particularly with one of our major customers. And so the growth rate or the decline rate last year was not indicative of the market and the growth rate this year benefited from cycling that destocking. I think the second quarter was more normalized from inventory perspective on we had modest growth, which I guess you could say is the exit run rate, which is why our outlook for the year hasn’t changed. We expect modest organic volume growth in that business for the year for the remainder of year. 
Ron Delia: Yes, so I think it's a really good question. I mean intellectual property is going to be really important here precisely because it's not necessarily simpler, in fact it's actually harder you got to develop the material to do all the things that it does today for the consumer, which is preserve shelf life for a long period of time, provide ease of opening, provide the ability in many cases to cook the product in the package, provide aesthetically pleasing graphics, all of those things that the consumer has come to expect and demand, you need to then provide in a recyclable format which makes the technical challenge quite substantial and more IP intensive I would say. We've announced two products in the last couple of months which are good illustrations of that where we've taken in one case we've got a material called HeatFlex, which takes multi-layers in a traditional laminate down to one based film that provides the same sort of barriers with a similar look and feel. And it allows the product -- it allows for retort packaging so this is where the product is cooked inside the package at very high temperatures, it's quite demanding of the packaging material, and it is quite a bit of technology to get to a single layer material to substitute the qualities that have been previously provided by multiple layers, including foil, including metal. That would be one example we announced another one last week called Genesis, which is in all polyethylene formulation, again to substitute laminates made for multi-materials and both of those products that I mentioned are fully recyclable. So the technology requirement there is quite extensive and while the material mix might be “simpler” the technology in the science in the development of those products is actually quite a bit more intense.  While the co-investments -- look just in the event that we have an opportunity to supply at a very high volume any of these new innovations and a customer particularly benefits from that and like we've done over the years, there's an opportunity to co-invest where it's good for them to help ensure that we get the capacity in place and de-risk the investments for us, and it's a win-win, it's a best way for us to cement the partnership.
Ron Delia: Yes, there're other -- so the co-investments or potential co-investments I refer to are more in the converting assets, but we are investing and you could say co-investing in recycling partnerships in different parts of the world that our customers are also contributing to, among others. So we have a couple of partnerships in the US for curbside recycling both for rigid plastics but also flexible packaging and Amcor along with a number of others including our customers and governments and NGOs are contributing to some of those partnerships and you could then characterize that as a co-investment as well.  We have a question from Larry Gandler on the line.
Ron Delia: There's two Larry that we're referring to. One is the recycling partnership, which has been around for four or five years it's primarily rigids focused, it's essentially nonprofit, which brings together Amcor -- not just Amcor but converters, brand owners and alike to fund recycling infrastructure it's focused on some pilot cities in the United States now. The other one is around curbside recycling for flexible packaging and it's a organization -- the acronym is MRFF and basically it's trialing curbside recycling of Flexibles and helping invest in optical sorting at Murph’s to enable the recycling of flexible products through the same recycling streams as other -- as the other recyclables. 
Ron Delia: Yes, so couple of things Larry, it is the mix towards more of the heat not burn products, in some of the regions. Those are the alternative products that Phillip Morris and others have introduced, but also we’ve picked up some business in Asia and our customers performed pretty well in Asia as well as in Eastern Europe. 
Ron Delia: Yes there's a little bit of that but that wouldn't have been a material driver of the increase, there's a modest increase from that.
Ron Delia: Actually we're pretty pleased with the margin performance in that business, the raw materials went up quite substantially which inflates the revenue line and then to the detriment of the percentage margin, the percentage margin gets distorted quite a bit by that sales movement excluding that impact the margins expanded 20 basis points. And when we look at on a per 1,000 basis, which is how we run the business, you see good expansion of the average margin per 1,000. So we’re pretty pleased with where that business is that the mix improved with good hot-fill sales which is more value-added end of the beverage space and then, especially container business continued to grow as well. So we’re pretty happy with that business right.
Ron Delia: Yes. The number that’s in the accounts is the accounting number, the cash that we’re going to invest is about 40 million to 45 million and the return we expect is about 40%, so it’s just a bit over two years of payback and it’s a combination of footprint work and overhead reductions that you'll see start to accelerate in the second half. We had a modest benefit in first half, we will see 5 million to 10 million for the full year as the initiatives pick up in the second half. 
Ron Delia: We will go backwards with the Bemis transaction before we go forward as well. So we have two more on the phone, we have Grant Slade from Morningstar. 
Ron Delia: Yes, look I think that the developed markets volumes were more or less like flat, we talked about mix earlier. We had really good growth in the healthcare space in North America and Europe. We had good growth in a number the food categories but we also had softness in yogurt and ready meals and some of the other things that I referred to earlier. So I think that our growth mirrors the market, these are particularly in food, healthcare aside, but in food and personal care, you see market growth of 1% or 2% and that's typically what we see, typically we would be picking up share and winning business, but also sharing business at the same time, and so that nets out to low single-digit growth in any given period, there’s nothing really out of the ordinary about the last six months.  Okay we have more from Keith Chau, Evans and Partners.
Ron Delia: Yes. It’s a good question, I mean the short answer is we will get all the $48 million back. Our guidance assumes that $5 million comes back in the second half. It is entirely dependent on the slope of the input costs and the price changes in the commodities and the inventory movements through our supply chain. If we look back six months we saw raw materials relatively flat for the first four months of this year. We saw polymer-based raw materials decline in November and December. And what we see going forward is a mixed bag. We see generally resin indices up between 3%, 4%, 5% across our portfolio and that's driven by a number of things including a number of planned and announced outages in the polyethylene space. So it’s difficult to forecast, but the starting point is that the business passes through all of the changes up and down. So we will get the remainder of the $48 million back beyond the second half if we don't get release from the commodity industries.
Ron Delia: Yes, off of current -- from the current point in time forward we look forward across the different published indices. You see mid single-digit increases from the end of first half.
