Melanie Miller: Thank you, operator. Welcome to our First Quarter 2011 Conference Call. Today is April 28, 2011. After today's call, a replay will be available on our website, www.bemis.com, under the Investor Relations section.  Joining me for this call today are Bemis Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Henry Theisen; and our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Scott Ullem. Today, Henry will begin with comments on the performance of the business, followed by Scott with comments on the detailed financial results. After our comments, we will answer any questions you have. [Operator Instructions]  Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that statements regarding future performance of the company made in this teleconference are forward-looking and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from historical, expected or projected results due to a variety of factors, including currency fluctuations, changes in raw material costs and availability, industry competition, unexpected consumer buying trends or customer order patterns, our ability to pass along increased costs in our selling prices, changes in government regulatory requirements, interest rate fluctuations and regional economic conditions. A more complete list of risk factors is included in our regular SEC filings, including the most recently filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010. Now I'll turn the call over to Henry Theisen.
Melanie Miller: If you break out our Flexible Packaging business into the various market categories that we sell into, meat and cheese is roughly about 30% of our Flexible Packaging. But then -- and that's going to be one that's high barrier. Dairy and liquids is way over 10%. Some of the dry foods category would fall into this. That's close to 6%. And then you get into other specialty type areas, so that's another 10%. So it's going to be somewhere over 50% at least. And then it just depends upon what other specialty resins are in that -- in those more simple categories. Because even as you look at confectionery and snacks, some of the snack foods have a lot of other types of specialty resins in them, depending on the type of package. So medical is in there. Medical products is between -- depending on if you include pharma. I guess it'd be close to 10%, including pharma with medical.
Melanie Miller: Thank you very much, operator. We will be attending several conferences over the next 2 months, and we look forward to seeing many of you there. Thank you all for joining us today.
Henry Theisen: First off, we have not seen any drop in volumes in the first quarter related to food inflation. These are just some comments that we've picked up from a number of our customers who just look at what's going on and are just kind of a little bit cautious going forward. But we have not seen any effect in reduction in volumes based on that, as of today.
Henry Theisen: When we talk about specialty resins, the big hits are in the nylons, the acid copolymers. Polyester is a big hit related to the cotton prices. I think polyester resin is now at its highest level ever going into the water season. So polyesters, nylons, high EVAs, acid copolymers, ionomers, all of the things that fit into that specialty area. And it's pretty much around the globe.
Henry Theisen: We're seeing the same level of passing our price increases through as we characteristically had through the past. Earlier, Ghansham asked a little bit about how this compares to the 2007, and it's very similar. And we are being successful in, first off, increasing prices to our non-agreement customers. And secondly, we are actively passing through the raw material increases for the agreements we have.
Henry Theisen: I think you're correct in saying it's a 3- to 4-year process. We will work diligently when these contracts come up for renewal to review the terms and improve these terms that, quite frankly, we can't be in the middle having 6-month escalated/de-escalated clauses we inherited from the transaction with Alcan. And you can't just be in the middle between our customers and our raw material suppliers and absorb that. So as these contracts come up, especially the ones from Alcan, we will actively pursue reduced terms.
Henry Theisen: If you look at which areas really run the specialty resins, it's in our high barrier. It would be the products that require extended shelf life.
Henry Theisen: Up until today, we have had very few -- I'm almost going to say none, but I hate to say none without knowing exactly. But it's very, very few that have come up. They're really going to start coming up later this year, the first part of next year. So we really don't have any experience to pass on to along those lines.
Henry Theisen: The new business that we talked about, and I think it's a lot like all new businesses will be at higher margins than our average business. When we introduce products, we get an opportunity to price those products, and we price those with higher margins. And then, of course, as you know, over time, thanks to the standard curve go down. But I expect all of our new products will go out with higher margins than the average we have in our Flexible business. And as far as what the volumes will be, I think we can look at growing our new business $50 million to $100 million. And a lot of that just depends upon how fast we could scale up those products.
Henry Theisen: I think everyone, all of our competitors, and everyone in our industry or anyone even really related to the chemical industry has to look at this and say that these 6-month terms that are out there just are not sustainable. I don't think anybody can absorb the kind of increases we've seen and not be able to pass those through in a shorter period of time. I think everybody's going to be suffering the same way.
Henry Theisen: I think that, that was tracking very well. In fact I think we're slightly ahead of where we thought we would be as far as synergies with the Alcan acquisition. Unfortunately, the magnitude of the raw material increases are just varying the good things that have happened along those lines.
Henry Theisen: I think when you go in and you talk to the customer it is a negotiation. And all things will be on. The margins will be on the line, what business you're going to do on the line, what kind of terms will be on the line. I think all of those things are up for negotiation and discussion at the time. And then you just got to negotiate them. Some things you give on, some not. And as in most contracts, both people walk away feeling that they've gained some things and lost some things in it.
Henry Theisen: When you launch new business, you price it on the day that you launch the business. So you launch it with all the current raw material costs and everything in it. You get to set that initial price.
Henry Theisen: As we talked about optimizing our footprint and optimizing our specifications and, in some cases, taking a look at where we made 2 separate specifications for packaging the same product and how we put things in our plant, we experienced some excess waste in doing that. We experienced a little bit of extra downtime. We've had to put a little more work into getting some of the equipment to run efficiently.
Henry Theisen: No, we anticipated some costs associated with the optimization of our footprint and the optimization of our specifications. But we had some additional difficulties that we did not expect. But we're through those now, and we expect to see the benefits of making those adjustments as we go through the rest of the year.
Henry Theisen: We're not actively trying to pursue some of those areas that are more commodity that we let go last year. Scott's remarks were about stabilizing what we have, and it’s is in the niche areas where we compete very well with our technologies. And our desire is to grow in those niche areas. We're such a distant minor player compared to the number one person over there in Amcor that we just have to find our spots where we can operate profitably.
Henry Theisen: R&D. R&D is going very well. We don't run R&D in a pilot plant or anything. We actually do it out in our manufacturing facilities because we believe that allows to scale up better. And it also puts our engineers in the plant with the operating guys, so that we run more efficiently. Our R&D expenses really just kind of track the number of people we have and some minor expenses. So our R&D pipeline is full. We've moved into a new facility. We call it our Bemis innovation center. We've combined all our technical people under one roof to share ideas. We're generating a lot of good thoughts and in our R&D pipeline, and the attitude in R&D and the morale in R&D is very fine. And we're just going to have some great new products coming out of there for multiple markets.
Henry Theisen: This would be a frozen pizza so it would have a corrugated platter, if you want to call it, on the bottom, and it would have a, I call it, a rigid forming film so that it can support the sides. And then a lid stock, a printed high barrier lid stock. So what you're really doing is you're taking away the carton, and the package is replacing the protection and the stiffness and the support that the carton supplied.
Henry Theisen: I think the customers' desire to put new products out in the market increases in times like this, because they all recognize that packaging is a differentiator from other people in the marketplace. And they want to be the first one out there with those new packages. So you really don't see big changes in that occurring in our R&D area. The same push, the same drive by our customers to introduce those new products and those new packages continues.
Henry Theisen: George, many of our customers, both from North America here, have operations in Europe, have operations around the globe. And we're going to work to strengthen our European operations. We're committed to being in Europe, and we're going to fix Europe. It may take us longer because we are such a smaller player. But we have customers in Europe, and we're going to service those customers long term.
Henry Theisen: We just had an American Meat Institute packaging show, and we introduced FreshCase there for a lot of people who come in. It's the first time many customers had an opportunity to see it. It is generating tremendous interest, and people are excited about it. We have numerous trials going around with various customers. I expect to start seeing FreshCase in the marketplace later this year.
Henry Theisen: Yes, they do. We are -- our guidance reflects all proposed price increases, and ones that are also effective as of today that we know about.
Henry Theisen: In the self-rising pizza, we have a major position in there, in the self-rising pizza business. And I don't know if this is going to give us more market share, but I'm certainly hoping that our customers sell more pizzas, and that's our growth in that area.
Scott Ullem: George, it's Scott. It's really not possible to track exactly what impact the lag had for different customers and different terms of contracts. Just we don't have the breakout.
Scott Ullem: Yes. Chris, it's a good question. The answer is that, certainly, having a broader sales bag of products that we can sell is helping our relationship with customers who have broad product portfolios. And so I think we're seeing the benefits of having both the existing former Food Americas product line but also the new product pipeline that we can offer to our customers and it's helping our ability to get price. As Henry said before, all these customer relationships are driven by a combination of product differentiation, pricing and margin, terms. And so I think we're feeling very good about our ability to get paid for our products that have a differentiated position in the marketplace, whether they were the Food Americas product line or Bemis product line because they're all now combined.
Scott Ullem: George, volume was up slightly in Flexible Packaging, especially in the areas where we're selling high barrier property films. The real growth in the balance of 2011 is going to come from new products and new product line extensions. There's not -- we don't see a lot of volume growth in the market overall, but we're feeling good about our volume prospects just because of the new product pipeline that we're rolling out.
Scott Ullem: There's a second element as well, which is there's a lot of focus on material content reduction and sustainability, where Bemis really has a leading edge. And as Henry mentioned, a couple of new products like creamer cups, for example, where we are saving a lot of material, saving costs for us, saving costs for our customer and meeting the -- some broader sustainability objectives that I think we all have.
Scott Ullem: Yes. Historically, we have sold same products to both the branded customers and to private label customers. Oftentimes, the contract packers are making both branded and store brand on the same lines. What we've seen is -- in fact, some of the growth that we're seeing is from store brand contract packers and customers. And so we're feeling good about having that shift well covered. The interesting thing is that the store brand customers, the private label manufacturers want the same types of convenience features and quality graphics properties and, of course, all the food protection requirements as branded food manufacturers want. And so we like the private label customers just as well as we like our traditional branded customers.
Scott Ullem: George, first question on Mexico. We are really pleased with the performance of our Mexican operations. Two years ago, our business in Mexico was struggling. The Food Americas business in Mexico, when we actually closed the transaction, was not performing up to expectations. And our management team there has done really an excellent job of turning that business around and improving what is now a combined business. And we've done it through focus on profitable customers and focus on the manufacturing footprints that we're running very efficiently there. Second question on European Flexible Packaging, you're right. This has been a long struggle with our business there. We are subscale, and it's a very difficult market environment. And so what we're really focused on is what we can control. We cannot control how many competitors in the marketplace. We cannot control how our customers behave. What we can control is how efficiently we run our plants and the markets on which we focus, which are really niche markets around meat and cheese where we have a differentiable product that we can compete with in the marketplace. And we're going to continue to do that.
