Ron Delia: Yes, good way to get started here again, volume story has been quite volatile. I mean if you go back even to the end of our second quarter, we had flagged that demand or volumes had softened coming through the back end of calendar '22, and that certainly continued. In the first couple of months of the year, January and February, we were down about 1% or 2%, March, down almost 7% with the heightened volatility, which I'll come back to. As we look forward to the fourth quarter, we just are extrapolating what we've experienced in March and to some extent, already through the month of April to get to that mid-single-digit decline, certain categories. And we've seen destocking continue to see destocking in a number of categories, particularly ones that were affected by some of the supply chain constraints over the last 18 to 24 months where we know there is a lot of over ordering in some cases to buttress against those challenges. So segments like meat certain part of the coffee space, premium coffee, healthcare to some extent which is cycling a stronger comp. That's what we expect for the fourth quarter. As far as the volatility, it's really just week-to-week order changes and schedule alterations and things of that nature, which just make it a little bit harder to take as much cost out as you'd like. It's just a particularly volatile period out there. North American beverage, in particular, for a number of reasons, including the seasonality of that business has continued to be particularly volatile. So, we're expecting that to continue along with the demand weakness in the fiscal fourth quarter here.
Ron Delia: It hasn't necessarily slowed the dialogue with customers on new product development. I would say almost universally, our new product development agenda is with our big customers are oriented around sustainable packaging and delivering a package that's more sustainable than the one that's in the market today. That has not abated at all. That has not slowed. If anything, it's accelerated as we came out of COVID, our brand owners have the same public commitments that we have to make their packaging recyclable or compostable or reusable mostly by 2025 and to use more recycled content. And so we've not seen any slowdown to date in the product development side.
Ron Delia: Yes, sure. I mean, just to remind people the structural benefits program, we're investing around $170 million in cash to help offset the disposed Russia earnings. The expectation is that the benefits from that will be around 30% on the cash investment. We've already made some initial inroads into those projects. We closed three plants and a past closure as well. So we'd expect the benefits start to build on that through FY '24, albeit weighted to the second half of FY '24. And so we'd expect 2/3 or a little more of the benefit of that $50 million to come through in '24 and then the balance is '25. But we've made a good start on that, and you'll start to see those benefits build through the year in '24.
Ron Delia: Yes. Sure, Keith. Look, it's hard to parse out too specifically, but a couple of things to think about. One is that the scanner data in Europe and North America that's tracking sell-through at retail has been in that mid-single-digit decline range now for a period -- for a reasonable period of time a couple of months at least. And so we're not anticipating that that's going to improve at all on top of which then you have some destocking in certain segments. Some of them are pronounced destocking we see is in the premium coffee space. We see destocking in protein we've seen destocking to some extent in the medical packaging space, again, places where there may have been some over ordering in light of supply chain constraints. So that's additive then to the demand deterioration on the consumer side of things. And then the offset is that we pick up some share along the way as well. So those are the three components of what we expect to be a mid-single digit decline in Q4.
Ron Delia: Given that we're talking about fast-moving consumer goods, any destocking should be relatively short-lived. The caveat to that is as consumer demand comes down, that means more inventory needs to come out of the system. And so my sense is that, that's prolonging the destocking here a little bit because it's been going on now for a couple of quarters. And best estimates that probably will continue for another couple of quarters, particularly in some of the businesses that are more seasonal, where the calendar second quarter and third quarter tend to be stronger, we're likely to see more inventory come out of the system through that time period.
Ron Delia: Yes. Well, Ron, I'll start the answer, and Michael can build on it. Look, the scope is global. And we've announced three plants that are going to come out of the system already and another half of the plan, a big department that we're going to reduce and it's a global program. Could it be more? It could be. We're going to wait and see how the demand environment evolves from here, but we're off to a good start and those plants will be coming to them over the next several quarters with the benefits flowing through the second half of -- well, building through fiscal '24, as Michael outlined already.
Ron Delia: I think we see some good examples in the beverage business, in particular, in the hot fill space. Our hot-fill volumes were up about 1%, which is ahead of the market. And I think it's, I think, a testament to the different lightweighting products that we've been able to bring to the market. That's one. I think in health care is another one where our growth has been really strong, particularly in the pharmaceutical side of things over the last several quarters, probably going back into last year as well. So, those two come to mind is places where we're likely to have picked up a bit of share.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, I think we're going to have a couple of non-operating headwinds dissipate as we get into fiscal '24. So certainly, we won't be cycling the absence of the Russian earnings in the second half. We sold that business right at the end of our fiscal first half this past year. So by the end of this calendar year or the end of our fiscal second quarter, that headwind will go away. Interest rates really started to rise around this time last year. And so that's going to be -- interest will be more of a in the first half. But certainly, based on the forward curve and the expectations we have for rates going into calendar '24, we would expect that headwind abates. And then the third building block is the structural cost reductions that we've talked about a bit. And as Michael said, it's roughly $50 million of benefits that we see at this point in time. Roughly 2/3 of those benefits, we would expect in fiscal '24, with the momentum building through the second half of fiscal '24. So those are some of the big components. And the other piece, obviously, is just what happens to underlying demand and how does that evolve through the rest of the year. And we're certainly not in a position today to forecast that. I think we'll wait until we come to market as we do each year in August and provide guidance for the coming fiscal; year.
Ron Delia: Yes, it's a good question. I think about mix, and I think about a much longer time period and a much longer time horizon. Mix has been part of our algorithm and an important part for almost. And we know that these markets, particularly the consumer staples and the health care markets that we're exposed to are going to grow collectively in the low single-digit range when things normalize. And when I say when things normalize, it means when the consumer adjusts to inflation and when the inventory destocking is completed through the value chain. We're going to have a base amount of growth in the business that's at low single digits. Then we have certain priority segments and categories that we've been doubling down on and investing disproportionately. And so health care, both medical and pharmaceutical packaging, protein, coffee, pet care. These segments and the packaging intensity in these segments has been growing at higher than general market rates, those are all mix accretive to us. And so if you take a longer-term view, mix has been an important driver of earnings growth for this company for over a decade. We would expect that, that will continue going forward as soon as we get through this short-term set of short-term market dynamics that we're facing right now.
Ron Delia: No. Look, that's flowing through already. That's the year-to-date cost savings that have come out of the business. If you think about the year, we've had pricing to compensate for inflation, and then we've taken cost out to compensate for volume and mix going the other way. And the business through nine months has grown its EBITDA by 4%, roughly $50 million in EBIT growth. And the building blocks are as I just outlined.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, price in the industry, I think you have to break down into the two components that the two main components. So, the raw material pricing in the industry is certainly cyclical. It ebbs and flows with the commodity cycle. We've come off a period while we believe that we're coming off a period of prolonged raw material increases as those abate, then the pricing that we need to put into the marketplace to compensate will start to come down. The other part is pricing just around general inflation. And that's something that the industry hasn't seen in 40 years. We have not seen inflation above the rate of normal productivity growth. And I think our view would be we're pretty pleased with the amount of pricing that we've been able to realize to cover the general inflation, the non-raw material price or cost increases that we've had to wear. It's demonstrated to us that there is pricing power in our value proposition, and we've been able to fully compensate. So I think it remains to be seen where inflation goes from here. Hopefully, there are some positive signs that maybe the rates of increases are slowing. And if that's the case, then our rate of pricing will slow as well.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, we believe and we think that the customer would agree that aluminum capsule is as sustainable as any other alternative out there. It's fully recyclable, and we're making it with recycled aluminum content. And they've -- that customer has invested a lot in the infrastructure to actually make that a fully circular system. So, we're pretty comfortable with the sustainability credentials of that particular format. But nevertheless, we're active on the fiber side as you would know, with the fiber line, and we're making good traction on that side of the business as well. If that's the direction customers want to go, I think we're going to be well equipped to meet them where they are.
Ron Delia: I think a couple of things, Kyle. One is we're still out there pricing for inflation. So it's still out there. It's real. Maybe the rates of increase have slowed, but prices or costs are well elevated well above where they were a year or two years ago for sure. So we're still out there recovering. There is a lag. There's always a lag. It's no different to any other cycle around pricing. And there's always a little bit of a time lag as we work through contracts and contracts mature, et cetera, we're resetting at higher prices, but we are recovering. I think as far as the residual impact or the impact on demand. There are some examples of shifts. So what we see in the beverage business, in particular, in North America is a shift more towards value packs. We see a lot of smaller containers that go into 12 packs or 24 packs. We see volumes in that side of the business growing much more rapidly than larger sizes. We see channel shifts as well. So, we see less sales going through the C-store channel. Gas station sales are way down compared to club stores, et cetera. So you do see some more of a shift -- you do see a bit more of a shift towards value by the consumer.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, Brook, we've done really great so far, and these are all very small deals. The Mota deal that we announced today is a small one. It's really one with an eye towards the long term. It's a small business with less than 30 people sales around 20 million. It's not a business that's going to materially change the EBIT trajectory of the business going forward. And similarly, MDK in China is a business that's around $50 million in sales. The plant in Eastern Europe is just that. It's a plant. It's very -- running at a very low utilization. And what we're going to do is fill it by moving business from Western Europe into the low-cost hub that we've acquired in Eastern Europe. So all of these are relatively small, they all help incrementally move the ball forward, but none of them are going to have a meaningful impact on FY '24 earnings, which is why I didn't call them out.
Ron Delia: Well, I'm not going to comment on anybody else's performance. I can tell you, from our side, when we look at the market, we assess it through the lens of the scanner data at retail and what our customers are reporting. And we would say that certainly coming through this earnings season, that all stacks up with our performance is kind of like right on line with the average of what customers have reported and probably a little bit ahead of the retail scan data, which might suggest that some of the larger customers are taking some share.
Ron Delia: Yes. No. As I think I alluded to in response to one of the other questions, if we think about it from a year-to-date perspective or the third quarter, however you want to look at it, we've been fully recovering, general cost inflation. And that's about $250 million of price that we put into the market this year on a roughly equal amount of inflation. I wouldn't say it's harder. I would say that there is always a bit of a lag. If you think about our business, about 70% of it is contracted, 30% not contracted, right? So, we're certainly fully caught up with very little lag on the un-contracted portion of the business. On the contracted portion, as we roll contracts as they mature and we renew them, we reset pricing and we also expand the inflation coverage and shorten the time between price adjustments. That's just a function of the book of business and the customer or the contract book contract portfolio that we have. So, there's always contracts that need to be reset, and we'll have several that reset over the next 6 to 12 months.
Ron Delia: I think the starting point is where is the consumer right now at this point in time. And I think there's always been really strong alignment between the package format and the channel and the usage occasion. And if we go back over a long period of time, the pet bottle generally, whether it's cold fill or hot fill, has been predominantly through the cold channel. It's been predominantly single-serve whether it's hot fill or cold fill, soft drinks or sports drinks and the can has tended to be the value pack. And whenever times are tougher for the consumer and when they're gravitating more towards value and buying things in units of 12 or 24, that tends to be through the warm distribution channel and tends to be through retail, big box retail, and conventional retail and not through the convenience channel where most of our products go through. So, I do think that -- I wouldn't call it a substrate shift as much as I would just say, it's a consumer thinking with their pocketbook at this point in time and buying things at the lower price point per unit.
Ron Delia: Look, Cameron, I would say that generally, we're going to be reasonably well positioned in a recession because the end market exposure of the business now is as defensive as it's ever been. Basically, all of our sales are going into consumer staples fast-moving consumer goods or health care. And those through past economic cycles have held up reasonably well. I think we've got a softer consumer environment at the moment. At the same time, that were coming off a number of different dynamics that have led to lots of inventory in the system. And I'm talking about COVID and then the supply chain complexities and constraints that followed. That work itself through. I think to the extent there are recessionary conditions in some of our larger markets. I think that we would expect to continue to be well positioned if I think back to the global financial crisis, which is some time ago now. Our volumes were down low single digits through that period, and we were able to hold our earnings. So, I feel pretty good about where we're positioned, but we're not sitting around waiting or hoping. I mean that's point of the cost outs, the cost-out initiatives that we've described today and the pricing actions that we've taken to really make sure that we're that we're not expecting the consumer to return and volume to start to grow more robustly than it has been.
Ron Delia: Okay. Thanks, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining the call today and for your interest in Amcor. And with that, we'll close the call. Thanks.
Michael Casamento: Yes, it's Michael here. I can take that three for you. Thanks for the question. Yes, look, I mean, Q4, where we see raw materials right now, we've seen a relatively line environment in Q3. Q1, we saw raw materials come off in Q2, a more modest reduction. And then in Q2, Q3, relatively flat remembering that we have a broad base of raw materials we purchased angiographies across the globe. So as we look forward into Q4, relatively benign environment, we'd expect. So from a price/cost perspective, -- you've seen it actually come down as we progress through the year. So in Q4, it's going to be a very modest price increase or flat thereabouts. From an inflationary standpoint, we continue to see inflation in things like labor. I mean we've reset labor rates as of the 1st of January. So you've seen mid-single-digit increases there continue. Things like energy we continue to see increases and spikes in places like the West Coast of North America and Europe, still seeing significant increases in energy in that space. So, you saw us talk about the recovery of around $250 million in price year-to-date on general inflation and $750 million on raw materials. As we look forward into Q4, I think from a general inflation standpoint, we'd expect to see a similar number as we saw in Q3, which is around that $100 million mark.
Michael Casamento: Yes. So John, I'll start there. And absolutely, we had price benefit in the period, which I touched on earlier. We recovered over $100 million in inflation during the period. I mean the mix -- what we have seen is some unfavorable mix around areas like the protein and premium coffee where we've seen some softness in demand, both from a consumer but also some destocking. So that's impacted mix negatively. On the offset to that, you still had in Q3, reasonable health care performance, albeit lapping a stronger comp. But some mix benefit coming through there. Pet food is another one in the in our focus categories where we've seen good growth there, which is driving mix. But as we look forward, I think that was really what we saw in the quarter, a bit of a tale of two stories. And then Ron touched on how we will think about things moving forward.
Michael Casamento: As I said earlier, the raw material environment in Q3 was relatively benign after some drop in Q1 or modest drop in Q2. So in Q3, we still have a modest benefit in the P&L on the base cost lag. As we look forward into Q4, as I said earlier, that right now the environment looks relatively benign across what we see across the globe. So, I think the benefit in Q4, if anything, will just be a modest price, price cost lag benefit similar to Q3. So as you think about the full year, it's really just been overall, it would be a relatively modest benefit from the raw material price position. As we look into '24, it's too early to tell, we'll wait and see where it's going from here.
Michael Casamento: Yes, sure. I can touch on the cash flow. So, I mean, what we've seen this year is the cash flow is behind prior year. And it's largely on the back of working capital outflows. And particularly in the first half, we were building inventory on the back of supply constraints in the system. We kind of peaked inventory in November have started to see that come out of the system. And if you think about the quarter we've just gone, we took about $100 million out of inventory. But we didn't get the benefit of that coming through the cash flow in the way that we'd expect it because what we're seeing on the back of the lower demand environment and also trying to take inventory out of the system is our payables are much lower where they were as well. So, the payables and the temporary position we see, the payables are lower than we would normally expect. As we continue to take inventory out of the system and also work our way through a softer demand environment. As we look into Q4 and what we've included in the guidance is Q4 is typically our strongest quarter of cash flow seasonally. I mean we do have a seasonal cash flow really on the back of the fact that Q4 is our strongest earnings. We also typically build inventory during the year and then that releases in Q4 as we get into the busy period, particularly in the beverage business. And we also have some favorable commercial terms with our customers and suppliers, which help drive the cash flow. So what we're anticipating for Q4 is that we will continue to see some reduction in inventory -- we've probably got another $100 million, $150 million to go to get back to a more normal level. So, we're expecting to see that start -- continue to come through in Q4 and realistically, based on the guidance, deliver the same cash that we delivered last year in Q4, and that was in a period last year where inventories were still increasing. So, we feel pretty confident in the guidance range that we've given in that $800 million to $900 million for the full year.
