William Austen: Thank you, Erin, and good morning everyone. Our earnings this quarter improved sequentially primarily on account improving operational performance in our U.S. business and variable cost reductions in Brazil. Mike will review the financials in more detail, but I will start by discussing the progress we are making to align our business and cost structure for long-term success, during September we announced the final details of our $65 million restructuring and cost savings plan. We are executing this plan to align our fixed manufacturing and administrative cost structures to the current environment and to position our business well for the long-term. Our comprehensive and through review of the business led to a decision to close four plants, reduce 500 administrative positions, consolidate office spaces and reduce a variety of other operational and administrative expenses. We have established and staffed an enterprise project management office, which reports to me to enhance accountability and ensure results are delivered on time, our restructuring and cost savings plan is front and center and we're focused on delivering its benefit, in addition to the actions we're taking to align our cost structure, we're also deeply involved in works to position our resources for the long-term strength and growth, internally we call this all-encompassing work, agility, I will turn it over to Mike to cover financials now and I will come back to share my perspective on how agility is moving Bemis forward.
William Austen: Thanks Mike. Agility, it involves moving quickly and easily. I would view it as a mindset. During the last couple of months, we've spent time analyzing and urgently pursuing all options for improvement. For the properly considered many perspectives, our financial results well profitable and strong cash flow, they are not satisfactory nor do they meet our expectations. Our customers, they have told us that we are an innovation leader and problem solver. We provide them with value-added products to help them succeed and they support the steps that we are taking to enhance our quality and service and provide them more fit-for-purpose solutions. Our employees and leaders, they recently completed an employee engagement survey. The result, they want to win, they want to be more competitive, they want to serve our customers better and most significant in my mind employees overwhelming indicated that they are willing to give extra effort to help our company succeed. I applaud our employees for being engaged and taking actions. We recognize that our business model requires enhancement and change. We have stated that prolong approach to agility thus strengthen and grow. High level, fix involves near term profitability improvements and strengthening growth creates the foundation for continued success of the company specifically with regard to fixing our business, our cost savings plan clearly defines a fast forward in terms of appropriately aligning our cost structure. We are executing on this plan with clear direction and speed. With regard to strengthening our business, our approach involves simplifying and better managing our product portfolio and organizational structure rebalancing our R&D efforts to focus on manufacturing improvements such as waste reduction and leveraging the investments we've made in new converting equipment. With regard to growing our business, we are developing plans to more deliberately pursue the pockets of growth in our market such as small to midsize customers and consumer and industrial applications to be clear, we highly value our existing base of large CPG customers, which creates the backbone for our business. These customers provide us large volumes and will always be part of our mix. However, as consumer preferences are shifted, the work we are doing to deliberately align portions of our production asset base and our people around small to midsize customers and non-food applications will allow us to more deeply penetrate some pockets of growth that historically our business model has not focused on. I don't anticipate growth from this overnight, but the plan we are developing positioned Bemis very well for the long-term. As I reflect over the last couple of years, we've driven change and made progress. We take out more than $125 million or working capital and implemented the right processes to hold it. We've established the framework to return free cash flow to shareholders resulting in over $700 million of value return through dividends and share repurchase. We completed and implanted two strategic acquisitions [indiscernible] and we welcome new leaders to our Latin American healthcare and U.S. businesses we've driven change and we will continue to drive change in the future. We are taking actions to improve our cost structure and align our business strategically to be successful in a changing environment. The entire management team and I are confident that our efforts and actions will provide improvement. We have great people, great customers and great products from which they build future success. We determine in a sense and committed to transforming our business and positioning Bemis to provide a sound investment for our shareholders over the long-term. With that, I'll turn the call over for questions.
William Austen: Yes, Brian, a good question. Just to give you an overview of LATAM. Volume down 10%, Q2 down 7%, Q3 which was in line with what we had expected and anticipated and we had planned for, hurricane impact, very significant in early October, particularly in resin -- one material that we use for our rigid business where we have a very high share content of customers' portfolio. It's a very strange, if you will, resin environment there on this particular resin in that there is primarily one supplier only. They push through a very large increase. And while we do have contractual pass-throughs, it's the amount of increase in an environment, yes, where there is inflation, but the inflation rate has come down significantly. And the market demand, the consumer pull for products, as you can see, is down, but still better than it was in Q2. So there's just a huge pushback from the customer base in taking this large increase in raw material. We and the team down there are every day in front of the customers pushing forward on this price increase, and these price increases. But it's particularly regarding one resin that used in our rigid business. But the environment has not changed. Inflation is -- yes, it has come down some, so it makes it that much more difficult to push that through.
William Austen: Yes, Scott. As Mike mentioned in his remarks, we had 2% volume growth in Q3. Some of that was from the contractual commitments that we received from customers. And if you look at what -- the drop in volume in Q4, it's because some of those customers that contractually committed to volume increases are not able to get that business to us in Q4, so our volume is down in Q4 for that reason. As well as the seasonality of a normal Q4 is always lower, where volumes are softer and weaker. And it also has to do with -- we're talking and aligning with our customers around what their Q4 volumes are going to look like. And that's all a function of where the holidays fall, what plants they're going to shut down, what plants they're going to run. So we don't get some of that contractual commitment in Q4 that we had anticipated. So some of it is just customers realigning their production schedules, others are we have not received some of the contractual commitments of volume that they had committed to.
William Austen: Sure, Chris. This is Bill. But let's start with the healthcare business. Healthcare is performing well. The issue that we're having in healthcare right now is the Puerto Rico environment. And if you're not familiar with our business in Puerto Rico it's a three-building site that one of the third buildings, which is a thermoforming facility, was completely destroyed. The other two buildings are fine. The employees came back to work. Fortunately all of our employees are in good shape. They immediately started showing up. We can run those other two buildings on generator, which we are doing. We are providing November, December volumes to customers in Puerto Rico that are giving us demand triggers. So healthcare continues to perform well, they've performed well through this downturn. And we have moved the thermoforming equipments already out of Puerto Rico back to the United States, but can fulfill orders to customers with that equipment from the U.S., so doing well in the healthcare business. Bemis Europe; though economic environment, okay, there is some growth. But there has been raw material increases particularly in nylon that impacts -- that's the high content in our product base -- in our product mix in Europe. So we're pushing through the nylon increases as fast as we can, and in a stable environment, but it is extremely competitive in Europe. We're seeing nice growth in the U.K., Spain, and Italy. And we've gotten some new wins in high barrier materials as well as high barrier shrink films. If you look at the CapEx that we've put into Europe over the past 12 to 18 months, we've installed a new press, that new press is up and running in one of our facilities in the U.K., very nice improvement coming out of that asset. If you move on to Asia Pacific third quarter revenue was up mid high single-digits, good growth in China, Malaysia and Australia and Z1 launched some new products into the electronics market for new projection films in Asia Pacific. We talked about Latin America and we primarily talked about Brazil, but if we talk about some of the other areas like Argentina and Mexico, Mexico had got probably the most stable environment right now and we are doing well in transforming the business from what would be commodity type products to more higher value products be it one of the seven layer assets we installed in Mexico over the last 12 months. If you go to Argentina, Argentina's economy is now doing better than it has been in the past. Inflation is still high, the CapEx investments that we made a few years ago 12 to 18 months ago in Argentina are now starting to drive productivity and as you look at that economy now becoming open, we made the right moves by putting in newer more productive assets in that region taking out the older assets when it was a close market, we were able to serve customers with very old asset but now that is an open market, competition comes in from everywhere and we product kind of got ahead of that with the asset recapitalization program we put into Argentina. We talked about Brazil already, from a - if you just think back on where Brazil was let's say two years ago through plant consolidation efforts that we put into Brazil, we used to have four rigid facilities in Brazil, we now have three and we can crack that volume through those three facilities, so as the economy starts to turn and we see volume increases, we will be very well positioned to generate improving profitability in that region with a rigid business. If you look at one of our film businesses down there primarily shrink films, we used to have two facilities manufacturing shrink film, we now have one. The second facility will be completely closed out by the end of December of this year, so as the economy begins to turn we will be very well positioned from a productivity perspective to increase our margins in that region because we taken that fixed cost out. So that's kind of a walk around the world Chris. That's where we are, things a moving ahead but the company is totally focused on this agility project and how we are taking cost out in the near term and how we are positioning ourselves for the long-term.
William Austen: Mark, these contracts are in place. Okay, we anticipate receiving this volume but some customers have not been able to let's say transition out or whatever reason that might exist from some of their existing supplier. We are receiving some of the volumes. We are not transitioning all of it yet across all the customer base but we -- these contracts are in place and it's going to roll forward.
William Austen: Yes, Ghansham. We talked over the last couple of years about the investments that we put into this north American and know the businesses as well, most recently Europe to recapitalize some of the older presses, laminators with us that we have in the business that don't necessarily, did not have the ability for quick change, shorter run, higher speed, lower waste tied to that as though that what we've been putting into the business over the last few years with our asset recapitalization program, it now making the deliberate move, the deliberate shift in the way and what business we schedule and plan on most pieces of equipment. So as we move to the smaller and shorter, smaller to midsize customers, their volumes are not necessarily as large and as long of a run or a campaign or a press or on a laminator. So we need to deliberately move the shorter run business from these smaller to midsize customers on for that equipment. We have $0.5 billion of this business today already. Okay, we have $500 million of what we would call shorter run quicker change type of business from smaller customers. So it's not that we don't do this already, the key here is it's a deliberate shift in not just how you run the asset but in how you staff it, plan it and crew it and get the mindset of the both to actually run that business. Just think about getting in and getting it off quickly.
William Austen: Yes, good question. We have thought about this and we have brought on some of these different type of sales people and yes the incentive plans are different and they are differently than someone who might be on national account. So yes, that is true. And as we looked at it you know it's a 12 to 18 month process to bring people in and start to see progress. We've already brought people in we've already seen progress in these amongst these accounts, these small to mid-size accounts which we would call our regional type accounts. And you may not sell directly through the account but you sell it through a third party which is a co-packer channel and we have quite a bit of good business coming through the co-packer channel already and quite a few SKUs within this co-packer channel which will be private label and that's where a lot of the small to mid-size accounts reside. So it is a different philosophy it is a different approach and we are already in motion on it.
William Austen: I don't have any data to support whether it's being on the aisle but it is -- we saw volume increases in what we recall the big middle part of the portfolio which some of it would be the [technical difficulty].
William Austen: As I said a little earlier just as it relates to Q4 sequentially with the volume way down margins will decline from Q3 sequentially but should continue to show some improvements over the prior years adjusted for some of them we talked about with the pricing decisions that were made last year. I think the 65 million cost take out is going to show a continued improvements in our margin profiles in both US packaging and global as we go into next year.
William Austen: Yes, good call out. Q2 volumes there were down 10, Q3 was down 7 but that was in line with what we had expected. So yes, we did see a little bit of an improvement there. Is there optimism in Brazil is your question; there is some optimism around the fact that business leaders down there are believing that the politics and the economy are becoming bifurcated where they used to be tied they now feel that they see a separation of the two, which is good. They don't see a large pick up as they go into 2018, they see stability and they see probably more so in 2019, things improving as the election of the new president takes place in October of 2018. But they do see that there is some stabilization there isn't a lot of growth. But there is a breath of stability. But I wouldn't necessarily say people are jumping up and down with optimism.
William Austen: Yes, we wouldn't speculate on whatever rumors might be out there as no one else would either, but as we said and I said in my prepared remarks, agility is front and center for Bemis Company. We are focused down through the organization on executing this cost out plans and driving profitable growth and profitability improvements through this effort.
William Austen: Right, let's look at Latin America. Latin America we received we did what we were going to do on the synergies we did what we said we were going to do with plans closures on time actually pulled some over my head as that economy turns and consumption moves back into the market place again and market demand is there we will get increased benefits out of Latin America. Let's talk about what we're doing in US pack in the United States and across the entire company with agility, what difference as we've actually put in an organizational structure around an enterprise wide project management offers. We have work streams down through the company across the globe that is tracked weekly. We measure them, we monitor them, we get -- we have project management offices in each of the P&Ls that will respond back. We have leaders in charge, we have teams in place and we measure and monitor it as on a go forward basis that's a much different approach than we have ever had at Bemis Company before. We're trying to put in the rigor and the intensity so that we will get these savings.
William Austen: Actually, Laura it's a good question. but if you look at the -- we have a very good cross section of a product portfolio that we don't have to apply different steps we don't have to apply technology leaders, we don't have to create something new. We can take a step we have and bring it to a small to mid-size customer to provide them with a packaging solution. So it's less complex from that perspective. We do this today across the US landscape, we have regional accounts we have small accounts we sell to co-packers already. We have product going into Amazon, Whole Foods, Joe's, all the great value target brands all of these -- what we would think of as private labels we sell into that today using the spec portfolios that we have created for the larger CPG customers. So it's not as complex as you might think its selling what you have and using a stiff purpose solution to attack a small to midsize customer and solve their problem with a fit-for-purpose solution.
William Austen: The profile of -- we have half-a-billion dollars roughly in this space today, Laura, in North America. And we margin profile is higher than it would be for some of the larger accounts. So it's good business. Our model in the past has not really focused on it because we wanted these long runners, large volumes to run across the asset base. This is good business. We're going after it. We're going to attack it. So we'll take a good 12 to 18 months to start to gain more traction. But there's a lot of work being done behind it. And it's a function of getting more sales people on the street, and brining the business in.
William Austen: George, this is Bill. It's for a cross section of products, some high barrier, some big middle. Some of the high barrier has shifted. Some of the big middle has shifted over to us. It's a mixed bag across the portfolio.
William Austen: Jason, this is Bill. It's a combination of both. Some of it larger CPG companies are losing share to some of these smaller to midsize companies. We've done a lot of work on this. And if you look at over the last few years, the share that has shifted from -- I would say, large CPGs to the middle to small price customers, about $21 billion, and that's business that we have fit-for-purpose solutions for; we have to go get it. And it's really nothing around the competitive nature of our business. Our business is competitive. It will always be competitive. But there's pockets of growth that exist for solutions we already have in the portfolio that we need to go and get.
William Austen: I think the way to look about it, and this is not a general statement about all new goods. Some of the price downs were tied not to the total portfolio, but however to get a portion of it they had to deliver the new goods.
William Austen: So that's how you think about it. But once you remember next -- as we come into '18 those contracts are still in place, and as they deliver the new goods, which I fully expect them to do it, those same incentives will go back into play to benefit the customers, but we do get the new volume.
William Austen: The short of this is that our customer base doesn't see that they can push it on to the consumer any longer because inflation is coming down. When inflation was at higher levels it was easier for our customer base to push inflation plus through to the marketplace. We have about 50% of the business under contract in Brazil, and we are pushing these price increases to contracted customers as well as non-contracted customers across the customer base. So it's just getting harder and harder. There's a point of fatigue within the customer base. So, inflation fatigue, if you will and pushing price increases upon them. So it's just getting harder and harder.
William Austen: Yes, great question, Mark. We would look at - there is a pouch, the pouches are in different area actually get dry goods and you've got liquid goods. So in liquid, our business is really growing quite nicely and that's all primarily wrapped around pouches that's doing very well and that is not just on social, but that's through the ecommerce channel as well because -- and George don't necessarily make it easy to ship the ecommerce. So the pouch business, the liquid business is doing well. If you look at our portfolio of what start to call it private label kinds of things business that has come up just within the last 12 months or so, we've got a very broad number of SKUs that are going to Amazon, Joe's all the -- as I said earlier Target -- and this we work with Amazon, we've been working with their packaging engineers to help them see ways to do business differently via ecommerce and what the packaging solution needs to be, liquid detergent, dry goods, you are talking about Renola, powdered detergent. There is a shift taking place in Latin America going away from the low molded bottles and cardboard boxes to standup pouches for powered detergent, it does play to one of our strength and that's part of this whole evolution towards middle to small size customers where we can help them get into a pouch or into a flexible I should say quicker because we already have the fit-for-purpose solution. They are the big guys; we can bring it to the small guys.
William Austen: Answered many names, so - it's higher margin today. Okay, its good features that higher margins in our portfolio today. So that's the extrapolation that we take as we go forward.
William Austen: George, we've so first of all I think what happened in 2016 was an unusual year and I think we proactively protected a lot of business but in return we got some new business. We always are going to see pricing pressures in the market and we have historically offset that with productivity initiatives, of course take out initiatives and packaging and et cetera. So I'm hopeful that the big risk that we saw coming into this year, was that normal and what we will see is the improvements going forward.
Michael Clauer: Hi, Brian, this is Mike. Well about half of our contracts in Latin America are on contractual pass-throughs, the other aren't. What we're attempting to do is not only pass through early on contracts as an exception, and once it recovers we would give them back that price. And then on the rest of the business we are going after price increases. It's just, as Bill mentioned, it's just a little bit more challenging. But I think it's important to remember that we are also trying to get price increases outside of the normal pass-through.
Michael Clauer: The volume leverage was a comment, Scott, more having to do with manufacturing. That as they start operating better and they get the volume in, we just see enhanced profits in the business. But your comment is absolutely correct that we still have some pressures year-over-year from the contractual reduction in selling price.
Michael Clauer: Look, Scott, what we did is we kind of took a hard look at Q1 of '17 and annualized it, which we're probably in the zip code of what you just commented on.
Michael Clauer: This is Michael. Agility and the class take also not only going to affect U.S. in global, but they will have impact on the corporate and allocated line that you are making reference to. So I would expect to hold the ramp and to see continued decline.
Michael Clauer: As Bill mentioned earlier, Q4 is one of our - it's probably our lowest volume quarter. So kind of year-over-year perspective margins we will just naturally decline. I think some of the improvements we saw in the quarter related to manufacturing efficiencies will hold however, you have to think through sequentially the volume down. We will take out cooling labor as we normally do to respond to that but we still have a big fix class that just gets under observed during that quarter in tradition.
Michael Clauer: Ghansham, this is Mike. We are evaluating as we do this shift because Bill mentioned, it's not a shift in how we operate the shift and how we go to market and as Bill mentioned we got $0.5 billion of business already. We are going to be a lot more deliberate and changing to go-to-market side and this switch is a simplified product offering a sales force that approach its customers a lot differently and I would say that we would not - I would not ignore the fact that we might need to acquire some of these capabilities in the U.S.
Michael Clauer: Well to be honest with you part of the Q2 was the fact that we were working through the restructuring program and I was trying to get my arms around what my potential cash needs were going to be. Once we kind of finalized that it put me in a position to put another repurchase plan in place.
Michael Clauer: Good. When a lot of these contracts were renewed last year part of the pricing would've tied to delivering new good. And the new goods were very specifically designed -- they're not innovation, it's nothing new, it sits with other suppliers. And we had laid out timelines with our customers. Our customers in some cases just underestimated how quickly they could do the ship. They did tie the contracts expiring with other suppliers. So I'm just going to leave you with that -- this is not that they're not trying and they're not reneging on their agreements. It's just that the pace of how quickly it's shipping to us. Another way to think about it is real simple, I have example. This year they're supposed to give us one, next year two, and then the third year three. They just are struggling getting one, but the contract still holds to next year is two.
George Staphos: Hi, everyone, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Bill, I want to ask a question around the contracts in North America. And look, we all know there's no such thing really as a take-or-pay contract in the packaging business. But on the one hand you have these contractual commitments, that's how you termed it, that supposedly your customers would have abided by. And I'm still not clear what it was that has not allowed them to hold up their end of the bargain. Doesn't sound like it's just their own volume at retail, it sounds like they're not able to extract themselves from their contracts. And if you could provide some color there that'd be great. And then I had a follow-on, and then I've got a couple of other questions, want to cut back in queue as well.
George Staphos: Okay, fair enough. Now the other question I had, it was my interpretation, maybe incorrectly so, that the new contracts and the pricing resets were all around more high barrier product. If that was true, maybe I'm off in terms of the premise of that part of the question. I'm curious why the volume pickup that you saw in the third quarter was seemingly more in the big middle as opposed to some of the higher end. Has the higher end volume been showing up as you would've expected, maybe aside from these contractual issues? Thank you.
George Staphos: Okay. And the other question and not to be honest same issue if we think about the pricing reset and the volume that you ultimately will win that has been coming in, in 2017. Have we more or less seen the negative effect of the pricing reset as we sit here today recognizing there will be perhaps some further just from what we would see on this side of the phone, lower margins as that volume comes in or is there a potential for pricing to further just lower even beyond the contractual triggers if you will? Thank you guys and good luck in the quarter.
