Ron Delia: Thanks, Tracey, and thanks everyone for joining Michael and myself today to discuss Amcor's financial results for fiscal 2022. We'll begin with some prepared remarks before opening for Q&A. And kicking off with Slide 3, which covers safety, our first and most important value. Throughout fiscal 2022, we continue to make good progress on our long-term objective of eliminating injuries across our global operations.  The focus of our teams on implementing additional safety best practices resulted in a further 3% reduction in the number of reported injuries globally, and I'm pleased to report that well over 50% of our sites continue to be injury free for the past 12 months or more. We pride ourselves on making the well being of our 44,000 global employees our number one objective, and we'll continue to strive to achieve our goal of no injuries.  Turning to our key messages for today on Slide 4. First, FY '22 has been another outstanding year for Amcor. We could not be more pleased with how our teams have demonstrated remarkable perseverance and agility, continually adjusting to challenges in the operating environment from raw material shortages to high inflation, while remaining focused on driving value for our customers and our shareholders. As a result, financial performance was strong with growth across all key metrics.  The business finished the year with good momentum, more than offsetting any external headwinds so that Q4 was our strongest quarter of sales and EBIT growth, and full year EPS growth of 11% was at the top end of our guidance range. Second, we expect the business to continue performing well and we anticipate sustaining strong underlying growth in FY '23. And finally, we have a resilient and compelling investment case, which has consistently delivered significant shareholder value through a combination of organic growth, value creating acquisitions, and cash returns to shareholders.  Turning to some financial highlights for the year as outlined on Slide 5. In short, we've added to our track record with another year of sustainable growth in the underlying business. Focusing on the strong June quarter, net sales growth was 13% and this included approximately $1.7 billion of incremental price increases on an annualized basis related to the pass through of higher raw material costs.  Excluding this pass through, organic sales growth accelerated through the year reaching 6% for the June quarter in both the flexibles and rigid packaging segments, and our strong performance reflects good work by our teams to recover broader and higher levels of general inflation, mostly through the second half of the year. It also reflects favorable volume and mixed benefits. And as we have in the past several quarters, we benefited from mid to high single digit growth in high value priority segments, which confirms that our focus on these faster growing markets is paying off.  This top line growth converted into adjusted EBIT growth of 9% in the June quarter and it's worth noting that this high single digit earnings growth was achieved in a quarter which clearly no longer benefited from any synergies, and while we continue to experience significant inflation and an unfavorable price cost lag related to raw materials. Flexibles delivered outstanding EBIT growth of 11% in the quarter and in line with our expectations, earnings growth continued to improve in rigid packaging.  For the full year, net sales growth was 13% and 4% on an organic basis, which represents our third consecutive year of accelerating top line growth. Adjusted EBIT of 1.7 billion was 7% higher than the prior year, and adjusted EPS of $0.805 per share was 11% higher than one year ago. Our financial profile remains strong with return on average funds employed at 16.3%. And we also returned more than $1.3 billion of cash to shareholders through share repurchases and a higher annual dividend.  Now, before handing over to Michael for more detail on the financial results, let me provide an update on our business in Russia. As previously announced, we've been exploring all strategic options for our Russian business. And after a thorough assessment, we've decided to sell our three manufacturing sites in Russia.  Until completion, which we expect will occur in the second half of our 2023 fiscal year, we remain committed to supporting our employees and customers, while preserving value for shareholders through an orderly sell process. We're also practically undertaking initiatives to help offset the future impact of the divested earnings, including optimizing our European footprint and adjusting our regional cost base.  With that, I'll hand over to Michael who will cover the estimated impact of this sale on fiscal 2023 guidance.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, I think that the starting point would be that the demand has remained elevated. If we look across our business -- and we had a good solid year in '22 from a volume perspective, but what's really more compelling in our view is that over two years, our volumes across the beverage space are up 6%. In hot fill, which is a priority segment for us, they're up about 14%, over two years. And that includes growth in both of the years. So we had super strong growth in fiscal '21, little slower growth in '22 against that stronger comp, but the demand has remained elevated. I think over the long term, we continue to expect kind of low single digit volume growth across our end market segments. If we look back over the last five, six, seven years, we've had about 2% total beverage growth, but the hot fill space has grown closer to 3% to 4% and that's what we'd expect going forward. I think looking back over the last 24 months, there's been a bunch of ups and downs clearly, but we like our exposure, we're highly levered to the sports drink category, which has gone through a bit of a rejuvenation. Ice teas, some of the hot fill juices as well have performed well. So that's the expectation going forward, Anthony. It's low single digit growth with maybe a little bit more in hot fill.
Ron Delia: Yes, let me answer -- it's two separate questions. Let me try to answer both. As far as the raw material availability goes, I'd say we're in the middle innings. I think it's been a bit like a Whac-A-Mole game in terms of the availability constraints that we have dealt with over the last, say, 12 to 15 months. We still have constraints on some specialty polymers. I think the commodity raw materials that we source have been in ready supply for quite some time now. Where we've had constraints it's been more in specialty resins. At times, we've had constraints or limitations on aluminum supply as well, that seems to have abated a bit. But as far as the overall basket of goods, I would describe that we're in the middle innings. I think we would like to believe there's light at the end of the tunnel. As far as our guidance, we assume basically ready availability and low single digit volume growth in flexibles. Hopefully, we see the end of it by the end of the fiscal year in terms of the constraints. And then, look, as far as mix, the other part of your question, I think -- we would expect organic sales growth to be generally similar. But over time, as materials become more available, the contribution to that sales growth will balance out. So we might see a little bit less in a bridging sense from mixed and a little bit more from volume. But longer term, and this is important to note, making the distinction between the bridging of one financial year to the next and just the long-term strategic direction, which is to drive improved mix and drive growth in those higher priority segments that we talked about. 
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, I would describe it as basically the components that you just outlined. So we start with expectation of low single digit volume growth. We start with the expectation that that volume growth will be more heavily weighted towards the more differentiated higher value segments that we've called out. We would expect to continue to get inflation recovery. And we would expect to continue to drive cost productivity in the business. So those building blocks probably haven't changed much. In certain years, we've had acquisition synergies to contribute. We don't have that obviously in '23. But those are the building blocks.
Ron Delia: And then, Larry, yes, you asked about the Head of Global Sales and Marketing, which is a role that we've had but we've elevated. And maybe just for context, we run the business in a very decentralized way through the business groups. We have a small number of resources in this center that drive leverage across the portfolio in areas that we think are the highest impact. And sales and marketing has been one of those for quite some time. We've had that role in this center. What's new is that we've elevated it. It's now a direct report to me. It sits on the leadership table. And there's a few things that really I'm expecting to get out of it. First and foremost is we just -- as we pivot increasingly towards generating higher levels of organic growth and top line growth, we just want the voice of the customer even more prominent around the leadership table. And so this person will help us do that. Clearly, we have some global customer relationships that have always required a degree of coordination. So she will pick that up as well. And then our commercial capabilities, which is an initiative called Value Plus that we've had in place for 15 years or so, it's a commercial excellence program inside the company. Think of it as sort of Six Sigma for the commercial side of the business. She will also take the lead in driving continuous improvement in that program as well. So that's the rationale for the elevation and increase in prominence of what's always been a very important role for us.
Ron Delia: Yes. Thanks, George. And I'll take it. Michael can tag on here at the end. But we've decided to sell these three plants, which have historically produced around 4% to 5% of our EBIT. The planning assumption and the assumption that's embedded in our guidance for the year is that we complete that sale process at some point in the second half of the year. And between now and then, we're scaling back the operations, which is all consistent with what we had said back in March and I think on our call in May. Now as far as the difference between roughly a 2% headwind in FY '23 and whether or not there's any residual impact in '24, look, we're pedaling really hard to offset the gap. And so we don't expect any meaningful residual impact in FY '24. Clearly, we're losing 4% to 5% of earnings. We're going to take a hard look at the cost base in that part of the business. We'll be rightsizing, if you will, the cost base in that part of the company, looking at footprint as well. And so we expect to mitigate the remaining impact to the extent there is any.
Ron Delia: Yes. So look, the guidance is consistent. If you do the math, we're working our way up to that 4% to 5% of sales range, which means that for a couple of years, there will be larger increases on the order of the 15% that you referenced. Generally speaking -- well, as a general rule, it's going into business as usual in the sense that we are not allocating capital outside of our lane in the value chain. So what we're not doing is allocating capital in a major way to recycling infrastructure or things like that. That's a separate discussion, but we think we can contribute to the development of infrastructure in a different way. So from that perspective, you could call it business as usual. But I think what's exciting to us is that we're -- we see enough line of sight to good organic growth in some of the priority segments that we've referred to and some of the innovation platforms, which do have sustainability attributes that we can deploy more capital to drive higher levels of growth. A couple of examples. In healthcare, we've opened a new healthcare packaging plant in Singapore. We've also expanded a plant in Ireland in the medical packaging space. We've put money to work in Switzerland to supply Nespresso capsules. We've continued to invest in our innovation platforms, our sustainable innovation platforms. We've talked publicly about a platform called AmLite, which is a recycle-ready material that can be used for human food pouches and pet food pouches. So those are some examples of where the capital is being deployed.
Ron Delia: Look, it's a good question. I think the short answer is, yes, you can see a path at some point. But as you pointed out, we need -- there's a bit of ramp up to get returns from the capital that we're putting to work. I think the other thing that will happen is that the mix in that algorithm will shift a bit over time. We've been grinding out the organic growth from margin expansion and cost productivity over the years, and then we've been quite acquisitive, although less so more recently. So I think over time, you'll see that organic growth come a little bit more from the top line overall and a little more commercial productivity. And I think you'll see us get back on the acquisition path again as we had been prior to the last few years. So I think we're comfortable with the algorithm at the moment, but there's reasons for optimism that the mix will evolve a little bit as we move forward. And that's why we're putting our money behind some of these growth projects that I outlined earlier.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, as Michael alluded to, the basket of resins that we buy have moved in different directions and at different paces. And so overall, we actually saw resins across our global basket go up a bit in the fourth quarter. But there's definite signs that things will ease. And in the medium term and even maybe a bit sooner, in certain regions of the world, there is more capacity coming on stream in some commodities, and that will certainly take some of the heat out of the pricing. Remember that supply/demand is one element. We also have the underlying feedstock prices playing a role as well, so oil and natural gas which have come off a little bit, and I'm talking very recently now. But it's really those two things that drive the prices in the polymers that we consume. And for the last period of time here in this more recent inflationary cycle, we've had pressure from both. We've had raws supply/demand working against us at times and we've had inflation in oil and gas. It's possible that in the near term or certainly in the medium term, both of those factors abate and we start to see some more meaningful softening and more sustained softening across the basket of raw materials that we're buying.
Ron Delia: Not yet, but you would have to believe that as rates go up, as the high yield market maybe gets a little tighter and a little more constrained, that there will be maybe less competition for deals. That would be the theme that you would expect to emerge. It's a bit early in the interest rate cycle and it's a bit early generally in the asset pricing cycle for us to have seen that yet. But we're in a great position, because we know exactly where we want to go strategically. We know exactly the segments that we'd like to acquire in to advance our strategy. And we've got a great financial position to work from with a really strong balance sheet and lots of cash flow. So we'll certainly be in the deal flow to the extent assets do come to market.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, it's always difficult for us to have great visibility into where things stand from an inventory perspective down the value chain. I guess this is really anecdotally. I'd probably suggest that there is probably more inventory than there needs to be in some parts of the chain, as it's been particularly acute in any part of our business and really held things back. But I would say with the limited visibility that we have, you'd probably say there's a little bit more inventory than there needs to be in certain segments. But take that for what it's worth, which is just a bit anecdotal.
Ron Delia: Yes, that's a good question. I'm glad you asked. Healthcare volumes generally, medical device packaging and pharmaceutical packaging have bounced back very strongly. So we had good mid to high single digit growth across both of those segments through FY '22. Pharma was a little bit slower to rebound. But the medical device packaging volumes for us now are back to where we were pre-pandemic. Now that's a segment that has grown in sort of the mid single digits for us for many, many years. It's a good margin business and innovation intensive, et cetera. So we expect that to continue. But we're back to where we were in 2019.
Ron Delia: Yes, thanks. Look, it's a great question, George. I would say the two factors that you outlined are inextricably linked. As you think about doing an acquisition, especially anything of meaningful scale, you'd be thinking more beyond the first couple of years of ownership. And so you'd be thinking about the sustainable growth in a business that you'd be acquiring. You'd be thinking about the sustainable competitive advantage. All of those things in our universe are going to be linked to sustainability. So it's inconceivable that we would buy something that didn't further enhance our sustainability, the sustainability credentials of our product portfolio. That being said, we like our product portfolio as it relates to sustainability. We think that we've got the key to more sustainable products with the staple of product segments that we're in today. So we don't see any real need to step out. But anything that we look at will increase -- will be accretive, if you will, to the sustainability profile of our product portfolio. And because for no other reason then, it will lead to better financial outcomes over time and higher returns ultimately. Just really quickly to close off on the Czech plant, we bought a plant which is relatively new, and it was opened right at the outset of the pandemic so it's very low utilization, gives us instant capacity in Central Europe, and it happens to have assets that are easily directed towards some of our priority segments, including coffee and pet care. So it's essentially -- we're essentially buying a plant more so than a business. And we closed on that in early August, and we'll be working over the next couple of years to fill up that site. And if things go well, then we've got optionality to expand the site as well. So pretty excited about that little bolt-on in that part of the world.
Ron Delia: Okay. Thank you, operator. Thanks everybody for joining the call today and your interest in Amcor. We've had a strong year in '22 and we're expecting another strong year in '23 and expecting that the resilient investment case we've built up over the years will be especially compelling in this environment. So thanks again, and we'll close the call there.
Michael Casamento: Yes, sure. In terms of the pricing, so as you've seen from the results, our teams have been out there working really hard to get not only the raw material increases back in the year, and when you see it, we put through about 1.5 billion in raw material related price increases through the year, so about 12% of revenue. And that kind of counted at 25% increase generally across the board in raw materials. But in addition to that, clearly we've seen pretty significant increases in inflation across things like energy and freight, and to a lesser extent some labor. And so clearly, our teams have been out in the marketplace recovering those non-raw material related items as well and working really hard to do that. And if you think about energy and freight as a component of Amcor's cost of goods, they're a smaller component, they're around about 3% of our cost of goods. And during the year, we've seen somewhere between 15% to 20% increases in those items. And that equates to around 100 million, 110 million. And then if you take labor and a few other things into account, the overall inflation for the year was somewhere around $150 million mark. And if you look at our price increases across the board, we had about a 1% price increase in non-raw material added, so 1% in sales growth. That's a pretty similar amount to the inflation that we saw.
Michael Casamento: Yes. Thanks, Brook. It's Michael. Look, that was just the end of the program, so there's some tail off on certain costs relating to -- mostly relating to footprint related items, the impairments and other things. So that's specifically on the Bemis program, which is now closed out. So you should not expect any more costs below the line for that program, which we completed this year.
Michael Casamento: Yes, sure. So I'll start with the cash flow. Look, we're looking forward to another strong year of cash flow in that 1 billion to 1.1 billion range. There are several factors that drive that. Obviously, we're going to have some -- we'll have higher EBITDA within that cash flow from a working capital standpoint. In FY '22, we had a cash outflow of around 150 million on the back of the raw material price escalation and holding more inventory on the back of the volatile and disruptive marketplace. So we're not anticipating an additional outflow as a result of that. But at the same time, you're going to see increased sales and further pass through. So there will be some working capital impact from that, albeit we'll be holding working capital to sales around that below 8 ratio, which we've been pretty consistent on over the last few years. So no real impact on the inventory side. It's also going to depend on what happens with raw material pricing and how the market supply chain works. But pretty much, we're looking for neutral [ph] working capital impact. Obviously, we're going to be spending more in CapEx. So we talked about a 15% step up in CapEx, which will -- that's included in the guidance. And then with the higher interest, that's an outflow that we didn't have this year. So when you put all that together, looking forward to another strong year in that 1 billion to 1.1 billion range.
Michael Casamento: Yes. So look, in terms of energy, as I said earlier, we've certainly seen inflation in our energy costs around the globe and in Europe, and that actually in Europe accelerated in the second half. But we've been out there recovering it. And we're certainly anticipating there's going to be more inflation to come. But the teams are out there and covering it. And the level is dependent on where things get to in that marketplace. And obviously, we've factored that into the guidance range and the range of outcomes in that guidance range. So overall, we're expecting inflation to continue and the teams are out there recovering it.
Michael Casamento: Yes. Hi, John. It's Michael. I can take that one for you. Look, throughout this year, we've seen pretty volatile and persistent increases in raw material mixed across the globe. If you remember, we buy a broad basket of raw materials and geographies, and they move at different times in different ways. But what we did see through the year was a recovery of that. But for the entire year, it was a headwind, a manageable headwind. I'd say it eased as we got into the second half and in Q4 certainly was a marginal headwind. Where raw materials are today and what we see moving forward, there are still movements upwards. Aluminum is probably one that's come down, but the marketplace is still, across the globe, volatile. But what we've included in guidance for now is that we think in the first quarter, things are going to be relatively stable based on what we see today, and we could start to see some marginal tailwinds as we get to December. But what happens in the second half, we'll see. It's all going to depend on where the raw materials move. But that's all been factored into our guidance, the guidance range that we've put out there in that 5% to 10% underlying business. Obviously, if raw materials come down fast, and that's one of the elements that could get us to the higher end of the range and if they continue to escalate, then as you know, we recover it but there is always a lag in that. And so that could be one of the factors that leads us to the bottom end of the range. But where we sit today, fairly neutral in Q1, perhaps some slight tailwind as we head into Q2.
Michael Casamento: Yes. On the interest rate swaps, Richard, yes, they're part of the interest expense. They run through that line.
