Ron Delia: Thanks, Tracey, and thanks, everyone, for joining Michael and myself today to discuss Amcor's fiscal 2022 first half results. We'll begin with some prepared remarks before opening [Technical Difficulty]. I'll start with safety, which is where we start every meeting at Amcor. It's the first and most important of our values and keeping every one of our 46,000 employees around the world safe and healthy is our highest priority. In the last six months, we reduced the number of injuries across the Company by 10% compared to the prior year and 58% of our sites have remained injury-free for at least 12 months. Our teams have continued to make good progress on safety despite the complex environment, and we're proud of their focus, dedication and performance. However, our ultimate goal is no injuries, so there is more for us to do. We have four key messages set out today on Slide 4 for those following along with the webcast. First, we delivered a solid result through the first half, and we can confidently reaffirm our full year guidance. While we continue to navigate through the challenging and dynamic operating conditions affecting the entire industry, our teams are executing and performing exceptionally well. We continue to prioritize our customers and our scale and operational agility have enabled us to service demand and drive growth in priority segments, while also recovering higher input costs at the same time. We've also increased cash returns to shareholders, which is our second key message. We now expect to return more than $1.3 billion of cash in fiscal 2022 through dividends and share repurchases. Third, we built a strong foundation over the last several years, and we're focused now on investing for long-term growth, with an emphasis on priority segments and geographies and our innovation capabilities. And finally, for many years, we've made great progress against a broad range of sustainability goals, and we're raising our ambitions again with a commitment to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. Turning to the financial highlights on Slide 5. We delivered double-digit net sales growth, which includes approximately $650 million of price increases. We remain incredibly proud of our teams and in the tools and capabilities we've developed over many years that enable us to continue recovering and increasing costs in an environment characterized by broader inflation that we've seen for some time. Excluding this pass-through impact, organic sales grew 2% on the back of higher volumes and favorable mix. Both segments in every geographic region contributed to organic sales growth and volume growth accelerated in the second quarter in both our flexibles and rigid packaging businesses. The Flexibles segment had a particularly strong quarter, generating high single-digit earnings growth and margins remain strong. In Rigid Packaging, our results for the half were in line with our expectations. The business continued to experience a particularly challenging environment in North America, which resulted in operating inefficiencies and higher costs, although we're encouraged by a number of favorable trends we've seen through the half and earnings improved as we exited the second quarter. EPS increased 9% for the half. Our financial profile remains strong and cash returns to shareholders are significantly higher. We've repurchased almost $300 million of shares in the first half, and we expect to repurchase a total of $600 million through fiscal 2022, which is $200 million higher than we anticipated last quarter. Combined with dividends, this means we anticipate returning more than $1.3 billion of cash to shareholders for the fiscal '22 year. With that, I'll hand over to Michael for some further detail on the financial performance.
Ron Delia: Yes. Ghansham, first, thanks for the question. Look, I'm not sure it's mean diversion. I think we've sort of been back to the more normal trading patterns now for at least five or six quarters. I think what we're seeing there is a good recovery in health care, which is have been going on now for a couple of quarters in medical and in the second quarter, we started to see better pharmaceutical volumes. So we had high single-digit growth across the businesses in health care. That one is, I'd say, more of a return to normal trading conditions. As far as the food categories go, the only thing that I would point out that's exogenous is some supply shortages we have on key inputs. We're still leaving some money on the table with sales that we can't realize in an order book that we can't completely fulfill, because we've got some materials that are just not as available as we'd like. That's the only thing I could point to. Otherwise, I think what you're seeing in the quarter and at the micro at the segment level is just the ebbs and flows that happen over any 90-day period.
Ron Delia: Well, firstly, the demand in that business is super strong. And that's actually -- that's the big driver of the profit shortfall that we've had so far in the first half is that we're just oversold. And in the second quarter, we had volume growth of 6%, which comes on a year-on-year comp, which was quite strong a year ago. So the demand is really, really strong, would be the first point. We're adding capacity, as we've talked about to try to alleviate some of the bottlenecks. I think the second thing is that we've never seen the container, the plastic container really in direct competition with the metal can because we see different distribution channels, you see PET primarily through the cold chain and through convenience stores and more single-serve and you see the can historically through big-box retail and 12 and 24 packs. So we've not really seen competition in things like iced teas or sports drinks, our hot-filled juices. And when we talk to our customers, and we're as busy as ever on new product introductions, they're not really talking about a trade-off between one format or the other. It's more the format that's best aligned to their segment needs and their segment goals. So cans have been growing quite rapidly, the capacity has been added for several years now. It hasn't slowed our volume growth really at all.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, good question. I mean, first, the first question in terms of the outlook. The business has been improving. Profitability has been improving through the first half, it continues to improve as we go into the third quarter here. What we've said today is that we expect profit growth in the second half versus the second half last year. The pace of that is going to depend on a number of factors. So we're not calling out specific guidance for the third quarter. I do expect as we get towards the back end of this fiscal year, which is sort of May, June period, were the new high season. I'd like to think that we're going to exit this year at a more normal level of profitability. And the reason I say that is there's a number of things that are working in our favor here. Firstly, demand remains strong, and it always starts with that. To Ghansham's question, demand has remained very robust, particularly in the beverage space. So that's the first thing. Secondly, we've been increasing capacity, and we've been adding incremental capacity throughout the last couple of quarters, almost on a monthly basis. So we're going to end up adding around 5% to 10% capacity in the hot fill network. And then thirdly, we're entering the third quarter with inventory and with a reasonable amount of inventory, which is where you would typically expect to be at the start of the third quarter. It's a seasonal business, and you need to enter January, February with inventory. Last year, we didn't have any. And so that led to a bit of a ripple effect that we're still working our way out of. So those are the reasons why we feel pretty optimistic about the second half. And the pace will be determined by just how quickly we can bring capacity on-stream and our availability of inputs. As far as the second question about the drivers of the profit impact. I mean, look, it's really hard to parse them out. There's three things going on there, I would say. One is demand just really outstripping supply at a rapid pace, that's led to inefficiencies in a sold-out environment trying to service every last bottle of demand is, let's say, just inefficiencies in the system. The second thing is we do have inflation, and we're out recovering. You can see the price impacts on the sales line. And then the third thing is just the performance of the business, right? And as managers, you're always trying to isolate how much of it is the performance of the business. We think it's actually been quite good. But it's very hard to piece out the quantitative impact of those three different drivers.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, it's rejuvenating categories, which historically have not been at the highest level of priority. So confectionery is an important category in volume terms for us. This is a differentiated product that we're going to start launching in that particular segment that just changes our outlook on the attractiveness of that space and the profitability. Firstly, what is it? It's a paper-based platform that really kind of threads the needle between the issues that pure paper solutions have, which is that there's no barrier or coated paper, which tends to result in much lower fiber recovery and therefore, at times is not recyclable. The AmFiber platform kind of threads the needle between those two extremes. So it's barrier, there will be barrier properties. The product runs on the customer filling lines at generally the same speed. So there's no productivity discount that the customer has to wear. And so we're really excited about it. And we're going to roll it out globally. I wouldn't expect any material change in CapEx specifically related to this platform. But we are investing behind these platforms generally and these growth segments. We've alluded to that several times. So we'll continue to deploy capital against the growth opportunity.
Ron Delia: No, not anything that threatens the supply. And I would say, we did see a modest improvement through the quarter. That's one of the reasons for more positive outlook in the second half is that resin is generally more available. We're not all the way back to 100% supply, we're still at less than 100% of what we would like to source, but we're in a much better position now than we were three months ago.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, let me take the questions in order, Larry. So firstly, on the greenhouse gas emissions, this is the next logical step in our evolution and our journey. We've been on the greenhouse gas reduction path for over 15 years now. Back in 2008, we set our first public targets to reduce greenhouse gas intensity by 60%. And we're well on our way to doing that. That was a 2030 goal. And every few years, we set a new benchmark for each of these -- each of the areas of our EnviroAction program, greenhouse gases, waste and water. And so that's where we're at. We're at a moment in time where it's time to rethink our objectives and also speak in the same language as others. And the science-based targets initiative has helped I think, bring some standardization in a sense to the way companies talk about their greenhouse gas profile. And so we're jumping on board that and with that initiative, and we'll set some near-term targets over the next 24 months as we work with that group to validate and qualify our targets. We'll set and be -- and report out on what those targets are on the pathway to net zero by 2050. As far as the waste management part of the equation, firstly, you're right, we're making fantastic progress on the packaging design aspect of responsible packaging. And we're going to, without question, get to 100% of the portfolio with a recycle-ready option by 2025. We have no doubts about that at all. And the take-up and the interest and demand from customers has never been stronger. That just continues to intensify. Many of them have the exact same goals. The waste management piece of the equation is also one that we can influence, but not alone. And that's where some of the alliances that we're in, some of the work that we're doing with the alliance to End Plastic Waste, some of the work with the Consumer Goods Forum, the Minderoo Foundation, See the Future initiative. It's going to take partnerships. And I think, ultimately, what we want to see is that our packaging is not just designed to be recycled, but it actually is recycled. And we know and when we cited today this consumer research that we've done, that consumers want to recycle more. They would gladly recycle more if the infrastructure was more available. And so we all have a role to play, including government and Amcor and our suppliers and customers to make that happen, but that will not be Amcor alone.
Ron Delia: Look, I'm not anticipating that we're going to put real meaningful capital in that part of the value chain. I mean we are investing in pilots, and we're happy to help fund pilots that are proof of concepts, and we're also happy to supply demand in the form of off-take agreements. We've got lots of pilots underway with a number of our suppliers on chemically-recycled material, et cetera. But look, waste management, it's not a narrow exercise, right? So the waste management is a very local activity, and it's usually collecting all sorts of materials, some of which are packaging after it has been used, but only a portion. So I fully agree with the notion that it's going to take a lot of money to get the waste management infrastructure around the world where it needs to be. I'm just not sure that as a converter, it's the best use of our shareholders' capital.
Ron Delia: Yes, it's a good question. I mean, firstly, we would like to be active. I mean we clearly -- the industry has been acquisitive and a reasonably good track record of generating value out of acquisitions, and we would like to continue to do that. We will continue to do that. We're constantly in the deal flow. If there's a deal in our space that you're reading about, then you can rest assured that we've had a look at it. I think there's a couple of things going on. It's only probably the last nine months or so or six [Technical Difficulty] we've embedded down Bemis. Now remember, that was the largest acquisition the Company had ever done by a factor of three, and we were laser focused on making that a success for the first 2, 2.5 years, which is pretty much just bringing us to the last couple of quarters. I think that's well and truly behind us now, and we certainly have the capacity to take something else on. I think at the same time, we've got asset prices that are quite elevated, and we've got businesses that are particularly difficult to diligence right now. Increasingly, that will dissipate. The complexity that I'm referring to relates to the top line impacts that COVID has had on different businesses. And it's very difficult to assess that. So it's a challenging period. We're going to remain really disciplined, but we'll be active, and we'll get back on the acquisition bandwagon here sometime soon.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, it's -- medical device packaging is as good a segment as we're participating in. And we've seen a steady improvement over the first half of this fiscal year. I would say that demand is not all the way back, but most of the way there, and the demand is driven by elective procedures, surgeries and the like. Demand has mostly recovered from its lows during the COVID period. There's also some resins that we use in that business, which are going to ensure supply. So that's also held us back a little bit. So we're probably 2/3 to 3/4 of the way back to the baseline that you'd expect in that business. But this is a business that's a high -- very profitable part of the business, a lot of differentiation and innovation and IP. And it's a business that historically has grown, at least at mid-single digit rates. Now in the first half, we've actually seen that. But we also realize there's more to be had there.
Ron Delia: Well, the cartons business sits between 7% and 8% of our sales today, but it's an important piece of our offering. And I think even the AmFiber platform today that we've talked about speaks to the importance that we place on having a diversified substrate mix. It's a business that is a highly cash-generative business, and it has a clear leadership position in its market. So it's a pretty important part of the portfolio. I mean that said, we're economic rationalist, but there's no desire to make any kind of big shift in the portfolio at this particular point in time.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, I think the short answer is yes. I mean, I'd like to believe that we've been extracting commercial benefits from day one and different ways of managing mix and managing raw material pass-through and the way the capabilities that I think Amcor brings to the table, I think, have been accruing benefits over the legacy Bemis portfolio from the beginning. But as far as it relates to growth, YEs. I think no question. The organization is now oriented itself towards generating a bit more growth. We've got a number of tools at our disposal to do that. And I think you're seeing evidence already of things that you could label revenue synergies. If we look at some of these new product platforms that we've spoken about, in some respects, those are examples of revenue synergies, the AmLite platform, which is a recyclable pouch for human food or pet food is an example of an innovation that Amcor had developed, which will be leveraged over the legacy Bemis footprint. And on the other -- going the other way, the AmPrima platform, which is, again, recycle-ready, all polyolefin structure is a legacy Bemis platform that we're leveraging around the world on the legacy Amcor footprint. So I think you're seeing examples already. And there's a lot more sort of smaller examples where we supplemented capacity from out of the region, we've ceded some of the health care growth in Asia from some of the legacy Bemis assets that someone asked us about earlier. So I think short answer, Nathan, is yes. The agenda is evolving. But I think we're also seeing some benefits in real time here and probably have been for the last couple of years.
Ron Delia: I would say another 1% or 2%. I'd say it's the delta between long-term average of low single-digit growth, which is a couple of percentage points and where we were. I think it's pretty -- it's as straightforward as up. This is a business that prioritizes mix, right? So, the mix is the thing that we're constantly trying to optimize. And when you do that, sometimes you don't satisfy a relapsed order. So I'd say it's a couple of percentage points.
Ron Delia: Well, yes, I would probably say that we would not be doing something just for scale. I'd love to -- and the Company has shown over the years that it's drived and really rallied around big transactions going back, obviously, Bemis, the Alcan transaction we did about 10 years ago. These have been company-defining transactions that have really seen us get to new levels. So we'd love to be able to fund something like that. But the target set is what it is, and it's the competition that we're dealing with in the market every day, and that means most of the deals, like 90-plus percent of the opportunity space out there are going to be what you probably characterize as bolt-ons. So it's going to be strategy first and scale second. We wouldn't do something just to get bigger.
Ron Delia: Well, Latin America is a tale of a couple of different stories for us. In the Rigid segment, we had a fantastic half with double-digit volume growth and really good earnings growth. In the flexible space, we're exposed to some other categories, we're exposed to Home & Personal Care, for example, which had a really strong year one year ago. And so volumes are actually a little bit behind in the flexible space. So it's been a bit mixed. And I think the -- some of the segments in Food and Personal Care have been a little bit more impacted by the macro environment and some of the COVID impacts, whereas the beverage space, we've not had those impacts. So it's a bit mixed. It's still an important region for the Company. It's a business -- a set of business we've been in for a long time, and we're confident in the long-term outlook, but it's a bit mixed at the moment.
Ron Delia: No. We see a big opportunity here to -- there's a sweet spot in the fiber-based or paper-based flexible area that we think we have a good solution for. So somewhere between pure paper solutions, which typically have less functionality and no barrier or coated paper, which typically have lower fiber recovery and therefore, at times cannot be might not be recyclable. We think we've come up with a better miles shop that sort of split the difference, so to speak, and provides a paper-based solution for anyone who wants one. And there are certain categories where there are paper solutions out there now. Confectionery would be one of them. And we've got some paper in confectionery have for a long period of time. So this is more of a product-based opportunity that we see than anything else. I mean we continue to believe that plastic-based flexible packaging quite often is the best environmental solution to satisfy all the different criteria that our customers have and consumers have. So, there's no philosophical change other than opportunity to deliver to the market innovation that we think is unique.
Ron Delia: Yes. So in the Flexibles perimeter, not including cartons, we have a big oil-based business, and we have a reasonable business that has got paper in the structure. And that's -- those are both global. So we have paper-based structures in medical packaging. We have paper solutions in protein. We have a platform called SkinNova, which is a combination of a laminate that peels off and a paper-based tray for meat. We have another one called Paperly. So we've always had paper solutions. It's probably -- it's not the largest part of our portfolio, but paper and foil collectively would be probably 20% of our flexibles portfolio.
Ron Delia: I'm not sure that M&A is really the answer here. I think that growth in this space largely come from innovations, and I think we've got capability. There's probably good ideas out there that we don't have that we can access maybe in a commercial sense, but I'm not sure that we'd be thinking about any sort of material M& A against this trend.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, it's a good question. I think it's on everyone's mind. Firstly, I would contextualize it by just reminding you that for -- in almost every category that we're participating in, the package is a very small part of the overall cost of goods that our brand-owner customers or our health care customers are bringing to market. So it's not the most material driver of their income statement January...
Ron Delia: Yes. So no, I get that. I just wanted to make sure I make that contextual point. But that said, look, no, from the conversations we've had with customers, and I think also their public commentary through this earnings season and probably even the last one, they're not seeing the elasticity that they may have historically had modeled and anticipated. At this point in time, price increases seem to be going through across the categories that we're exposed to.
Ron Delia: Yes. So we have a target now to 10% of what we use to make packaging be recycled content by 2025. And we're making great progress. So predominantly, the predominant use of recycled content at the moment is in our Rigid Packaging business. And we've gone from 5% in that business in 2019 to over 10% last year. This year, we'll be well over 15%. And in terms of actual tons or pounds of material, that number is doubling just about every 18 months. So we're making really good progress. And then in parallel, we're pretty excited about some of the applications in flexibles as well as some of the projects that we're working on, on chemical recycling to get that number up even further.
Ron Delia: Yes. Absolutely. Look, they're at a premium in rigid packaging, which is the primary user of recycled PET in our business. The premium now for recycled PET is between 40% and 50%. That number ebbs and flows, but it's as much demand driven right now as it is supply and cost driven.
Ron Delia: Well, thanks, Richard. I mean, I think no one in this space is having an easy time of it. And you can see that yourself from the results that others have published. So I don't think we're in any kind of a disadvantage. I think we have some quite sizable on-site installations in the beverage side of the business, which is really where it matters the most. And then, we have scale from a network perspective and from a procurement perspective. So, I don't think the business is disadvantaged. I think it's just a combination of factors at the moment, starting with demand, which is a good problem to have, which have just conspired to lead to a rough profit outcome for a couple of quarters.
Ron Delia: I don't think we've gone in the other direction. I would say, over time, a lot of the capital that's been deployed in the Beverage segment of that business has been for on-site installations. But it's not necessarily a panacea. There are times when it makes sense to go on site and in times when it makes sense for everybody, including the customer, to supply from a different location. I wouldn't say that there's -- it's necessarily the one answer or one size fits all for everybody. So I think over time, our network has been more on-site than off-site in terms of our capital deployment, but I don't think that we have any kind of a disadvantage as a result of our footprint.
Ron Delia: Yes. Look, it's -- the structures that still are to be redesigned or some of the more sophisticated structures out there. I mean you wouldn't be surprised to hear me say that. And quite often, they are ones where we have something very different in the market and some sort of a competitive advantage. And that means that the science and the research required is just going to be more difficult and take some more time. There are segments in the certain medical segments or the health care segments, I should say, some of the protein structures, we're still working on alternatives for those would be something that come to mind, Brook. But generally speaking, what's left is the harder part of the portfolio, but on the other hand, some of the more profitable segments that we're participating in to.
Ron Delia: Thanks, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today and for your interest in Amcor. We've had a solid first half and our outlook is for a strong finish as well and a very strong fiscal 2022. So I think with that, we'll close the call.
Michael Casamento: Yes. Jakob, thanks for the call. I can take that one. It's Michael here. Yes, look, as we outlined in the release, we've seen an outflow of working capital higher than the prior year. And really the key driver of that is raw material, both the raw material inflation and the timing of that flowing through the business. And then in addition to that, in the second quarter, particularly, we were able to take some planned inventory increases, both in the rigid and flexibles business. And Ron alluded to that on the rigid space versus last year, we weren't able to increase inventory at all. Whereas this year on rigids, we are entering the third quarter and have been able to increase the inventory, which is you'll see that flush through the system in the second half. And on the flexible side, yes, we've seen some increases on a cautionary basis, I guess to ensure we've got supply. And that's again going to flow through in the second half, which is why we're confident around the cash flow projection of the business in H2 and for the full year.
Michael Casamento: Yes, sure. Thanks, Ron. So look, on the flexible space, I mean we closed the half out, EBIT grew 7%, pretty consistent growth over both quarters, some improvement in volume in Q2, as you mentioned. We're still cycling some pretty high raw material costs. And in the half, we've recovered $480 million in the top line, it's about 10%. That said, there was still some price cost lag, which is manageable, but it is still a negative on the business. And as we look forward, we'd expect that, that starts to ease as we head into the second half and should abate somewhat. So really, that's the key difference on the flexible side. We're still seeing really good performance in the priority high-value segments that Ron touched on earlier. And margins overall have held really strong at 12.9%. If you take that top line recovery on the raw material out, margins would have been 130 basis points higher and in fact, 70 basis points ahead of prior year. So overall, we feel pretty good about where the flexibles business is at and particularly that recovery on the raw material and how that looks moving forward.
Michael Casamento: Yes. No, look, we -- as we said, we've got a really, really strong balance sheet right now. I mean, the cash flows are solid and the second half looks pretty strong on that front as well. So we've got flexibility in the system. We've announced $400 million back in August, based on where we sit today. And we can announce a further $200 million, and that's what we've done. We still have flexibility in there. So if the M&A transactions come along, we can do that as well. But the underlying performance of the business is strong and enabled us to announce that further buyback.
Michael Casamento: John, it's Michael. I can take that one. Look, overall, it was a pretty consistent performance quarter-on-quarter. I mean it's a 90-day period. There's some minor puts and takes. In terms of the raw material price costs, that remained pretty consistent as the lag overall is pretty consistent and manageable, as I said earlier. So really, it's a 90-day period. It's been pretty consistent. We've got 7% for the half. We had 8% in the first quarter, 6% EBIT growth in the second quarter. So nothing really to call out on that front.
Michael Casamento: Yes, John. I mean on the raw material side, you're right. It's a little bit mixed across the globe as we exited the second quarter. We did start to see some easing in North America and Latin America on certain input sites, IP, et cetera. But then in Asia and Europe, you're still seeing some increases there. So as we look forward, I'd say it's reasonably balanced and stable as we look ahead, but there's some mix differences across raw material inputs and geographies. So -- but overall, we kind of see things reasonably stable and perhaps coming off slightly in Q4, but we'll see where we go with that.
Michael Casamento: Yes, I can take that one. Keith, it's Michael here. Yes. Look, as we said, the first half, the price cost lag was unfavorable but manageable. As we said earlier, the raw materials appear as though on balance, they're starting to stabilize as we head into Q3. And we also see that the price cost lag should ease as we head into Q3 and perhaps get closer to neutral. And then as we look forward into Q4, let's see what happens with the raw material pricing. But at this stage, if raw materials do ease as the industry forecast would suggest then, perhaps that's a slight positive recovery in the fourth quarter, but let's wait and see what happens on that front.
Michael Casamento: You pretty well commented, Keith. I think as you know, the cash flow is definitely seasonally weighted to the second half of the year and particularly Q4. And in the first half of this year versus last year, we did see some unfavorable impacts, particularly in working capital and inventory. We're expecting [Technical Difficulty] half and with the higher earnings, they are the two key elements that that will see us deliver within that range, and we feel pretty confident around that just based on past experience. If you look at the second half, last year's cash flow and then you take into account some of the unfavorable working capital impacts we had in the first half and then reversing then, it seems a pretty consistent view in terms of the second half delivery on the cash flow. So we feel pretty confident around that.
