Alessandro Maselli: Sure. Hi, everyone. Look, this is a good question. I would tell you, overall, the way I'll characterize the relationship with Sarepta, there is a lot of positive momentum into the relationship. When you think about, number one, our performance. Really -- our Q1 performance was really underpinned by a strong operational performance at our BWI facility, where we support Sarepta. And even the recent months have been even more reassuring that we are on the right path from an operational performance standpoint. The contract amendment that Matti mentioned, which will really allow us now to normalize more the time to cash profile of this important contracts, which in turn, will reduce contract assets, improve cash flow, really also the firm demand that we've seen in the recent weeks. So going to your question, really, look, our job is to continue to leverage the capacity that we have deployed, the suites with which we are supporting the customer, continue to now sustain this very good level of performance, which is the one that will allow us to satisfy this demand. And in terms of your -- last part of your question in terms of you -- I will not speculate, of course, on the label expansion of FDA, it's not my place to do so. But in terms of making your model and working through your model, I will remind that, as we disclosed, indeed 50% of the revenues are pass-through revenues coming at fairly low margin with a mid to high single-digit margin. But these are materials and testing services we buy on behalf of the customer. So this could -- I believe it can be helpful in modeling this out.
Alessandro Maselli: Hi, Luke, thanks. This is Alessandro. Luke, first of all, let me clarify our mAbs protein business is not classified under the gene therapy, we call it the drug substance and thanks for the question, because we are having a very good year in drug substance and I do believe there is good momentum going-forward there. We had a lot of seeding happening in that business over the last several years and now it seems that the harvest time is coming with a significant amount of late-stage program heading toward commercialization, some of them very exciting, have been acquired by big pharma. So they've extended patient population. So very exciting areas for us, drug substance and I will be -- believe will be a great contributor as we go forward. In terms of the gene therapy business, as I said, that we have a pretty balanced portfolio. Number one, with Sarepta as well, we have several programs with them, some of them very exciting. But also, there is -- I've seen some good momentum there. Some programs getting some early, very good clinical data which made the customers more bullish in moving full steam ahead in scaling up. So Luke, the private funding environment, it is what it is. We were the first one to call it out one year ago, still remains a little bit uncertain. But when you look at our own portfolio and our own pipeline, I feel pretty good about it. The cell therapy story remains a little bit one where we have reviewed our outlook there. We have reassessed our outlook. And so as Matti said, we take an opportunity to want to really rebalance the absorption there. And this will be a driver of margin improvement going forward because now we're going to suffer by much less underutilization and negative EBITDA impact there. So hopefully, this gives you a little bit of color across all the different subsegments.
Alessandro Maselli: And I just would add one other element of color there, drug product is very different from drug substance in general when it comes to material pass-through. Not necessarily the materials are less expensive, but most of the times, they are bought by the customers, not by us. So they don't affect revenues, they don't affect our margin.
Alessandro Maselli: Yeah, sure. So Dave, a couple of things. First of all, you're calling out two of the key, I would say, dynamic of our industry overall, surely GLP-1 being one. And I feel very proud and look excited that Catalent was able to have such an exposure to that. So I don't see that necessarily under negative terms. It's great and it's something that can be applied across several therapeutic dynamics -- therapeutic areas, has dynamics across different geographies. So I would say it's a little bit of a different element compared to the gene therapy program that you have mentioned. With regards of -- so -- and so it's such that you're also going forward, because of the different therapeutic areas, the different potential indication, extension of indications of GLP-1s, I don't see that category to be a significant element of volatility, so to speak. Our job there, I believe, is to continue to do a great job for our customer and continue to bring the capacity online, and the rest will come pretty much as a consequence. I don't believe personally that oral will be a significant competitor of injection for the time being. I -- when you think about that, in the current form, like peptides, the bioavailability is not that high so there is a lot of API there. There are studies out there that are showing a much more API you need in the oral delivery versus injectables. So I do believe that it's going to be, for the time being, an injectable story personally. And with regards of how we are approaching this, look, for me, the important thing is that we understand the dynamics, we understand the market, that we position ourselves a little bit in the middle of the range. We don't expect in our projections everything to be going in the right direction, and leaving that as an upside. We position ourselves in a, I would say, prudent way when it comes to these dynamics so that we have a good set of different options to continue to grow the company in line with expectations.
Alessandro Maselli: Great questions. So first of all, yeah, look, we said that this year, it's going to be below $100 million. We didn't say $100 million. And this, for sure, one of the contributors of the non-COVID, non-Sarepta growth in Biologics, right? So because so far, there's been a more tech transfer work and now it's becoming commercial work. So first of all, it is contributing to our growth outlook. And as I said, it's more an H2 story than an H1 story. So it's also helping with what you see as a ramp, H2 versus H1. With regards of the long-term outlook, I said that it's going to be well over $0.5 billion. I gave a little bit of color around the timeframe. And to be quite honest, with your question around the demand, I see for this franchise, the capacity as the constraining factor rather than the demand. So it's going to be really depending on our ability to bring capacity as fast as possible. We are seeing a very high level of interest and demand for these assets, and really is one where capacity is going to be the constraining factor on all the fronts. And I believe that the runway goes beyond the '26 timeframe that we have highlighted here. So all in all, it's a very exciting space to be in.
Alessandro Maselli: Yeah. Look, first part of the question, as I said in my prepared remarks that the pipeline is healthy both with the additional program with our biggest customer but also with other customers. As I said, we signed recently another late-stage program, and the clinical data on that program looks very, very exciting. So -- and impact on patients is -- it could be great. So it's also in line with our core value of patients first. So I would define the pipeline in gene therapy as healthy. And I will also tell you that, in gene therapy, the capacity, it's easier to redeploy compared to other technologies. Normally, in gene therapy, you have suites, but you have most of the units are mobile units. So it's very easy to reconfigure the capacity compared to other technologies, at least for the way we have designed our facility. We make them very, very fungible across different type of products. And with regards to the profile of this. Look, we -- there is the physical capacity and there is the productivity that you can achieve. We are ramping, right? So our physical capacity is fully deployed, fully staffed, fully equipped. But clearly, we are a ramp of productivity. As you know, we come from a very difficult spot during the spring because of some of the challenges we have disclosed, and now we have an exciting ramp. So I will tell you that we are ahead of the ramp that I had in mind at the beginning of this fiscal year, but there will continue to be progress as we go through the year. So the more we improve our output, the more demand we will be able to satisfy for our customers. As we said, the visibility on this demand is pretty high at this point of the year, as Matti shared.
Alessandro Maselli: I would also say that we have configured this franchise with lines which are twin of each other. So our ability to continue to deploy the product across multiple lines is on an accelerated fashion because we're just going to somewhat copy and paste what we have learned in the first [drug] (ph) transfers. So you can expect that the ramp to revenues on the new assets are coming online is going to be faster. And that's the number on factor that affects your return and the margin. But as Matti said, we expect the margin to be attractive.
Alessandro Maselli: Yes. I would just add, look, compared to pandemic levels, surely not as attractive because the portfolio is more complex, it has a lot of absorption because the volume is much lower. So the current level of the margin from COVID should be not even close to where they were in the pandemic times.
Alessandro Maselli: So look, I would tell you that across the board of the drug substance piece, and as the gene therapy, protein mAbs margin are pretty much in the same zip code when you cut out the material pass-through, clearly, right? You have such a high volume of pass-through, you would all think it gets lower, but on the pure services side, I would say that there is pretty much a good alignment across the drug substance. I would say the drug product, there's a little bit of a different dynamic where the margin really depends -- being a very high-volume commercial industrial production system is very, very dependent on absorption, right? And so the margin itself of the products, I would say of the products we run, it's -- I mean, it's not big, the range, but there are products, like the vaccines or the GLP-1s, that because of the volume, they can drive a lot of absorption and a lot of margin uplift.
Alessandro Maselli: Yeah. Look, first of all, I personally don't see these -- Sarepta is not binary dynamic as you guys are depicting, either extended or not extended. But I leave it like that. I believe there is a spectrum there that is more than just binary. That being said, surely, it's the most fixed part of infrastructure are the suites. And the suites are designed in a way that can serve a number of different processes. What define the processes are the manufacturing units that are within the suites, and they are mostly mobile. So you can reconfigure them in -- pretty easily. So fundamentally, it's one of those facilities that we have in the network which have the highest grade of easiness to reconfigure and to be redeployed towards other programs should we need to do so. At the moment, honestly, I don't have any visibility that we have to do so because we remain focused working around the clock to satisfy the demand of Sarepta.
Alessandro Maselli: And the one point I can reiterate once again, our margin reduction this year is not due to a portfolio shift, it's due to an operational dislocation which we have shared multiple times. And as John said, we have shared in these remarks, we are making very good progresses in addressing that. And probably the progress is faster than our initial expectations. So when you combine these two factors, you can make your own assessment.
Alessandro Maselli: So Brussel is a drug product facility, right? And yes, there is a GLP demand there, it's no secret, it's a public available information. Clearly, I believe that, in general, as we said before, the site is sitting on a very high level of demand because that has been posed in production for some time in the last fiscal year, right, was a big drain on our margin last year. And it's going back, right? So it's a fully utilized because we have backlog to recover on, it's going to take significant time. And yes, there is a lot of GLP demand. And I would tell you that the site is performing really well in satisfying the demand.
Alessandro Maselli: So look, let me cover the first part of the question in terms of the headwinds. As we said in the prepared remarks, some of the macro environment that we have highlighted in November last year are still present and we continue to see some prudent spend on the side of our -- of especially early stage, right, the early-stage customers are very prudent in progressing assets through the pipeline, given the biotech funding environment. The consumer environment is still not as it was before. But the reason why we have in our own shop, excitement about the way we going to continue to grow the company on an ex-COVID basis is twofold really Right. So first of all, is the pipeline, right, in PCH? We had a lot of products been approved, some very recently, which will drive a lot of growth in our pharmaceutical commercial business and share gain. Right. We knew that over time, our existing relationship with the large consumer company, which were not necessarily the natural market for Sarepta, those customers, because of the relationship we had with Catalent and our brand will end up coming with us. So we have a little bit of a trend that is better than the market because of these main dynamics in PCH. And that's why we are confident about the ramp and the profile of the business as we go through the fiscal '24.
Alessandro Maselli: Well, first of all, I never said Bloomington, right? So it's -- and we already said in previous calls that some of those relationships are extended and expanded. So I would say that now this is something that is really touching all our network when it comes to sterile product. And we feel pretty good about it because it's really the way we want to serve our customers, with a network approach, not a site approach, which gives us a lot of flexibility and a lot of optionality for customers. So first of all, it's across the network. And yes, I do believe that those tech transfer activities could be deemed largely done. Of course on the first lines, so there will be more coming on the additional lines. But as I said, it's much easier because these are like-for-like assets to the current ones. And so yes, we're now going to start in the second half of the year in ramping up commercial volumes and really giving more supply to our customers.
Alessandro Maselli: Thank you, everyone, for taking the time to join our call today. We are pleased to have delivered the solid financial performance this quarter while making operational improvement. At the same time, the strength of our pipeline and new commercial wins increase our confidence in fiscal '24 guidance, which we have reaffirmed. We remain focused on restoring Catalent's historical margins while driving the sustainable and profitable growth, increasing shareholder value and executing on our mission to improve the lives of patients every day. Thank you.
Matti Masanovich: So I think so Biologics non-COVID revenue and then stripping out the $30 million licensing fee from the prior year quarter, we're up 11%. So I think I put that in the script. And I think I talked about that but maybe you didn't pick it up. But we can reconcile the quarterly...
Matti Masanovich: So fourth quarter. So clearly, our BWI business has really kind of come -- has bounced back and then Brussels continued to improve. And so those were the two primary businesses, with BWI being the gene therapy business, with our ramp-up as I discussed in the script, it -- obviously, our BWI gene therapy business is well up.
Matti Masanovich: When you think of the Biologics business and the pass-through revenue, Sarepta has about a 50% pass-through content, and that's materials and testing. The balance of the business is between, I would say, 15% to 20% is where it sits from a pass-through perspective. And the margins are a little bit different. Margins are pretty low, as we articulated on the -- as Alessandro articulated on the Sarepta piece. And they're probably, I would say, mid-single digits to mid-teen digits on the margins on the balance of the business, of that 15% to 20%.
Matti Masanovich: I really can't. I mean, I think Alessandro laid it out, we're in the stage of trying to book that business. And so I think it wouldn't be a good idea for me to disclose the returns and what we're looking at from a pricing perspective. So -- but I can tell you that it will be very attractive for Catalent overall.
Matti Masanovich: Something thing I'd say is, from a ramp-up perspective, I think the company has proven itself. You look at what it did with COVID and the ramp-up of COVID and meeting the COVID demand. The company has a proven track record to ramp up quickly and ramp up its facilities quickly to deliver. And I think leveraging that experience of the company into the GLP-1 opportunity is significant.
Matti Masanovich: Yeah, COVID will have a somewhat negligible impact in the back half of the year. So I think it's going to come down. The first half of the year is when we'll experience most of the COVID demand. There is some demand in the back half of the year. And as for margins, that's not something that we've disclosed historically, and so we wouldn't want to disclose the margins on the COVID business. But -- so I'd say that -- that's about as far as I can go from a COVID perspective. But COVID is becoming a less and less important part of the business for us.
Matti Masanovich: So from an overall perspective, we disclosed the Sarepta revenue, and you can get to the math, you can read the script, but it's about 90% of the revenue is ELEVIDYS, so it's 9001. So it's the lion's share, by far the lion's share, of the revenue of Sarepta. We do have other programs that are being developed and are in development, and we'll begin to grow more rapidly as we go forward. As far as doses in patients, that's not something that we've commented on. And I don't think it's -- and Alessandro, I'll defer to you. But we fill an order that we're given by a customer. And that customer -- or that's our -- that's what we do. Now we study the market, we do look around corners, and we do assess it. But that's not something that I think we're going to discuss today.
Matti Masanovich: PCH margins sequentially will go up through the year in the natural seasonality to the business model that they run and the business they bring in. In addition, we do have some cost structure initiatives going into PCH. And we also noted this new gummy contract, it was won with -- a very substantial contract that was won that will launch in the third quarter and be into our run rate in the fourth quarter. So we do believe that we've got the opportunity to generate those margins on a sequential improvement basis.
Matti Masanovich: We talked about our exit run rate being more in line -- in our fourth quarter, more in line with our historic average. And so I think that's the best guidepost I can give you. We're not going to give a '25 update today or kind of look beyond the full year here today, fiscal year '24. But I think that's a good guidepost to use. If we get to that exit run rate that we talked about, you can use that as a benchmark to jump off from.
Matti Masanovich: Yeah. I think we've discussed, at a high level, we've had customer conversations around it. But we discussed how we actually book production. So our production is booked on a rolling six-month basis. So that's why we feel really confident about how '24 is going to finish. And as we think about the Sarepta readout, and Alessandro made comments to his view on the Sarepta readout, where it's not maybe as binary as some are thinking. So I do think -- that's the comment I can give you on it. But we -- just fact-specific, we get the orders in on a rolling six-month basis. As we work through the year, this year -- so as we work through this year, we'll get firmer orders that roll into '25.
Matti Masanovich: I think when we guided for COVID, I think we took a fairly conservative assumption on COVID, not knowing where the season was going to go, number one. But we don't provide, as you know, individual guidance from a quarter perspective. But I'd say that it's come in stronger -- or it will come in strong in the first half. As I mentioned, it's just not as important to the back half of the year from a COVID perspective, from a COVID revenue perspective in what we're seeing today. Now as the season plays out this year, that's going to dictate demand at the end of our fiscal year, our fourth quarter, or second quarter calendar year next year. And we would be able to have more visibility as we work through the tail end of the COVID season here in our second quarter and calendar year fourth quarter. And I think it will dictate the season for next year.
Matti Masanovich: Yeah. The gummy market has been down and continues to trend down, the markets continue down. This is a share gain. This is a new business for us from this customer. It's an already existing product and it's going to fit in perfectly into our network. We don't know have to add any SG&A per se on top of it, and it fits into the existing gummy network that we have and the open capacity that we have. So it's a kind of what I'd say is a no-brainer. it's got reasonably good margins. From a business perspective, it's got a very quick payback. So I think overall, it's a big win. Doesn't require much CapEx either to go in. So it's pretty impressive.
