Thomas Castellano: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to review Catalent's fourth quarter fiscal year 2017 financial results. Please see our agenda on Slide 2 of our accompanying presentation which is available on our Investor Relations website. Joining me today representing Catalent are John Chiminski, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Matt Walsh, Chief Financial Officer. During our call today, management will make forward-looking statements and refer to non-GAAP financial measures. It is possible that actual results could differ from management's expectations. We refer you to Slide 3 for more detail. Slides 3, 4 and 5 discuss the non-GAAP measures and our just issued earnings release provides reconciliations to the nearest GAAP measures. Catalent's Form 10-K, to be filed with the SEC later today, has additional information on the risks and uncertainties that may bear on our operating results, performance and financial condition. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, John Chiminski.
Thomas Castellano: So Dave, this is Tom. I think one of the things we did when we sat down to try to figure out the impact to M&A was to get things back down towards the levels that the business was running at prior to acquisition and what we expected it to run at when we acquired it through the levels at the deal model. As Matt said, I don’t know that the levels that we're seeing out of Accucaps primarily is necessarily sustainable. So we didn't - were annualizing what we've seen for the first four or five months as what that business is going to run at into next year we feel is a little aggressive. So we've taken that back in the guidance. I think is it conservative? Potentially, there may be an opportunity there for a little bit of outperformance, but I certainly wouldn't expect this business to continue to run at the levels that we've seen through the first five months of ownership and that's what the guidance assumes.
Thomas Castellano: Okay. The only other thing I would add to John’s answer, John referenced timing when in the year these products launched, the other piece that really comes into play is how our customers strategize for the launch. Some of them really filled the pipeline on the anticipation that the product will be very successful, some of them do soft launches where they don't stock heavily and they're going to wait and see how the product gets off in terms of scripts being written, so just another point is to - the difficulty in trying to forecast the revenue contribution from NPIs is the toughest thing that we do from a forward-looking perspective.
John Chiminski: Thanks, Tom, and welcome, everyone to our earnings call. We're very pleased with our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2017 results which exceeded our expectations. For the fourth quarter, we reported double-digit year-over-year revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth in constant currency across all three of our reporting segments. As you can see on Slide 6, our revenue for the fourth quarter increased 16%, as reported and increased 19% in constant currency to $616.9 million with 11% of the 19% being organic with all reporting segments contributing to the growth. Our adjusted EBITDA of $159.1 million was above the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016 on a constant currency basis by 15%, of which 10% was organic again with all segments contributing to year-over-year EBITDA growth. Our adjusted net income was $82.6 million or $0.65 per diluted share for the fourth quarter. Additionally, through fiscal year 2017, we recorded revenue growth of 12% as reported and 15% in constant currency with 12% of the 15% being organic which is significantly above our long term outlook of 4% to 6% topline growth. However, it is worth noting that this was partially related to the low comparison point of fiscal year 2016 due to the challenges we experienced due to a temporary site suspension at one of our Softgel facilities. Now moving to our key operating accomplishments during the quarter: First, we recently announced that continuing our successful 20-year collaboration on the development and manufacturing of Advil Liqui-Gels, we entered into an exclusive long term supply agreement to produce the next generation of Pfizer's leading over-the-counter pain relief product with the launch of Advil Liqui-Gels Minis using Catalent's innovative OptiGel Mini technology.  This innovative product delivers the same dose of pain relief in a more concentrated fill resulting in a smaller, more convenient capsule. Smaller capsules are easier to swallow for consumers who may have difficulty swallowing, especially for the pediatric and geriatric markets. Advil is one of the world’s leading brands of ibuprofen pain relievers and its Liqui-Gels franchise is one of the most successful dose forms in the analgesics market. This is another example of the 180 plus new products we launch for our customers each year and speaks to our position as the world's leading softgel producer. Next, during the quarter, we announced that we are increasing spray drying capacity at our Pharmatek, San Diego facility. The expanded capabilities are being introduced in response to market demand for solubility enhancement solutions. To further support the development of spray dry dispersions, we've also expanded roller compaction capacity at the site. As a reminder, we acquired Pharmatek in September 2016 to add extensive early phase drug development capabilities bringing spray drying into Catalent's portfolio and expander capability for handling high portent compounds. These strategic investments are the first of several that we have planned for the San Diego facility in the near future. The integration of this strategic acquisition is progressing well, and we're pleased with their early successes. I also want to provide a brief update on our biologics strategy which continues to make great strides. The expansion of our facility in Madison is progressing well and we continue to be on pace for engineering runs in the next few months. Additionally, we've already signed a number of customer contracts for the third train still under construction while also growing a robust funnel of late-stage clinical opportunities, which together should quickly fill the new capacity. Lastly, I want to reiterate that the dynamics of our industry and market continue to remain very favorable and our customers' needs for fewer, bigger, better development and manufacturing partners will continue to be drivers of long term growth. Now I'd like to turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Matt Walsh who will take you through our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2017 financial results as well as provide details on our outlook for fiscal year 2018.
John Chiminski: The opportunity to deliver vaccines in a Zydis format could potentially be a very large market opportunity. The reality of the situation though is that the R&D for this kind of project will take time. We would not expect to see material revenues from this in anytime sooner than let's say three years out, so it's a terrific – this is a terrific example of the irrelevance and viability of our various technology platforms, but it will move at the pace of healthcare approval cycles which would suggest nothing sooner in three years.
John Chiminski: Yes, hi Derik, John here. I would just tell you that if we were to go back two years ago we had some significant strength with regards to our, I would say our non-prescription softgel business mainly driven by really fast growth that we are seeing out of China from a couple of large customers and we really rode on the backs of that growth and then there were some regulatory changes that happened in China that literally flipped that situation completely around this past year. So I would say we’ve responded to it. There was lower margin products for us, so although when we had strong tailwind again significantly driven out of China is primarily revenue driven and that’s gone away, but it is also again then lower margin business. It’s starting marginally now and I would just say that the strength of Catalent continues to be our overall diversification across all markets and across all products.
John Chiminski: Yes, sure. I would just say first and foremost that we just talked to the very robust and dynamic in each of the marketplace. That's a first, that's the most important conclusion that you can draw from it. These are very robust businesses that they’re sticky, they are enduring. They are associated with highly regulated business that means that not everybody can play in those categories and we've also been talking about for a long time that, the market wants to move towards fewer, bigger, better suppliers like Catalent. Again because of the regulatory environment, because of there is requirements of our customers for reliable supply, the ability to partner with someone from an overall development and formulation standpoint is they try to variablize their cost or maintain I would say a virtual standing as a company and then leverage someone like Catalent. So that’s probably the main thing that I would draw from what's happening in the marketplace. I will tell you that our customers in this space really do not like uncertainty. So, while there's changes afoot in some of the consolidation that may in the very near term impact some buying decisions by customers, but generally speaking longer term those things tend to settle out you certainly experienced and we went private from Cardinal Health into BlackStone. 
John Chiminski: Yes so, I would say first of all that the pipeline continues to grow. We've talked about this a lot with all of our investors. The pipeline is up I think something like 50% over the last five years from 8,000 molecules to somewhere over 12,000 and we're starting to see a little bit of a move from 40% of those molecules being biologics to over the next I guess three or four years is going to move to 60% of those being biologics. I would tell you that although there has been consolidation in a few more bigger players it’s still fragmented enough such that we do not really see a significant increase in the overall competitive environment. Customers first and foremost are going after premium suppliers. They are looking for quality, reliable supply. They’re looking for partner formulation expertise and then probably fifth and sixth out of the list is generally priced. And as you know John, given the fact that a lot of the business that we're in are in the advanced delivery dosage forms that are forcibly outsourced we were just kind of a natural player. We are seeing heightened competition in our Clinical Supply Services group. This is a part of our business that is less differentiation. In fact there is little differentiation beyond the service excellence that you can provide and that's also becoming I would say a much more demanding space as the trials get smaller and I would just say generally more demanding for in just in time kind of environment. Just in general I would say John, it just continues to be very, very robust and as my previous comments to Derik around what some of this consolidation has done is again our customers don't like a large - any degree of uncertainty to be honest with you. And in those cases we find ourselves being in a modestly improved competitive situation, but as those things tend to sort themselves out, again maybe over a course of several years or so forth. I don't know if that answers your question John, that’s probably the way I think about it.
John Chiminski: It's hard to say that way, first of all I wouldn't say that we're experiencing pricing pressure, again outside of our more competitive business of the clinical trial supplies business in fact generally just depends, what we're seeing is we're winning a lot of business that tends to be of extremely higher value that's out there because as you know we kind of price to the value that we bring versus something that's "CPI" is so we certainly have CPI escalators in our contracts and execute on those, but up front when were winning the business we're maximizing the value of that particular piece of business and there tends to be a little bit higher value business out there because it's moving towards or more biologics.  There is again I would say more advanced delivery forms that is driving that. So we don't necessarily think about price maybe the way traditional businesses do. I mean year-on-year basis with our existing business it feels like we get maybe 1% price because of our escalators, but in the businesses that we win we continue to be I would say a premium pricing environment for our technologies.
John Chiminski: If you're referring to on the biologics front John, I would say that certainly the small to mid-size, mid-sized companies tend to be really the ones outsourcing, but we're also seeing the large pharma also doing outsource of their, outsourcing there. So we're seeing and I would say on both ends with the fact that I think we know that most of the pipeline 75% of the pipeline is really a commercial going to be in this 5,000 liters or less and then there is a certain part of the pipeline that's going to be for the 50,000 liters and more this is probably for, some of the biosimilars and so forth. So I would say from a biologic standpoint it works on both ends if you will. And Catalent's strategy certainly has been to remain focused on the 5,000 liter or less where we can make some very reasonable CapEx investments and get significant growth as we've seen in our Madison facility.
John Chiminski: Okay. So Dave, John here. Just two parts to that question. First of all, I would tell you that we certainly have seen accelerating numbers of NPIs. So we’ve been kind of accelerating towards 180 plus number if you will over the last couple of years and you should have similar of that higher total numbers this year although if you were to take a look at the actual revenue that we've gotten from those NPIs over the last couple of years, this year was certainly higher than it was last year. But it was with the similar number of NPIs they just happen to have higher contributions and a little bit higher revenue and part of that comes from when do they actually get launched within the year. So I would say this year was slightly better than previous years, but mostly from when we were actually launching those, which get a higher number or higher revenue contribution starting earlier in the year than prior year. So I think that plays out if you were to go back and look at our first and second quarter earnings release, we kind of talked directly about that. As you know, we operate with most products generating $1 million to $2 million worth of revenue, so we're generally not looking for any one single block for sure. But if we do have an outsized starting year that bumper crop as you call it tends to contribute a lot going forward, but we've been talking about the range of $40 million if you will and that's not going to come in at a double the rates or so forth. Ours is a game of collecting as many molecules as we can doing development and then launching them and what changes our quarterly predictability is the volatility of the launch, when it’s launched within the year and so forth and that's why we have some of this quarter-to-quarter volatility. But in general I would tell you that we are seeing increasing NPI launches, modestly increasing NPI revenues as we start to launch more of those at the beginning of the year versus just at the end of the year and it continues to be a bellwether for I would say the long term growth aspects or prospects of the business.
John Chiminski: I would just respond that obviously the opioid crisis is urgent issue here in the U.S. Catalent's advanced delivery technologies has opportunity with some of our abuse deterrent technologies we have something that's called OptiGel Lock. We have partnered to try to win business and do development on abuse deterrent technologies. Catalent sees this as again another important dose delivery mechanism that we have within the company.
John Chiminski: Well, so we don't talk about margins of individual products, but for something like Advil, we would envision that there may be some incremental economics here, but there will be a considerable amount of swapping if you will from the current side to the mini. Well we’re in sort of wait and see mode. Some of this will depend on how Pfizer markets the two dosage forms but we would expect that there would be some pretty significant replacement. But the overall economics for Catalent should be fine to improving.
John Chiminski: The DDS segment as a whole has the highest margins of any reporting segment within Catalent. biologics is certainly above that average. What we have found over the past couple of years is increasing margins on capacity utilization, so Madison was built new and commissioned in 2015 and as we fill that site the benefits of utilization saw increasing margins. Overall, though I would say in the in the marketplace there is certainly a situation where customer demand is exceeding supply across the industry that tends to lead to some favorable pricing dynamics here in the near term which has been helpful to our margins and that is factored into our FY’18 guidance already.
John Chiminski: Thanks operator and thanks everyone for your questions and for taking the time to join our call. I’d like to close by reminding you a few of our key priorities for fiscal year 2018. First we’re confident and committed to delivering fiscal year ‘18 result consistent with our financial guidance which is aligned with our long term outlook of 4% to 6% revenue growth and 6% to 8% adjusted EBITDA growth. Next, we're committed to building a world-class biologics business for our customers and for patients and look forward to another year of double-digit revenue and EBITDA growth from our core biologics offering. Operations, quality and regulatory excellence are at the heart of how we run our business and remains the constant focus and priority. We support every customer project with deep scientific expertise and a commitment to putting the patient first in all we do. Lastly, we’re well positioned to capitalize on our industry leading partnerships and the potential for consolidation. We continue to target tuck-in acquisitions that we can integrate swiftly and efficiently in order to maximize value to our holders as evidenced by the acquisitions completed during fiscal year 2017. Thank you.
Matthew Walsh: Yes, Tejas, that is the key driver, the other driver being the acquisitions that we added during FY’17 do come in at lower margins than Catalent's average, but you've hit on the, you hit on one of the two key drivers there, and the margin accretion that we've baked into our guidance is approximately 50 basis points at the midpoint just to be clear.
Matthew Walsh: That was never the expectation Tejas. We have been pretty candid in saying that with the enhanced safety and security protocols that we implemented at Beinheim as we brought it back on line that the facility would be expected to run at a steady state level at approximately half of its former level of profitability, and it did so in the FY’17 fiscal year. Our expectations for FY’18 are quite similar.
Matthew Walsh: Our FY’18 guidance is predicated upon detailed bottoms up budgeting processes that we undertake throughout the company. When we supplement that with the results of a strategic planning exercise that we do once a year and that it's a combination of those two things Tim, with the budget being very much a bottoms up exercise, the long term planning work that we do with a combination of bottoms up and top down, both of those - both of those work streams inform the guidance that we have. And yes, it's true our organic growth rates have been running hotter than that 4% to 6% long term outlook. We have thought carefully about raising those long term outlook numbers and may do so in the future, but for this particular communication, we thought it best to keep our long term outlook at the 4% to 6% that we’ve been saying since the IPO. But certainly the underlying strength of the business is encouraging to us, and as we think about our long-term outlook and when we communicate on it, we’re certainly leaning towards moving that number up in the future versus holding it flat.
Matthew Walsh: Whenever we – so from a top down perspective, when you think about how Catalent grows, we go into every year with very good revenue visibility into the long cycle parts of our business, that’s the 7000 products and that will grow somewhere between let's say 2 and 5 points per year. We supplement that each year with new product introductions, which will generally yield about 2 more points of growth in the year that the products are launched and then every year we lose about a point of sales for products that just reached the end of their life cycle. We say products fall off the backend. And it’s the - what we tend to have the hardest time, the biggest challenge forecasting is the new product introductions. So we've had both in number and dollar value, we've had better performance out of NPIs than we would have thought a couple of years ago, but betting that that will continue, it would be nice to have a little bit more data in the trend before we would think about upping the 4% to 6%, but those data points are aligning and accumulating now.
Matthew Walsh: We have factored new product introductions into our FY ’18 guidance at about the level that we've seen for the past few years.
Matthew Walsh: The new products that we disclosed 183 for example for this year come from all end markets that we pursue. So it's prescription, generic, over-the-counter, VMS these are the four major classes of products that we track. In terms of biologic new product introductions, I would say the answer there would mirror the characteristics of the rest of our business which is it's growing, but it is still under represented in terms of where we would like it to be in terms of mirroring the industry.
Matthew Walsh: Well, so the range of advanced delivery technology platforms that we have can certainly accommodate biologic products, but many, many biologics are delivered in prefilled syringe or vials and Catalent is not a significant player in either of those delivery forms today. We have an injectables business, it's relatively small. We don't have a significant vial presence yet to speak of. And so I would say Ricky that’s what holds us back. As we think about organic growth and in-organic growth we certainly know where we need to expand and we are focusing on those areas.
Matthew Walsh: Our philosophy on M&A going into ’18 has not changed. We continue to look for acquisitions that enhance our technical differentiation and value to customers. We happened to find two deals in FY ’17 that met our criteria, we executed on those. We believe that there are numerous opportunities for us to grow inorganically and I said we will continue to be quite thorough and aggressive in trying to identify acquisition targets that can enhance our rate of organic growth.
Matthew Walsh: We don't constrain ourselves that way Ricky. It’s really the slate of opportunities that we are - that we would find actionable in FY ’18 that would - that we would respond to versus Catalent trying to overlay some pre-determined criteria program on top of that. You have to be flexible in this market if you're going to grow through acquisition. I think we have recognized that and we would see ourselves as being quite flexible in terms of completing the kinds of acquisitions that would create real value.
Matthew Walsh: So we are advising folks to think about 2018 effective tax rate for Catalent in the 28% to 29% range. This is substantially lower than what we've guided to previously and it results from some of the tax planning work that we've been doing on an international basis somewhat exceeding our expectations in terms of the overall productivity out there, so 28% to 29% for FY’18.
Matthew Walsh: So just to revisit the commentary, when we were on boarding Pharmatek and Accucaps, when I was saying one to two points of growth, that’s those were all the EBITDA line. And yes it's true that especially Accucaps has pretty far outstripped that and I would say what we've seen is just a combination of really strong volumes out of the gate that has enabled us to realize not just top line numbers, but their level of capacity utilization has brought in this revenue at EBITDA margins that were not quite double what we were modeling, but certainly in excess of about 60% to 70% of what we were modelling. So volumes are just strong out of the gate, I don't - I wouldn't necessarily ascribe it to seasonality. I think it's just they've just had a couple of their good products, the order patterns had just been strong, and I don’t know that they'll always be that way, but it's certainly been that way out of the gate, Dave.
