John Chiminski: Yes. Sure. Dan, look first in terms of the COVID impact on the quarter clearly we're pleased to see the progress on the various vaccines therapeutics we're working with our customers on. As you know we have 7,000 products across the company. 400 development programs and across over a thousand customers. I just want to remind everyone the impact across the COVID programs in therapeutics which is I would say not a precise science and quite frankly at this stage given the various parts of the business and the impact that we described laying out our guidance earlier it becomes increasingly difficult to really bifurcate COVID-19 versus non-COVID-19 which is why we're not going to a level precision here then what we can say is the Biologics business had 65% organic growth in the quarter and just remind everyone the COVID activities that we're doing also organic and occupy some of our top scientists across the company who arguably could be working on other projects as well as quality professionals etc. and some of the space that we use. One more comment on Dan is that in some cases we have programs that we are working on pre-prior to the pandemic with our customers within our current business that now become a good therapeutics or candidates for the COVID-19 pandemic and so it makes it again not a precise science to count those as purely COVID-19 versus not. But what we can say is compared to the first quarter a significant portion the majority of the growth was coming from COVID-19. We still saw a very good growth in our Biologics business but we're staying on the 65% a significant portion of it came from COVID-19 in this case and therefore for the company as well. Moving on to the base business as you might see if you really take the midpoint for example of our guidance range we increased that by about 7 points but we added about 5 points to the COVID-19 range that we gave taking it from 9 to 11 to now 14 to 16. So that would imply about 5 of the 7 is coming from COVID-19 and the remainder coming from the base business. So hopefully that gives you a sense in terms of where we see the base business versus the rest of COVID-19 and again I'll remind everyone the COVID-19 activities are organic in nature.
John Chiminski: Yes. So first of all obviously our updated guidance includes all the assumptions with regards to the capacity and the programs that we currently have in place but one thing that I want to emphasize that's really important is that COVID has really been an accelerator of Catalent's strategic plans. We have pulled in capacity that we were planning for and we've also put in place additional capacity that would have been within our strategic plans. So when we take a look at the impacts of COVID on Catalent certainly we're seeing an impact in our fiscal year ‘21 and we'll see ongoing impacts into our fiscal year ‘22 but importantly we've been able to really accelerate our strategic plans which is really going to help drive our continued long-term sustainable growth. Thanks Dan.
John Chiminski: Yes. Thanks for the question John. And I'll just say that I can't comment on that. That's really something for Moderna to opine on. What I can tell you is in the current configuration of the vials that we have that we are committed to delivering what Moderna is put into their press release which is really a 100 million doses by the end of March and then a total of 200 million by the end of June. Thanks for that question John.
John Chiminski: Yes. No thanks John. What I'll say is that although a challenging situation with I would say a handful of customers that we have to manage specifically in our Bloomington site we see that really being alleviated really kind of in our fourth quarter as we're bringing on a new vial capacity, a new high-speed vial that I discussed in my prepared comments. So certainly we're working very closely with all of our customers and they certainly understand the situation in urgency from a capacity standpoint or COVID related programs but I will say that although challenging certainly we're able to mostly manage that situation and definitely see relief as we approach our fourth quarter of this fiscal year with the additional capacity coming online. So we don't see this as any long-term impact the pipeline for the company.
John Chiminski: Well, first I just want to qualify that the Defense Production Act which really gets known to us through what's called a rated order are not the government on Catalent but for our customers which then slows down to us just for that clarification and I will say that we have put in place the necessary capacity between the dedicated Johnson & Johnson line that I described in my prepared comments along with the additional line that's going to be coming in our fourth quarter more precisely. We'll probably be a little bit more early in that fourth quarter. We're comfortable that we're going to have the capacity necessary to meet vaccine required production as well as the production of our customers through non-COVID related customers through the remainder of our calendar 2021.
John Chiminski: So what I would just tell you on this one is that strategy is everything in Catalent and we're constantly updating and driving our strategic plans which include constantly looking at our portfolio businesses and understanding what is the best mix of businesses for Catalent for long-term sustained growth, high growth higher margins and so this was the case where we had been looking at this for a while and we were able to find the right owner for this business but you can count on Catalent continuing to adjust its portfolio going forward strategically as it makes sense to drive higher growth and higher margin for the business. The other part is that when we looked at our global sale business it was requiring a certain amount of CapEx investments that when stacked up against the returns of CapEx investments in other parts of our business specifically Biologics, cell and gene therapy. It was a situation where we weren't going to be able to make the best investments into Woodstock because we knew we would get better returns in other areas of our business. So we'll continue to use that very strong discipline not only in our acquisitions but also in looking at our portfolio for potential divestitures.
John Chiminski: Yes. All right. Thanks for the question there Dave and I would just say that we're in a position to meet our commitments with all of the COVID vaccine manufacturers that we have signed up with specific to Astrazeneca we're not just using assets in Bloomington. We're also using assets in our newly acquired gene therapy business which by the way is a very welcoming development because now [indiscernible] being used for gene therapy but there are also be obviously validated needs for vaccine work. So with regards to Astrazeneca we're doing work primarily out of our gene therapy business on the drug substance side and then our Anagni facility which again was a very fortuitous acquisition that came online at a point when that capacity became coveted and so perhaps Astrazeneca will be doing drug product work there. So again back to the essence of your question we are comfortable that even with additional approvals that we will be able to meet our commitments to our customers also noting that our customers have a wider network than just Catalent they're using a multitude of CDMOs and other assets to be able to meet those commitments. So we're very comfortable with what we've committed to our customers in the capacity that we have or we'll be bringing online.
John Chiminski: Yes. Thank you for the question. I'll first answer just from may be a big picture strategic standpoint, so first of all the market for gene therapy and cell therapy continues to be incredibly robust if you take a look at the challenging therapy as I had in prepared comments, you have roughly 500 assets that we expect to growth to more than 1500 assets over the next five to six years and then when you take a look at the cell therapy space you've got about 1500 assets right now that it's going to grow to probably double in that overall size. So there continues to be I would say a very robust end market for these services. We see really demand outstripping supply throughout this whole period. Something else that I want to maybe highlight I stated in our JPM presentation at the beginning of the year that we first introduced that chart about us being $4.5 billion with 50% of our revenues coming from Biologics at that time at 28% margins. At the time that we actually introduced that chart we had envisioned both organic growth as well as inorganic growth contributing to getting to that 4.5 billion with the additional moves that we've made and capacity expansions and the purchase of Anagni and a capacity expansion there as well as our acquisition of our MaSTherCell in the cell therapy space. What I now stated at the JPM conference this year is that we do not see any additional substantial M&A required to get to that $4.5 billion target and 50% coming from Biologics. So when I use the word substantial it means it would be material enough where through an acquisition we would state the revenue and EBITDA. So I'll leave that as kind of the big picture comments and see if Wetteny wants to round it out with any other specific details.
John Chiminski: Look I think as we said in the prepared comments we are able to raise our guidance here for the remainder of the year given the [indiscernible] as well as programs in the pipeline and increased [doubles] that we can see. That includes by the way reflecting on the divestiture in the guidance that we just gave and just released. So we won't go as far as to quantify the exact amount coming from both Seal given the vast number of products that we have across the network and so forth but suffice it to say the guidance that we just issued already reflects that based on the timing we expect that divestiture to close.
John Chiminski: Yes. So look in terms of how we treat the COVID-19 impacts and our guidance assumes very consistent from the beginning, we effectively reflect in our guidance, any portion of our contractual elements with our customers where it's basically a take or pay required volume that they have to give us within the time frame that falls within this fiscal year. I will remind everyone that our fiscal year ends at the end of June and so we only have roughly five months left in the fiscal year. So to the extent there is work that we're doing with our customers and those require certain volumes throughout the calendar year perhaps maybe even getting into the following calendar year those would fall into our next fiscal year which we'll talk about in August as we give guidance for that fiscal year but office year is ending in June reflected in there anything that's already unordered that's been given to us by the customer that is effectively firm or a contractual commitment effectively a take or pay that requires the customer to give the volume by the end of the fiscal year to produce by the end of the fiscal year whether they have actually given that order or not. So that's what's reflected to the extent that a customer gives additional orders above that minimum from year forward that would potentially provide some level of upside to the year but again it's a limited amount of time remaining in our year.
John Chiminski: Yes. This is John here I would say that we actually see outsourcing rates increasing across the cell and gene therapy space over the next five to seven years. You have to understand for gene therapy a majority, gene and cell therapy a majority of the customers are small biotech customers where the decision to put in capacity for relatively few assets that could actually cure the disease they're dramatically reduced their volume doesn't really make a lot of sense. So it actually lends itself much more towards outsourcing and so as we looked at specifically the gene therapy space our de novo research that we did showed that today about 65% of the gene therapy manufacturing was outsourced and we actually saw that growing to nearly 75% again over the next five to seven years. So we still are very bullish on both the gene and cell therapy space as it relates to capacity requirements from CDMOs like channeling.
John Chiminski: Yes. So across our businesses particularly where we have high levels of capacity and where in Softgel Technologies as I said a good portion of our 7,000 products that we supply are in that business you can have an outsize effect in both directions when volumes go down versus when volumes come up in that sort of business. You can see the impact even in our Biologics business. The volume increased this year and outside effect in terms of margins increasing. We're pleased to see margin expansion in the quarter across the company. Our guidance if you just take the midpoint of our guidance for example you see about 80 basis points margin expansion year-on-year in the business despite what you just described in your question with respect to Softgel Technologies business. We have very good visibility in that business and is reflected already with the second half of the business coming in better than the first half obviously and all that reflected in what we've described today and what we've included. So we are delivering margin expansion in the year which we're very pleased with despite that and we would expect these volumes come through in the business for that to reverse in terms of the impact on margins as well.
John Chiminski: Actually what I would tell you is that what has happened because of COVID is I think pharma and biotech in general has really understood the strategic nature and partnership of CDMOs in fact the challenge put in front of all pharma and biotech with regards to COVID-19 would not have been able to be realized by I would say pharma companies that were totally vertically integrated of 20 years ago. If you take a look what has happened during COVID it has allowed pharma and biotech to focus on what they do which is to develop these novel vaccines and treatments and run their clinical trials with their partners and then using CDMOs for the strategic capacity build-outs which Catalent has done on our part and well noted through my opening comments. So I think the strategic nature of CDMOs partnered with pharma and biotech has really come to bear strongly throughout COVID and I believe that those partnerships will continue and actually probably increase overall outsourcing in the future specifically with regards to the large pharma companies that again really got it promoted partnering with CDMOs to be able to [indiscernible] this challenge.
John Chiminski: We won't get into specifics across our programs. What I would say is again what we reflect in our guidance which is what is contractually required as contractual minimums from our customers or if they have indeed place orders for something above than we reflected those and so it's very unusual for us with these concepts that come down to individual doses but I won't go into and contracts vary as well in terms of how they're constructed with our customers. So they're not all one and the same but I would just say across whether it's COVID or not it is unusual to have contracts for us that come down to an individual doses for our patients. So that I'll just give you that as an added point.
John Chiminski: Juan, look I think you're probably looking at some of the same information that we are. I would probably turn that question to our customers who essentially are working with us and working with them to deliver on what they see that they're going to need and as the need arises whether it's multiple different strains or what have you the impact of those will be first and foremost be seen by our customers who will work with us to determine what we need to assist with in terms of our role in this process. In terms of our next fiscal year as I said earlier official year end in June therefore as we talk about and see some of these programs get to the point of very good data to potentially emergency use authorization and then eventually potentially full commercial approvals these impact is limited in terms of how much time we have left on the current fiscal year and you would imagine some of those would spill into the following year that starts on July 1 and we'll give guidance more specifically as we get to the point of giving guidance for the next year.
John Chiminski: Juan maybe I'll just say that we're going to learn a lot more about vaccine requirements and effectiveness in the coming months. These learnings are going to aid our thinking as we formulate our guidance for fiscal year ‘22 later this year. That said I'd say that we do anticipate manufacturing vaccines into our fiscal year ‘22 which begins on July 1 and likely through calendar year ‘22 also.
John Chiminski: Yes. Thanks for the question. Look we've reflected in our guidance not only what has already taken shape clearly in the first half or we expect in the second half and what we've said is what we expect improvement in the growth in the segment it's still going to be substantially below what we've thought the business would do long term from a top line perspective. Again those all have been reflected. We do have regular communications with our customers obviously who are providing this forecast. In many instances those forecasts on a rolling basis all the way out for a year and so we get a sense from them in terms of where they are as well as in our commercial contract we tend to have about a 9 day period in general where the forecast becomes firm. So that gives us a certain level of clarity clearly in addition to the additional information they're providing to us from a forecast perspective. So this is a business that has a very good level of visibility clearly in it given the commercial products that we supply and indeed we have seen some impacts from COVID-19 which we described in our prepared commentary but we are expecting the business to improve in the back half again still substantially below what we would take the business to do long term and all reflected in the guidance that we gave.
John Chiminski: Yes. So in terms of what we haven't announced I mean there are reasons that we haven't announced. So we won't go into any particular detail on these programs clearly some of the more spotlighted programs that are vaccine related and so on there is a fair amount of public information on those. And I'll just remind you when we look at the business we have a strategic point of view that particularly when you look at our Biologics business and the number of development programs we're working with our customers across a number of different modalities, gene therapy, cell therapy, monoclonal antibodies, etc. We have expectations to need to deploy capacity to add the scale necessary for these programs as they get late fees and require more volume and potentially commercially approved and require more as well. So we are accelerating capacity builds across the business that are initially necessary for COVID-19 programs in some instances but long term business capacity we would anticipate adding and that are perfectly in our strategic viewpoint as well. So this is why we say this is allowing us to accelerate our capacity, our strategic plans in terms of adding capacity to meet those needs whether the COVID programs we announced -- haven't announced or non-COVID related programs essentially across our Biologics segment in particular.
John Chiminski: Yes. So our guidance we've increased if you take just for any other point just the midpoint of our guidance range we've increased it by about 7 points but we've increased the COVID-19 net contribution by about 5 points. So hopefully that gives you some level of clarity here.
John Chiminski: Thanks operator and thanks everyone for your questions and for taking time to join our call. I'd like to close by highlighting a few key points we’ve covered today. First, a strong results in the second quarter including 17% organic net revenue growth and 22% organic adjusted EBITDA growth combined with our increased forecasts for the back half of the year have led us to raise our fiscal 2021 net revenue growth expectations by approximately six percentage points and our adjusted EBITDA growth expectations by approximately seven percentage points. Next we've been accelerating our strategic CapEx plans in our Biologics business in order to help meet near-term demand for both COVID and non-COVID products. As a result of some of these actions we are now producing COVID-19 vaccines and treatments. They are being used at this moment to help fight the pandemic. Importantly COVID-19 has been an accelerator for our long term strategic plans and will position us for continued long term sustainable growth. The Biologics segment continued to report exceptional growth in the second quarter with organic net revenue growth of 65% in organic segment EBITDA growth of more than 100%. The Biologics segment constituted 44% of our overall net revenue in quarter compared to 31% a year ago. And is the key driver for Catalent to meet its 2024 revenue target of $4.5 billion which we believe can be met without any large new acquisitions. Finally, our mission to develop manufacture and supply products that help people live better and healthier lives has never been more important. We continue to be thankful for our 14,000 plus employees deliver patient first culture and work hard to carry out the great responsibility we have to maintain business continuity for all of those counting on us to deliver for COVID-19 therapy or vaccine or the 7,000 other products we produce every year. Thank you.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, I will just add here Tycho that we and our customers are certainly responsible for delivering many non-COVID-19 medicines that are critical to patients and so we continue to work closely with our customers and government agencies to balance those priorities with COVID-19 pandemic needs as well as other items that are impacting to patients and using a patient first if you will mindset and culture as a guiding principle along those lines.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, Tycho we said all along after our first quarter results we expected the second quarter to be roughly in line with where the first quarter landed and we already then saw the back half being improved from where the first half was. So the business continues to really perform as we thought it was. Keep in mind our Softgel business is a relative to the rest of our segments a lower pipeline growth business but generate significant amount of cash flows which is one of the reasons we love this business and it contributes to the growth that we're in the expenses we're making across the rest of our segments. It also has the majority of our long cycle, if you will, commercial products which gives us an opportunity to see and interact with our customers in terms of looking at what they're forecasting what they're starting to see and so as we enter into the second year as John said in his opening remarks we're cautiously optimistic with what the business will deliver in the second half and we certainly see an improvement in the business versus where the first half was.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. Let me see if I can give some help with that. First we're very pleased with the strong starts of the fiscal year, right. Which continued with robust organic growth in the second quarter and put us in position to raise our guidance given the increased outlook that we see for the remainder of the year as well. As you recall the first quarter was primarily on largely non-COVID related we saw robust work across Biologics and for the company in the first quarter and the second quarter we're seeing primarily COVID but we still saw a very-very good growth across our Biologics business again and so on and you saw the grew up in our OSD, etc. So I think given the timing of some of the relatively speaking higher volumes some of the emergency used authorizations and so on. Those will be mostly in the second half of the year. So that would be the lion's share of the COVID related impact on the year would fall on the back half versus the first half of the year as well and as a reminder we just raised our guidance. It's largely the second half of the year adding 7 points to the growth with about 4 or 5 of those being COVID related. So that would also infer that the lion's share would fall in the back half but I won't take it down to a precise number.
Wetteny Joseph: Dave this is Wetteny here. As we've shared previously we would put the pricing for the services that we're performing for COVID-19 roughly in line with similar work that we do for non-COVID-19 related activities and so clearly with our mission being to help people live better healthier lives we're in position to demonstrate and be energized quite frankly across our network for our employees working around the clock to deliver robustly on these commitments and do so in record time. So we'll continue to do that and by the way we are dedicating assets in some ways it is accelerating capacity to be online in time to deliver for our customers locations worldwide. So the pricing is roughly in line. I would point that you might have seen a nice increase in EBITDA margins for example in our Softgel business in the quarter and whenever as a manufacturer whenever you get to high levels of throughput and utilization in any part of the business it's going to translate into higher margins and we're starting to see those happen. As a reminder back half of last year as well as through the first half of this year we continue to add significant amount of resources not just hard capacity but also people headcount that have had an impact on overall margins and as we see volume come through you see that increase and we would anticipate continuing to see particularly in the parts of the business where volumes are increasing significantly we see that translates into better margins as well. So it's not purely on the pricing point it's also the throughput in [indiscernible].
Wetteny Joseph: No John. You covered really well. Clearly we see long-term sustainable growth across our Biologics business broadly. We won't get into a specific contribution of the growth rate from gene therapy or cell therapy, etc. but overall we feel great about the business and where we are on that trajectory and as John said we expect the business to be roughly 50% of our revenues by 2024 and I think you can see us making significant progress towards that.
