John R. Chiminski: Thanks, Tom. And welcome, everyone, to our earnings call. We're pleased to start the fiscal year with solid results. As you can see on slide six, our first quarter revenue increased 11% in constant currency to $423 million, which represents organic growth of 9% compared to the first quarter of the prior year. All three of our reporting segments posted revenue growth in constant currency during the quarter, led by double-digit improvement in the Development & Clinical Services segment. During the first quarter, our Development & Clinical Services segment posted significant EBITDA growth on a constant currency basis. As a result, our EBITDA from continuing operations nearly doubled to $72.2 million compared to a year ago. On a constant currency basis, our adjusted EBITDA of $83.8 million was in line with the prior year. Our adjusted net income increased 54% year-over-year to $20.7 million or $0.16 per diluted share. Now I'll briefly discuss some of our key operating accomplishments during the first quarter. In the middle of October, at the CPhI Worldwide Conference and Exhibition held in Spain, we launched our new OptiForm Solution Suite platform designed to pair the optimal, most innovative drug delivery technologies to each developmental molecule, with the goal of providing candidate formulations for animal PK studies within 12 weeks of project initiation. OptiForm Solution Suite combines four innovative approaches, including advanced parallel screening to drug product development and aims to enhance drug bioavailability and to accelerate more molecules to the clinic and beyond. We also wish to highlight another excellent addition to our Board of Directors with Don Morel, former CEO of West Pharmaceuticals, joining effective the next time the Board of Directors convenes. We continue to build on the strong experience and expertise of our board as they partner with our management team in creating greater shareholder value. During the quarter, we announced the formation of an advisory board to provide strategic insights as we continue to build our biologics business growth strategy. This new board brings diverse expertise in biologics development and commercialization, new technologies, contract services, and a deep understanding of the key challenges facing biologics. These expert advisors will play a key role in keeping our strategy properly focused as we continue to build our biopharma solutions offerings. Finally, just a few days ago, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program to use up to $100 million to repurchase shares for our outstanding common stock. Under the program, we are authorized to repurchase shares through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, or otherwise in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. The buyback program will not hinder our ability to continue to seek M&A to augment our size and scale. In conclusion, we're off to a solid start for fiscal 2016 and are enthusiastic about several trends in the quarter, particularly the performance of our Development & Clinical Services business. The dynamics of our industry and market remain very favorable, and we continue to leverage our market-leading position, broad capabilities, global reach, and regulatory track record to further penetrate our existing markets. Now I'd like to turn the call over to our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Matt Walsh.
John R. Chiminski: I would just – this is John Chiminski. I would just say that Don is an excellent executive that comes from the pharmaceutical services space. And as we look to fill out our board post-Blackstone – we still have two Blackstone board members, we really wanted to add expertise from our space. And the way we look at West is that they are completely analogous to Catalent. They do on the pharmaceutical components side what we do on the pharmaceutical finished dosage form side. So, Don is going to be a terrific board member. He understands the business, has the similar – had a similar slate of customers, and I think he's really going to help us in terms of guiding growth. We've obviously have had some interactions with the team before and, again, Don is going to be a terrific add.
John R. Chiminski: Okay. In conclusion, I'd like to add that we're pleased with Catalent's performance during the quarter. Looking ahead to the remainder of the year, we're confident that we'll continue to benefit from our industry-leading partnerships, service offerings and technologies. We remain focused on expanding our market share and delivering value to our shareholders. I'd like to thank all of you for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you again on our next conference call. Thank you for your time.
Matthew M. Walsh: The margin decline that we saw in the OT segment was really driven by what we saw in the Modified Release Technologies side, where demand was lower for certain of our higher-margin products in the segment. Our softgel margins were actually up year-on-year. And because we're talking about year-over-year variances, seasonality really doesn't come into it. It is reflected already.
Matthew M. Walsh: Okay. So on the subject of your first question, mix shift, because of the breadth and diversity of our business, mix shift in revenue is something we'll be talking about quite frequently, whether it's within a segment or sometimes among our segments. So we'll take them one by one here. Within our Oral Technologies segment, the initiative that is underway to pursue more consumer health business will naturally cause the business to mix down. What we saw in the first quarter was actually better than our expectations because the softgel business performed broadly well across the globe and throughout all the subsets of the business. So Rx softgel performed well, development revenue was really strong in the business and so you didn't see what would be a natural mixing down from just having more consumer health versus Rx business. But the mix shift related to the modified release technologies business that we saw in the first quarter, we're likely to see that over the next couple of quarters until demand for these products improves, which we believe it will. So that's the Oral Technologies segment. Within the MDS segment, we saw some mixing down due to the pre-filled syringe performance during the quarter. This is something that will – we believe will improve towards the latter part of the fiscal year and into next fiscal year. We mentioned the animal health initiative. The DevClin business is mixing up as we are pursuing more oral solids development and commercial manufacturing, and that's what positively impacted margins in that business during the first quarter. And that is a growing business for us and we do expect to see margins continue to mix up across our DevClin business.
Matthew M. Walsh: Sure. So I'd like to draw a distinction and just make sure, this is something that we've talked about before, but it's a point that merits repeating. Our DevClin business will perform a wide array of scientific services in support of drug development for molecules that may never become part of the commercial, long-cycle part of the business. So what we're seeing on the DevClin side is indicative of just stronger R&D spend, generally speaking. It's good for the segment. It's overall good for our business, broadly speaking. But because we are taking on all-comers, if you will, in that part of our business, we don't necessarily focus on just molecules that we intend to commercialize. I would direct your attention to the development revenue metric which we disclosed. And that is scientific services and formulation and development services that we provide specifically for molecules that we intend to work with our customers to secure approval and then commercially manufacture for the long-term. That metric was up 22% year-on-year, and that is a very positive indicator for us that, in terms of the growth targets for our long cycle business and that we will be able to achieve what we had said in terms of 4% to 6% long-term growth at Catalent.
Matthew M. Walsh: So our Clinical Supply Services business is about three-quarters of the Development & Clinical Services reporting segment. The change in president reflects that 75% of the reporting segment, so it's our Clinical Supply Services business that Wetteny has ascended to the new role there. This is a business that has always had somewhat higher long-term growth outlook top-line than the base long-cycle business and we would put that at a couple of points. So at Catalent, overall, it's 4% to 6% top line growth; the Clinical Services business should be a point or two higher than that, and we continue to believe in that as the long-term potential growth rate for the business and our new president should be able to help us achieve that.
Matthew M. Walsh: So we're very comfortable at the leverage ratio that we've been at for the last few quarters, but really, I would say that our target leverage ratio on a steady state basis for the long term would be around 3.5%. That said, to pursue acquisitions which we believe are strategic to the company, we can and would consider taking that leverage up to 5%, 5.5%, as the company has operated at leverage levels of north of 6% for almost our entire time under private equity. And we did not miss a beat to invest the capital that we wanted to invest or pursue other growth initiatives, including three acquisitions last year. And the steady state leverage ratio of 3.5%, that's not an official position of the company; that's my own view as CFO of the company when I look at the cash, the cash flow generating profile, our long-term visibility into the revenues and the overall stickiness of the business. This is a business that can naturally shoulder higher levels of leverage than your average business.
Matthew M. Walsh: Sure. So what I'll quote you here is variable margins, and then I'll provide a footnote to that. Generally speaking, VMS, which is Vitamins & Mineral Supplements and consumer health business is generally 15 percentage to 25 percentage points lower variable contribution as compared to the Rx and generics side of our business. You generally don't see that flowing through all the way to the bottom line, as VMS products and consumer health products can be run, generally speaking, a little bit more efficiently through the plant. There are more stringent regulatory requirements on the prescription and generic side of the business. So that narrows, that narrows when you get to the bottom line. But the spread can be anywhere from 15 percentage to 25 percentage points at the variable profitability line. And another reason why we didn't see that in the first quarter and why we don't expect to see that through this fiscal year is because we are building this new consumer health capacity – or this new consumer health business into capacity that already exists. So you get a nice absorption benefit from the increased capacity utilization, which is another buffer to the overall margin mix-down.
Matthew M. Walsh: So we don't discuss specific products. I can tell you that they are prescription and generic products. As you might guess, those are higher margin products for us versus OTC or VMS. But just would just tell you that it's generally related to prescription or generic products that are higher margin for us.
Matthew M. Walsh: Sure. Sure. We did give a little bit of guidance on that, Derik. I think the company, relative to consensus, beat on revenues, we beat on EBITDA, and then we had a significant miss on EPS, and it's really all related to the timing of cash taxes. We expect our overall cash tax phasing to be about linear for the fiscal year, and the consensus came out more towards proportional to the EBITDA generation. But really, the way that our cash taxes are spent, it's a combination of paying estimated taxes versus actual taxes due. It actually moves more towards linear than it does proportional to our overall profit generation. And I think that was the discrepancy between where our actual performance was and where consensus came out. So in our prepared comments, we alluded to the notion that as we see the future quarters rolling out, cash taxes are more likely to be linear than they are to be proportional.
Matthew M. Walsh: Okay. Thank you for your questions. I'll take the first one first, which is related to capital allocation. So I want to be clear with everyone that our overall capital allocation strategy has not changed. So, we will preferentially direct capital to organic growth in the business as well as prudently executed M&A. That's where the dollars will go first. And then beyond that, we would look at share buybacks before we would look at debt reduction. We're quite comfortable with the leverage where it is, as it has been the lowest that Catalent has fundamentally every operated under. And that may drift down to about 3.5 times, which is – as we had discussed earlier, it's about steady state. The institution of the share buyback program, I would characterize this more under the, more under the category of good housekeeping, as we would generally want to contain any sort of share growth related to management equity program and having in place a small, board approved share buyback program is an excellent way to do that, and so that's exactly what we did during the quarter. The timing of the institution of it should carry no signals to anybody. This is just simply a prudent way to keep our overall share count from rising due to management equity programs. Your second question related to M&A and the potential for the company to execute some sort of a tax inversion, and I guess what I would say is it's awfully hard for the company to comment on M&A, generally speaking, and when you're talking about something as specifically targeted as an inversion deal, it just becomes very difficult to talk in any specifics about that. So that's just a tough one to address in this kind of a format. And finally on MRT, in terms of additional color, it's just not unusual for us to experience in any of our technology verticals periods of ebbs and flows of demand, and I think that's what we had seen in the MRT business in the first quarter. The products that were – that did not meet our expectations, as I mentioned, were generally prescription or generic products. These are viable products; they're not going away. Sometimes our customers will be adjusting inventory levels. Sometimes they're running promotions. And these things will cause ebbs and flows. I think that we'll see this for the next few quarters, but we're not at all worried about either a, these specific products or b, the long term growth prospects for our MRT business.
Matthew M. Walsh: Okay. Thank you. I would tell you, David, that it is true that the product slate within our ADT business is – or within our MRT business is narrower than softgel. So when you look at the Oral Technologies segment, that would be the case. There's no real relationship amongst the products that we saw lower demand for during the quarter, either by customer or by therapeutic class. And I would characterize it as a handful of products, so five, plus or minus.
Matthew M. Walsh: And that's about all I can divulge at this point. And as I've said in prior calls, when we see these kind of fluctuations, they tend to go for several quarters, and then we'll naturally see an uptick. But the products that are down, as I alluded to with the last caller, we don't have fundamental concerns about the market viability of these products, and sometimes in certain quarters, we'll see less or more orders as supply chains are moving, right? In the long term, medications that we manufacture go to patients, and that's why we tend to focus on long-term guidance versus short-term. But in the short term, we're supplying our customers supply chains which can inherently be more volatile. But I think just to cap it, I think you are correct that there's a narrower product slate within the MRT business versus the softgel business. And so, of the 7,000 products, plus or minus, that Catalent makes, softgel might have something like 5,000 and the MRT business might have something like 1,200, okay, just to give you a little bit of some context.
Matthew M. Walsh: It depends on how pervasive the issue is. I think, in this case, we would be inclined to modestly adjust our cost base. And that happens in very sensible ways in terms of how you manage a labor force. But there's nothing that would indicate that we need to be making more wholesale changes to our overall staffing levels at the impacted sites.
Matthew M. Walsh: Well, that one's difficult to quantify. I would say that it is marginally mix dilutive. In other words, the absorption doesn't quite cover the lower variable profits. And the reason why we didn't see it in the first quarter is just because the softgel business performed so well actually across the board. The Rx business did well globally, including North America. Development revenue was up nicely. And so that countered what would naturally be a margin down due to the consumer health business that we are onboarding. But we're certainly happy to be realizing the overall absolute increase in profitability dollars. And this is something that I think we'll see for the rest of this fiscal year. And then by that point, we would consider the objective of the overall consumer health initiative pretty much achieved.
