John Chiminski: Sure, a lot there Tycho. So let me just, step -- step back and look at the big picture here. First of all, I think, our acquisition of Paragon in the gene therapy space really gave us the confidence to enter into another very fast-expanding space in cell therapy. When we take a look at the number of cell therapy trials that are ongoing, it actually significantly exceeds those in the gene therapy area, and its growing kind of in the mid-teens growth rate. I would say that from an acquisition standpoint, I would say that we have acquired MaSTherCell a little bit earlier in the cycle than we have from a Paragon standpoint, so obviously a smaller acquisition compared to Paragon, but I would say we're probably catching it two to three years earlier in the cycle. So, they are still early on, they've got a very strong position. I would say they're really the leading standalone cell therapy, CDMO player, and they've got some tremendous capability. I would say from a customer standpoint, I think it's very similar to our acquisition of Paragon where you've got a couple of marquee base customers there, but then have behind that a broad slate of overall customers both in the autologous as well as the allogeneic area. From a CapEx standpoint, I would say that on a comparative basis to Paragon, they are smaller numbers based upon the overall technology, but I mean it’s going to require some additional CapEx for us to build out the commercial facilities that they already have started in the Belgian area as well as the preclinical and clinical facility they have in Houston, and an anticipated additional commercial facility there. So, we've anticipated that in terms of looking at our CapEx going forward, which Wetteny can further detail out.
John Chiminski: Yes. So on in terms of the remainder of the year, I would say, given my – prepared commentary here, I would expect some continued headwind for the OSD segment, for the balance of the fiscal year. That's all factored into the guidance that we just gave as well for the year, just giving you some additional color there. Although, I would expect the business to show sequential improvement quarter-on-quarter from a growth rate standpoint, it would still be a headwind for the balance of the year. In terms of Zydis Ultra, as we've talked about, this is an exciting area for us to expand the base of our Zydis offering to be able to bring on molecules with bigger drug loading than we did before. We have gone through pilot stages proving that the technology can work. We are in the midst of a capital expansion to upscale that to commercial levels and have already signed a number of programs with customers to leverage that technology. But this is factored into our long-term confidence in this business segment as well. In terms of it’s ability to grow at the 5% to 7% in the long term, but those are – in terms of Zydis Ultra, we're talking further out before we’d start to see meaningful revenue from Zydis Ultra.
John Chiminski: Yes. So first of all, I would just say that it continues to be an incredibly robust, I dare say hot market from a gene therapy standpoint. We're seeing significant numbers of customers coming to us for both development programs as well as for I would say, longer term clinical and potential commercial manufacturing capacity. So what has ended up happening since we announced the deal is that we've been able to model out the existing CapEx expenditures and capacity and with some additional supporting CapEx are going to actually be able to drive overall revenues long term into Paragon network that are above the actual deal model. We're not specifying out here what that additional revenue potential is, but I would just say that it is meaningful. And obviously, we're looking out through over a four to five-year period. I would just say in general, again, very robust, very robust marketplace. And I think what we're extremely excited about is that with the acquisition of Paragon, and now MaSTherCell, that we now have platforms in those areas where additional M&A isn't required for us to build out those platforms, and we're much more in control now being able to invest CapEx to drive further growth. So I think, those really provided us some strong increase in the gene and cell therapy space. It really will position Catalent as the leader in gene and cell therapy from a CDMO standpoint.
John Chiminski: Sure. So I'll first start off, and say that MaSTherCell has deep scientific expertise as it pertains to cell therapy in the areas of multiple cell types and for both autologous and allogeneic. So as you know, autologous is basically where you take a patient's own materials, you modify them, and you grow them and then ultimately reintroduce them into the patient. So it's basically one, one batch, one patient, if you will. And then and on the allogeneic front, it's where you can take, I would say, donors’ materials, and then do that modification and scale up and then and then provide multiple doses for multiple tape patients. So, you can imagine that that the scientific expertise to be able to do that is fairly significant. And MaSTherCell is doing that at a preclinical and also as at the clinical level. So we really do believe that we have acquired, the leading standalone cell therapy, CDMO business and again we're positioned with Paragon, and now MaSTherCell to be the leader, leading CDMO from a cell and gene therapy standpoint, and I'll let Wetteny weigh in on with regards to the financial questions.
John Chiminski: No. I just want to say, in terms of what we see in the market today, that was a second part of your question. I think clearly given the confidence that the board has to approve yet more CapEx to go into gene therapy, I would say, the demand there is embedded than we saw heading into the acquisition and with MaSTherCell we have even more capabilities across the modalities that are driving quite a bit of R&D spending and clinical programs to hopefully lead to even more commercial in the future. So I would say from a demand standpoint we see strength there. I would say, in our legacy businesses you can see that we've gotten off to a very strong start in the first half for the year which positioned us very well to deliver on the year at growth rates across our businesses that, I would say, are above the levels at least for the first half year that we would have set for those businesses when you don't factor in Paragon. So, I just wanted to finish that, and then I'll take your next question.
John Chiminski: Yes. Our Softgel and Oral Technologies segment had posted very strong growth here in the first half of the year organically. We've said that this is a business having move a couple of facilities into the segment. Last quarter, we said this is a business with long-term deliver between 3% and 5%. So that's up from 2% to 4% we're seeing for softgel. I would say, that we've seen strength, and its stemming from how we ended last fiscal year having had some very good launches on prescription side of the business. We continue to see strong growth from our consumer perspective across Europe and Latin America which we would have anticipated coming to the year. So I would say, this is slightly above our expectations with some of this work we saw coming. In terms of comparison, in the second quarter compared to last year, if you recall, we were really facing into headwinds related to the worldwide ibuprofen shortage and the second quarter was -- I would say the most pronounced impact. So when you compare this year second quarter versus last year, I would probably put about two points of growth coming from a comparison related to that issue itself and so you would still be with the business that's growing above long-term where we would expect the business to be in the quarter. But again the long-term growth rates are just that. They're expected to be long-term, and any quarter can be in that range, above or below it, which is our expectations given the long cycle the business than what we expect that we're giving. But we're very pleased with the performance of the SOT business, but that again much of that we anticipated as we entered the year.
John Chiminski: So, yes, we have taken our CapEx expectations now from 11% to 12% up to 13% to 14% given what we've already discussed around. The demand we're seeing across our gene therapy business and increased capital deployment to capitalize on that. And so I would -- we're not giving guidance for next year yet. We will do so when we post our results for the full fiscal year. One can anticipate given that we -- these are one to two-year, closer to two-year expansion project for the most part that we'll continue to see this level for another year here. In terms of what that translates into for growth, I think we've already given what we said around the growth rates that we expect of our biologics business long term. We're already at a fairly robust growth expectations for the business. These capital deployments tend to run a couple years and then there's a time to ramp up as well. So I'm not going to give any further guidance from a revenue perspective other than what we said for this current year and what we've said for long-term. And as we get into each year we'll be in position to give you more clarity on the upcoming year.
John Chiminski: So first of all, we don't discuss individual customers and won't do here, but I will say that like Paragon we have several well-known marquee customers that have come there, which I also used as a way to validate the capabilities from both the scientific standpoint, as well as from an overall manufacturing standpoint. First, let's remember that, and what we're doing right now in cell therapy at MaSTherCell is at the preclinical and the clinical stage. That being said, they're doing preclinical and clinical work for allogeneic, not just autologous, about half the customers at the top of their list, if you will, from Pareto standpoint are working on allogeneic, and those are done at higher scales. But they're already being done at a clinical level to be able to prove that out. So they have not yet fully built out their commercial manufacturing. It's -- they're building it out on the potential for a couple of customers that have several targets that could get approval after going through the clinical phase 1, or at least go into that clinical Phase 2, not approval, but go into a larger scale, and that is ultimately what will go into their facility. I'll also say that they've designed the facility from a flexible standpoint so that depending upon whether or not they get approval for the larger scale, and when we talk larger, it's modestly larger from autologous to going to allogeneic if some of those allogeneic targets don't hit that they're going to be able to repurpose it for autologous. So they'll have a somewhat, I would say, modestly lower revenue ramp, but ultimately, they're tuned into being able to do both. Last comment I'll make is that Catalent has a history of successful acquisitions. And that success is driven by the very thorough due-diligence that we do on all of these assets. And I would say, this is no different than what we did with Paragon, Bloomington, Juniper. Accucaps, you can go down the entire list. So, in addition to our own experts, we also had engaged some and done some third-party work, some original work to be able to vet out the overall industry. And I would just say that I'm highly confident that we've gotten a great team and a great asset for the company that's going to be a new platform.
John Chiminski: Yes, with the incremental CapEx spend we are now estimating our percentage of free cash flow as percent of adjusted net income to be between 20% and 35%. Whereas before, we're saying between 30% and 45%. So that's the revised number solely from the increased CapEx that we have discussed here today. All right.
John Chiminski: Thanks, operator. And thanks, everyone for your questions and for taking the time to join our call. I'd like to close by reminding you of a few important points. First, we're pleased with the performance of our acquisitions which drove the increase in our guidance. We're committed to delivering fiscal 2020 results consistent with our updated financial guidance, and we're focused on continuing to drive organic growth across all of our segments. Second, it’s a top priority to grow our world class biologics business and effectively integrate the premier assets we're acquiring and deploy CapEx to further build out our capacity and capability to help improve the lives of patients and meet our customers demand. As demonstrated with MaSTherCell, we continue to evaluate acquisition targets. to round out our capabilities. We look forward to continuing strong revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth from our biologic’s offerings. Third, expanding the adjusted EBITDA margin of our overall business is a key focus area for this management team, as we drive towards expanding our margins to at least 28% in 2024. Finally, operations, quality and regulatory excellence are at the heart of how we run our business and remain a constant focus and priority. We support every customer project, the deep scientific expertise, and a commitment to putting the patient first in all we do. Thank you.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, Tycho, the one thing I would -- I would add is, as John mentioned in his prepared commentary MaSTherCell in the midst of expanding its clinical operations with a new facility in the U.S. and in addition to a commercial facility that they're in the middle of in Europe. So as those come on and ramp up, we would expect to attract even more customers into the business as we continue to scale it from a customer standpoint.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. So a couple things, one in terms of what differentiates the business in addition to what John just laid out working across both autologous and allogeneic. I would say, not only do they have the technical capabilities, but the versatility to work across a number of different formats that are obviously going after some of the leading cell therapies out there. And I think their versatility is what MaSTherCell is well known for in terms of their customers. With respect to revenue, we’re not giving any additional guidance. What I would say here is, we’ll give more after we close this transaction, which we would anticipate by the time we connect again, for earnings call for the third quarter. But as I said in the previous comments, even if you were closed When we close the transaction, it will not have meaningful impact on this year from an EBITDA standpoint, it won't for the next year. So I would, I would put it as a relatively small revenue number and EBITDA number for the year.
Wetteny Joseph: No, while we raise guidance in total, driven largely by our gene therapy business and its continued growth that we see, in addition to adding Anagni to the totals. The organic estimate remains the same in terms of growth rate, and as a reminder, from a revenue standpoint, that's 4% to 7%. And from a adjusted standpoint that’s 9% to 12%.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. So first of all, in terms of the 50%. That is correct, with the businesses we have today, and the organic capital deployment. And just as a reminder, we not only have capital deployment in our base, through our product and drug substance businesses, which we announced just over a year ago. We also have the Paragon gene therapy business which we continue to deploy capital and to -- in terms of driving and responding to the demand that we see in the market from a gene therapy perspective. And now with the MaSTherCell announced that today we'll be continuing to have a larger proportion of our growth stemming from our now broad biologics offerings. So, as you look today, based on the organic growth across the business, we can see biologics representing approximately 50% of our revenues five years out. As John said, to get to the estimate of $4.5 billion by 2024 that contemplates not only organic, but also certain strategic inorganic investments. But the percentage of biologics we can see us or we do to that from the organic growth of the current businesses.
Wetteny Joseph: So I think, the way described this business is really -- you have largely programs that are still in the clinic here. And those can be, as you know, a variable -- some variability and lumpiness around clinical programs in the typical stages. But what we're seeing particularly in the gene therapy of business is the extreme tightness of supply is driving customers to enter into contracts with a essentially reserved capacity. And that gives it a little bit of a longer visibility and increased booking as a percentage what we expect in the business that starts to feel almost quasi-commercial. So, our visibility here, I would say is much better than we would typically see in a typical business that is largely the clinical. And as we enter into the year or at any point in time, looking out over the next quarters to come, we have we have better visibility than we would typically see in a clinical program.
Wetteny Joseph: So look, I think we just announced the deal. So we won't provide a ton more color at this point. But over the next several quarters, once we close the deal and we get to announcing expectations for the following year, we can give you more color. But one thing we have said is that while the business generates a certain amount of EBITDA in its clinical operations that exists today that EBITDA has been reinvested in the -- in what I'll call the startup costs for the commercial operations that it's building in Europe, as well as the new clinical site that is growing in the U.S. So, for the next two years, we're just not expecting meaningful EBITDA at all from this business. And I just won't give you much further than that. I think certainly given the highly technical and position that we see master cell has, which John and I described earlier, we certainly anticipate that this is highly valuable to our customers and this is a business that should generate healthy EBITDA margins in the long term. But we just won't give you any more precision in that today.
Wetteny Joseph: Look, five years out, we're giving you our estimate in terms of what we see based on the businesses today, as we just announced the MaSTherCell deal today, and we're yet to close that, certainly, as we look to deploy more capital into our gene therapy businesses which are projects that as I said, will take better part of some years to execute. We will we will have more clarity out five years. But at this point, given we've just recently, given that estimate, roughly around the time we made the Paragon acquisition was the first time we said look, we can see ourselves getting to 50% of our revenues in biologics in five years time. We're not prepared today to move off of that estimate, but as we again execute on the capital expansions, and we continue to see what the demand is in the business we'll have more clarity. And one more point I'll make is, we are not looking to become a solely a biologics company. So we are also making investments in our small molecule businesses across Softgel and Oral Technologies and OSD business. As we do that those also have the potential to perform in certain ways that would influence what their percentage is overall. And so again, in both instances we'll give you more clarity as we have it, but we've only recently given you the estimate of 50%. We're not prepared to move off of that at this point.
Wetteny Joseph: So, look, first of all, in terms of looking at potential acquisitions and how we get to $4.5 billion, I think you can even do some calculations here, if you assume just the midpoint of our six to eight organic growth rate from where we will end this fiscal year. And you can start with the midpoint of revised guidance we just gave today that get you to a number. Again, you have other ends -- both ends of the spectrum you can calculate, but if you take the midpoint, and I know, we've just announced the MaSTherCell deal. So you would factor that in as well. It gives you to a number that you can back into what the rest would be from an M&A standpoint. In terms of where we're looking, certainly as we evaluate potential assets, we're looking at them across both small and large molecule. We would have, I would say, bias towards the faster growing into the market which tend to be in biologics where we would also see higher margins as well. But I would not say that we're exclusively looking at large molecule biologics. But given now we have a great platform with Paragon. We've now getting ready to add MaSTherCell to that. I think there are a number of other areas, related areas that we would be very interested in both from an organic perspective as well as inorganic. And those could include lentivirus, plasmids, and other areas that we've discussed previously, that will continue to influence where we get to five years out.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. Look, I would say, first of all, if you look across biologics, there are a few things to point to. We are giving long term ranges as to where we expect the business to be from a EBITDA margin perspective. And we continue to have confidence in the business being able to do that. And the mix, again, driving towards more biologics. That's point number one. In terms of near-term, and what we've seen over the last couple quarters in particular, I'll remind you that right after we made the acquisition of Paragon, we also acquired two facilities from Novavax to augment our front end and allows to bring more programs into the business. And those as we said, we would expect to be margin dilutive for the first few quarters - few quarters out of the gate as we ramp up and bring on more customers into those facilities. But statistically, absolutely the best move for us to do, again, for the gene therapy business and for the biologics segment at large. So as we expand, which we are doing in Paragon, and we're doing across our, again, legacy, biological businesses and drug products and drug substance, and we make those expansions, not only the capital that we put in, it's also the labor and other costs that we bringing ahead of the volume coming in for those and would expect that to have an impact in terms of where we see in the short term from a margin perspective and certainly within our expectations, but it's also within our expectations long-term as we ramp-up utilization across those expanded capacity, that we will get to the margins that we've said that the business will get to.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. Juan, so look, as typical, we only give the estimate of what the revenue contribution would be for the MPIs we have launched so far. So that's contribution for the totality of the year. As we go through each quarter and we launch more policies we can give more clarity around what those products will do for the year. The $27 million I will put it right in the middle of the average for the company over the last few years in terms of the contribution that we would have seen. Again, I wouldn't necessarily take that and analyze it. But the rate that we're seeing right now is in line what we typically see from those NPI contributions. Last year was an abnormally high contribution, given some of the bigger programs were launched earlier in the year and had a bigger impact on the individual year. So I think when you look at that metric, again, it's just a -- it's a directional indicator. You also have to take into consideration the timing of relevant products and launches in terms of their relative size, you can have an impact on year-over-year, which is not necessarily an indication of healthier or less healthy sort of product slate. So again, last year was an abnormally high year, and so the contribution for NPIs this year, I will put in more on the average, which is typically somewhere between $40 million and $60 million. What we've seen in terms of contribution from NPIs in any given year, last year it was closer to $100 million. So I'll cap it at that.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. So let me give you a couple -- I referenced earlier a couple of things within the biologics business, particularly when you're looking at gene therapy that contributed to some margin dilution as we brought on two facilities that we bought Novavax, that we said, would be the dilutive in the first few quarters out as we ramp-up business in those facilities. So, I would say, that's in line with our expectations as what we're seeing from a gene therapy perspective, which continues to increase in terms of EBITDA margin. As a reminder, if you look at what we've said publicly in 2018 calendar year, the business would have generate somewhere in the teens in terms of EBITDA margin and then for 2019 it would be in the mid to high 20s. And we expect the business to continue to climb in the long term, to be in line with our biologics expectations overall. So, the business is performing as we expected. A little bit of dilution from those facilities that we brought on. But the other thing I would say is, our EBITDA margin expectations when we give them whether it's for the year or for the long-term, do not necessarily indicate that each quarter will be exactly in line with that. And in particularly keep in mind that our business tends to have our preventive maintenance set downs in the summer. And as we as we execute through the year, the third and fourth quarter in particular tend to be where we have the most significant throughput in our factories, and we tend to drive higher EBITDA margins in the fourth quarter than we do in any other quarter. So I would just keep that in mind, which I would hold true across our biologics offerings as well in terms of how you would see that. Again, I would not expect each quarter would be exactly in line with our long-term. I would also point out that within our biologics business, we have more clinical programs, which tend to be a bit more variable than you see in a more commercial operation that could drive different throughput from one quarter to the next as well. We continue to be very confident in what the business will do long-term, as well as what we've stated, the business will do in the current fiscal year.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. The launch of our OneBio Suite offering, which leverages our capabilities across not only a biologics segment, which includes end-to-end solutions from cell lines all the way through the drug product, finished dose seeking [ph] and dosing patients, but it also includes our capabilities across bio analytical and what we do in our clinical supply business where we are able to take those therapies all the way to the clinic to dose the patients. So across the board we've demonstrated that we're able to help customers save time, which is extremely valuable to our customer base. And so far, the reception is in very, very positive. We've even signed programs under this offering already with customers and I would say it is still a long -- this is a long cycle business. And I would expect over the long period of time for this to be more meaningful for us, but we're very pleased with the initial reaction we're seeing so far.
Wetteny Joseph: We don't have a split for you, but I would say that is a healthy portion of that that is inorganic given the Paragon is all inorganic, and Paragon is largely working with programs that are in the clinic. So I would say that our acquisitions, particularly in gene therapy here and now, once we close MaSTherCell that will continue to contribute towards that development revenue buckets. So, while I don't have a split for you, I would say there's a large part of that that is inorganic, although organically, it's growing and I was probably just estimated to be in line with the overall organic growth that you're seeing in the business.
Wetteny Joseph: So look, certainly the demand that we're seeing with our current customer base in addition to work that we have done here with consultants, really digging into the demand profile and what's anticipated in terms of clinical programs and potentially commercial. We see a substantial difference between supply capacity today and what's anticipated based on announcements versus what the demand will be across on this segment. So it certainly of no surprise that others want to enter into this space, and the announcement that you are referring are being one of those.
Wetteny Joseph: So, what I would say is you didn't miss anything. We didn't specifically disclose the amount. Although you can certainly as you have already, calculate what that translates into for the current year. As we get into guidance for fiscal year 2021, which we will do when we issue our annual report, we will provide more colors in terms of weather translates to for next year inclusive of gene therapy, but the rest of our business as well. I wouldn't say this is an open ended authorization. We did see an opportunity to deploy more capital into the current BWI campus that would allow us to get more throughput through that, through those suites. And that incremental capital is something that has been authorized by the board to execute and will continue to reevaluate where else we would deploy additional capital in the business and come out with more color on that. But yes, we have raised our CapEx expectations for this year from 11% to 12%, to now 13% to 14%, again, largely driven by the incremental capital we're deploying in our gene therapy business.
