John R. Chiminski: Thanks, Tom, and welcome, everyone, to our earnings call. We're very pleased with our first quarter fiscal-year 2018 results, providing us a strong start to our fiscal year. For the first quarter, we recorded double-digit year-over-year revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth in constant currency across all three of our reporting segments. As you can see on slide 6, our revenue for the first quarter increased 23% as reported and increased 22% in constant currency to $543.9 million with 14% of the 22% being organic and with all reporting segments contributing to the growth. Our adjusted EBITDA of $90.9 million was above the first quarter of fiscal-year 2017 on a constant currency basis by 22%, of which 13% was organic, again, with all segments contributing to year-over-year EBITDA growth. Our adjusted net income was $27.1 million or $0.21 per diluted share for the first quarter, an increase of $0.05 per share versus the prior year. Now, moving to our key accomplishments during the quarter, first, we announced the acquisition of Cook Pharmica, a privately held biologics-focused contract development and manufacturing organization. The company was founded in 2004 as a unit of the Cook Group. Since then, the business has developed with careful attention to staffing, operational excellence and best-in-category fixed asset investment. Today, the company operates a world class 875,000 square foot development and manufacturing facility in Bloomington, Indiana, where it employs more than 750 people. The combination of Catalent and Cook Pharmica significantly strengthens our position as a leader in biologics development and manufacturing. Together, we'll provide customers a single partner to accelerate biologic drug development programs for our customers and bring better treatments to patients worldwide through a comprehensive portfolio of integrated solutions. The acquisition closed on October 23 and the integration is well underway, already creating value for the company, our customers and our shareholders. To fund the Cook Pharmica acquisition, we were active in the capital markets and issued 7.4 million new shares of our common stock at $39.10 per share before underwriting discounts. The share count includes a full exercise for the underwriters of their over-allotment option and the offering price was only 0.3% less than the closing price the day before the offering. Since the late September offering, of course, our stock price has risen well above the offering price. After the end of the quarter, we used the net proceeds of this offering together with cash on hand and the net proceeds of an October offering of $450 million aggregate principal amount of eight-year U.S. dollar-denominated senior goes to pay the portion of the purchase price due at the closing of the acquisition. The remaining portion of the Cook Pharmica purchase price, $200 million, will be paid directly to the seller in four equal installments without interest over the first four anniversaries of the October 23 closing. Concurrently with the notes offering, we completed an amendment to our senior secured credit facilities to lower the interest rate under U.S. dollar-denominated and euro-denominated term loans and on a currently undrawn revolving credit facility. Matt will discuss the new terms in more detail later in the presentation. We couldn't be more pleased with the outcome of the financing transaction that's recently completed and look forward to continuing to create value for our debt and equity stakeholders and realizing the benefits of the Cook Pharmica acquisition. Second, I'll provide a brief update on another component of our biologics strategy, which continues to make great strides. The expansion of our facility in Madison is progressing well and we continue to be on pace for engineering runs in the next few weeks. Additionally, we've already signed a number of customer contracts for the third train, while also growing a robust funnel of late-stage clinical opportunities, which together should lead to significant utilization of the new capacity and the fast pace we were anticipating. Last, I want to reiterate that the dynamics of our industry and market continue to remain very strong and our customers' needs for fewer, bigger, better development and manufacturing partners will continue to be drivers of long-term growth. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Matt Walsh, who'll take you through our first quarter fiscal-year 2018 financial results as well as provide a revised outlook for fiscal-year 2018.
John R. Chiminski: First of all, I would say that the operations are highly complementary. What we got with the Cook Pharmica acquisition was a business that was extremely strong on the drug product side. So, this is the finished dosage form in vial/syringe lyophilized form, which we really did not have, and our customers were asking us to develop through Madison, so highly complementary nature. And I'd also say that our drug substance business in Madison really is leadership, where on the Cook side, I would say they have some standard offerings with two 2,500 stainless steel reactors. So, the combination of the two assets really creates a very strong integrated end-to-end offering, where we see many of our Madison customers now wanting to go beyond drug substance and go into the drug products, which we can fulfill out of Cook Pharmica. The one thing to be very clear about is this is a fast-growing expanding market. So, for us, it's about continuing to add additional capacity. And we'll probably continue on in Madison going beyond the third train that we've completed and moving on to a fourth and fifth train, but then the capacity that we have in Cook with the large part of an unused roof overhead could be used for further drug substance manufacturing and moving towards the single use bioreactors, which we really kind of pioneered in Madison. We've just brought the sales teams together actually last week. As you know, the acquisition just closed and there's tremendous opportunity. The Cook business had a relatively small, very small sales force, where their strategy was fundamentally to continue to grow with existing customers, which is very different from Catalent's model of really expanding our customer base and bringing as many high-value molecules as we can into the business. So, we see that evolving positively on a go-forward basis. Really, really pleased with the acquisition and the potential to take us where – right now, we're at – 21% of our revenues are now going to come from biologics-related activity. With the acquisition of Cook Pharmica, we had a stated goal of 20% to 25%. And as we kind of round out our strat plans early next year, we'll probably be pushing that towards 25%, to potentially 30% of overall revenue. So, the combination of the two assets should really keep the strong biologics growth momentum continuing for us.
John R. Chiminski: I also think that another comment to that is really driven by DMS (40:32) products, which I would say our lowest-margin products, which if you recall back two and three years ago, we were trying to leverage some unused capacity in our Softgel network to increase volumes, if you will. So, we've garnered some additional business going into China. There were some regulatory changes that needed that, but we then gone past that – those capacity utilization opportunities in Softgel and continue to be focused, I would say, more heavily on the Rx and OTC business segments within that business unit.
John R. Chiminski: Sure. So, our thinking has not changed in terms of scale, I would say, the biologic supply space is really barbelled between the very big suppliers, where they'll still have opportunities, I would say, on potential biosimilars that come to market in a few blockbusters in the biosimilar – or I'm sorry, in the biologics area, which would be really the kind of the Lonza, BI, and other large capacity manufacturers and even WuXi (42:12) I think maybe moving towards some larger capacity for the biosimilar opportunity in China. But there is a huge portion of these molecules that are in small and mid-sized companies, where the volumes, as we've talked about, we believe that of the molecules that are currently in the pipeline from the analysis that we've done with our Strategic Advisory Board, our own experts and outside consultancy that 70% of what's currently in the pipeline is going to require 5,000 liter or less bioreactors. So, we really like that space. It has aggressive growth for us. It allows us to be reasonable in terms of the CapEx requirements. We're spending in the tens of millions of dollars versus the hundreds of millions of dollars for big capacity. And it allows us to use that single use bioreactor technology, which really improves cycle times and the potential for contamination and so forth. So, our business case in our approach towards where we want to put capacity in for biologics for me remains the same. With regards to the two businesses, we were actually very pleased with the lack of overlap that we have between the two businesses. Once the customer names and products were unblinded to us during due diligence, these were marquee names. Now, there are several large customers that are customers of ours, but we hadn't tapped into from a biologics standpoint. So, overall, everything about this deal continues to be on the favorable side of the equation.
John R. Chiminski: Okay. Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for your questions and for taking the time to join our call. I'd like to close by reminding you of a few of our key priorities for fiscal-year 2018. First, we're confident and committed to delivering FY 2018 results consistent with our financial guidance. Second, we're committed to building a world-class biologics business for our customers and for patients and look forward to another year of double-digit revenue and EBITDA growth from our core biologics offering. The successful and efficient integration of Cook Pharmica into the Catalent portfolio is a top priority for the management team, as we look to recapitalize from the benefits of having both drug substance and drug product capability under one roof. Last, operations, quality and regulatory excellence are at the heart of how we run our business and remain a constant focus and priority. We support every customer project with deep scientific expertise and a commitment supporting the patient first in all we do. Thank you.
Matthew M. Walsh: That's a good question, Tejas. In addition to what we called out in the Softgel business, I think we saw some timing-related favorability in the DDS business. I wouldn't say significant, but it was enough front-loaded that it did impact our thinking about not changing guidance for the base business, excluding the Cook acquisition. There was no timing-related issues of any magnitude in the CSS segment.
Matthew M. Walsh: I believe that the Cook business would exhibit similar seasonality to the Catalent business. So, we don't expect the addition of Cook to change the seasonal dynamic that Catalent has exhibited over many years now with first quarter being the lightest by far and fourth quarter being the strongest by far. In terms of the impact of Cook Pharmica, I think, Tejas, what you might want to think about doing is just making an estimate of the first quarter that we did not own the business. The company is not going to make a public position on accounting that we weren't responsible for. So, it wouldn't be a bad idea to just annualize off of the nine months' worth of numbers that we're providing here and that will give you at the end – maybe back off that a little bit, because the Cook business itself is growing throughout the year. That should give you a pretty good estimate of the full-year impact on a pro forma basis.
Matthew M. Walsh: Biosimilars is certainly a positive driver of activity for us. So, that will be additive to our growth in terms of a long-term outlook. We view biosimilars in the role that Catalent can play very positively.
Matthew M. Walsh: Sure. I think a couple of things are at play there, Tim, but of course, I would say we don't necessarily see any significant shift in the competitive landscape. We just see the pie as growing and the customers that we are doing business with in the CSS business just happens to be running high on molecules that they are taking into clinical trials. So, I think that, that is one driver that is a real net positive. The company has also been making efforts in our, what we have branded, FastChain initiative to help our customers minimize wasted materials and the resulting added expense from undertaking trials and this has been a positive driver of activity and results in the business. And I would say, two, as you look at the prior-year period, and it's a bit of a favorable comparison point, because we were just in the early throes in the first quarter, and we'll see this in the second quarter likely as well, of upgrading our ERP system for our U.S.-based operation in Philadelphia and that slowed down our ability to perform in the prior-year period. So, we've got some favorable comparison points for this quarter and for next quarter on that base. So, I'd highlight those three things.
Matthew M. Walsh: I think a lot of our Asia Pacific volumes were headed into China on an import basis. And some of those import regulations in China have been changing for the products that we were manufacturing on our customers' behalf. And so, sourcing of those materials into China has been changing and that has not been favorable for our performance in the region.
Matthew M. Walsh: I would say we certainly see it for the remainder of this fiscal year and probably into next fiscal year, Dave. That's about as far as we're looking. We're working on some things to improve our positioning in the supply chain, but I think it's something that we'll see certainly for the rest of this fiscal year and then into next.
Matthew M. Walsh: Yeah. So, first of all, they were very aggressive in creating a biologics-focused business and currently today, I'll say that they are already doing a commercial product there on the drug products side. They have six already up and running in a very robust funnel and with the capacity they've installed, which is I think being utilized in about 40%, we envisioned being able to get up to basically about $300 million of revenues without substantial new CapEx investment with the funnel and the CapEx that they have already invested, they will require about $8 million to $10 million of annual maintenance CapEx, but as we look at their funnel and the potential on the drug product and drug substance side, we'll be looking at their CapEx requests in business cases and putting up those up against the rest of the company and we do see over our strat plan period that we will be continuing to be disproportionately investing our growth CapEx on that front. So, we got a long runway, I would say, in terms of both pipeline, expanded access to the market with our business development team, the CapEx being installed to really get to some pretty significant number, pretty much doubling their current revenues and then there is the opportunity for additional CapEx investment. It's a huge facility of which literally half of it is currently not built out. So, it's going to give us a runway for a very long time and it's going to be unique asset from its standpoint that you're going to be able have such a large amount of activity under a single roof, which as you know in Catalent, we do have a 35 different sites, whereas this site is going to end up being really a marquee site that will again be able to contribute significantly to the company over a long period of time.
Matthew M. Walsh: This is a good question, Juan. It's something that we're taking under advisement. We're not going to be making a statement on our long-term outlook today, but we are looking at it. We've got our normal annual cycle of strategic planning coming up here within the next couple of months. We also have to process the impact of the new revenue guidance, which we are required to adopt as of our FY 2019 fiscal year. We have to factor that into the equation as well and that's underway. So, we will be looking at it carefully for next quarter Q2 or Q3 communication.
Matthew M. Walsh: Okay. We continue to see margin accretion potential in the business. That comes from a combination of mix, but also operating leverage over the assets. So, very quickly by segment, Softgel, we generally would perceive that to be steady in terms of its margins. The addition of Accucaps is, just given the nature of their products fleet, modestly dilutive to the segment margins, but through operating leverage and other Lean Six Sigma activities we can undertake in the segment, we see Softgel basically holding steady. The CSS business stands some of the best potential actually for margin accretion, it comes back to what I was saying about the revenue recognition standard that we have to adopt as of July 1 of FY 2019 and how we'd account for comparator sourcing revenue may be changing. Right now, we have to account for that on a gross basis. We have to gross up those sales and there is the potential as we move to the new rev rec standard that we would actually then record those on a net basis. And that would be a significant margin enhancer in terms of EBITDA margin in the CSS business. In the DDS segment, there is also a very attractive margin-enhancing opportunities here, mainly because of the shift in biologics, but also just the growth of our oral solids business, specifically in a controlled release area and some potential that we have for new avenues for the Zydis technology. So, we continue to believe that the business can margin up 200 basis points to 300 basis points over the term of any strat plan that we do. And that's sort of how we think about margin expansion available to us.
Matthew M. Walsh: So, what we're experiencing with the supply chain in China is broadly experienced across the pharma space. So, it's not just Catalent that is seeing that, but in terms of our particular customer slate in Asia Pacific and that part of the volume decline, I would say that's really just Catalent.
Matthew M. Walsh: So, we had communicated at the beginning of the year that that we were targeting free cash flow in the range of 65% to 75% of adjusted net income. And while that would be expected to go up with the addition of Cook, we're not changing the outlook because of the CapEx that we're likely to continue to invest in the Cook side.
Matthew M. Walsh: So, there are other acquisition targets in the biologics CDMO space. I would say that we're certainly open to that kind of growth in the future. We're obviously aggressively growing organically and there may be opportunities that present themselves. So, we're certainly not taking ourselves out of contention for growth through merger and acquisition activity. I think it will be a while, though, before we see a deal that presents the same kind of attractive return profile that the Cook Pharmica acquisition did.
Matthew M. Walsh: Well, so, in the Accucaps business, they had seen very strong performance on a volume basis across the board, but they've also seen favorable mix to some of the generic products that they manufacture, better than we were expecting.
Matthew M. Walsh: Matt, with respect to the Cook piece of it, we've got a forecast in for the business for the remainder of the year that we have a high degree of confidence that they will hit that forecast.
Matthew M. Walsh: So, I would caveat my answer to that question, Kevin, by saying that things are still moving quite a bit. And even the things that have been communicated still require a significant amount of definition around them, so that we can do our detailed calculations to really give a precise answer to that question. But at a high level, we've run some numbers based on what we think we know. And our reading of this says that this will be a net neutral, maybe modestly positive development for Catalent in the way the House bill is currently being described.
Matthew M. Walsh: We're really just looking at the net impact of the lower tax rate, the loss of depreciation deduction and probably most of our interest expense deductions, but that being offset by a median expensing of CapEx and it's really those things that will be the drivers for Catalent in terms of where our rate will ultimately go. The import/export components of the plan are pretty ill-defined right now. That's an area that requires a lot more specificity before we can accurately predict what the impact will be.
Matthew M. Walsh: That number tends to be swung by non-cash unrealized foreign currency translation impacts, both on intercompany debt and also on the euro component of our long-term external debt
