Tom Castellano: Sure. So good question, Tejas. Related to the guidance. I think your assumptions related to both the timing of the revenue recognition item as well as the hurricane are not impactful in terms of the full year guidance. Both of those we view as timing related. The macroeconomic backdrop and the worsening conditions we're seeing there are much more of the driver here of the call down. I would say as we look at consumer confidence and discretionary spend and the impacts we're seeing there related to our Consumer Health business. I would say that's probably 25% to 35% of the call down related to those items. I would say that the cash-sensitive decisions that we're seeing from some of our customers is not only related to biologic-related customers. We're seeing that on the pharma and consumer health side as well, especially, as it pertains to levels of safety stock inventory that customers are willing to hold at this point in time if they take what we view as a more cash preservation approach to managing their overall supply chain as well as how they're thinking about the prioritization of some of the candidates that they have in their pipeline as well as the timing of the progression of those. So those are I would say the larger factors that we continue to see here. Your comments also around metrics. That is the -- that acquisition did close in October. That is included in our guidance now as well as the further strengthening of the US dollars that we're seeing here. Those two things I would say nearly offset, maybe not quite exactly but they are directionally in the same approach. And the macroeconomic landscape obviously is just given us a much more conservative orientation to look at the remainder of the fiscal year. 
Tom Castellano: And I'll just add Tejas in the near-term really the only two CapEx projects that we have that I would say would have an impact on our fiscal 2023 year the decision to delay both related to Oxford and Princeton. Those are now expected to come online during fiscal 2024 and contribute revenue in that period versus in the current fiscal year.
Tom Castellano: Yes, Sean. I would say this is not just the dynamic we're seeing in Europe. We're seeing it across both I would say our European and US-based customers. I did say that this is a dynamic that is crossing both our Pharma and Consumer Health and Biologics segments. I would say on the Pharma and Consumer Health side, it's more related to commercial products and consumer health products. And I think it's really driven by cash decisions. I believe that our customers are making in terms of how they're managing their supply chain. And it's not just tied to smaller customers either. I mean I think our approach as a large company, in terms of looking at things from a more conservative cash flow position is exactly what we're seeing from some of our customers do as well as they look to manage working capital and supply chain in this macroeconomic backdrop. So, much more across the board, both large and small customers, and also across biologics and the Pharma and Consumer Health. The only other thing I'll add is related to the examination of the pipeline and progression of their pipeline and some of the slowdown we're seeing there, that's more attributable to the biologics side of the business. But again, I wouldn't say, it's only tied to smaller customers. We're seeing some larger customers that may not be in Phase 3, but in more earlier, Phase 1 and Phase 2 programs, just looking to slow play them as they navigate through the macroeconomic environment.
Tom Castellano: There's been no change I would say with regards to the assumptions around those tech transfer programs. They continue to be a meaningful contributor to us in the fiscal year. There are several of those that will be ramping on through the fiscal year here. So, we're not going to quantify those Sean, in terms of what their contributions. We don't talk about individual customers or products. And so, I would just say that that continues to be a driver of improved capacity utilization as well as revenue growth as we get into the second half of the year.
Tom Castellano: Sure Dave. So I would say, the derisking approach we've taken, and the more conservative approach we've taken to guidance here, really spans both PCH as well as our Biologics segment. I wouldn't necessarily say, it's overly weighted towards the PCH side of the segment, I think where we're seeing the bulk of the impact to PCH is related to the consumer confidence, discretionary spend, given the macroeconomic inflationary environment that we're seeing that has a more immediate impact, particularly on the pharma – sorry, on the consumer health side of the business, the gummies business but also just – I would say the softgel business associated with OTC and consumer products. I mentioned in my earlier responses, I think it was Tejas, about 25% to 35%, I would say of the revenue call down was related to that consumer confidence or consumer spend dynamic that again is more impactful around the PCH side of the segment. But the remainder though is really just in terms of positioning of our customers across both large biologics side as well as the PCH side, and their cash-sensitive decisions and just slow down in overall pace around new programs that we're seeing again on the PCH and biologics side. So its part of that is on the PCH side again that in addition to the consumer spend gets you to probably, a little less than half of the impact being on the PCH side of the business and the rest of it being on the large molecule side.
Tom Castellano: I would say, it doesn't change materially, Dave. And we have said that, the tech transfer programs are going to be meaningful contributors in the second half growth in part of the second quarter, but into the second half growth as they really start to ramp. We have said that, those are drug products related and tied to our sterile fill finish assets on past quarters. The comments we made around the first quarter and some of the growth that we've seen on the gene therapy and cell therapy side is expected to continue. So that is a business that saw strong performance in the first quarter grow throughout the fiscal year as well.
Tom Castellano: Yes. No, good question Dave. And look I think, our margins are looking to be flat this current year in the new guidance in comparison to where they were in the prior year. The cost savings initiatives, that we have underway, that we've already started to take action, all of those will be operationalized by the end of the calendar year. So we'll be seeing full impact in the second half of the year related to those. I think the dynamics that we're seeing around the underutilization is certainly playing into the margin situation here in the quarter as is the material piece of the business when we think about the component sourcing side of things. The start-up costs related to Princeton and Oxford are ramping up also margin dilutive in the period. But the cost actions that we have underway, running the business in a much more efficient way, looking at things from a span and layer standpoint in terms of how we operationalize our large sites are meaningful cost savings actions that we have -- that we have the ability to utilize here and lever that we absolutely are pulling.
Tom Castellano: So look we're very pleased with the start we had fiscal 2021 here on a non-COVID basis. We mentioned on Alessandro's prepared remarks, as we mine that we saw more than 20% growth across the company on a non-COVID basis in the first quarter. Our guidance assumes, we continue to see growth around those levels. We haven't disclosed what the split out will be between the pharma and consumer health side of the business versus that of the biologics side of the business, but many of the growth drivers we have do are related to modalities that were not impacted by COVID-related volumes. Just think about the cell and gene therapy strength that we saw in the first quarter. And that the expectation is that that continues here into the second half of the fiscal year. So again, we're just really looking at things to continue to trend on a non-COVID basis in line with what we saw in the first quarter in the more conservative view of our guidance that we presented today.
Tom Castellano: So, Derik, I would say, it's really very widespread. I mean, we're seeing it, as I mentioned, not only in the biologics side of the business, but on the pharma and consumer health side. We're seeing it across both commercial products, where customers are willing to appear to manage the supply chain to a more conservative level here and not run on the same levels of inventory here as they look to manage working capital. But I would say that the pace is more around some of the development programs that we have now Phase 3 programs that are full blown into clinical trial activity are not the types of programs that we're talking about here. But we have plenty of programs across the network both on the Biologics and PCH side in development, but I would say in that Phase 2 range where we are seeing maybe some temporary expectations in terms of the pace in which customers are moving through there as they look to potentially manage their care situation. So, again, going back to comments I made earlier really across both pharma and consumer health and against the commercial products and development side of things. So just a more conservative approach to guidance from our standpoint is necessary based on some of these trends we're seeing across the customer base.
Tom Castellano: Sure. So the slide in the deck has a good view of the capital structure Derik for you to take a look at I would say, about 25% of our debt when you take into consideration the debt that's been borrowed on the revolver to fund the metrics acquisition is floating and more tied to the rising interest rate environment with about 75% of that being considered fixed. So hopefully, that could be helpful, as you look to model this.
Tom Castellano: I would say there's been very little change to our assumptions around COVID, just given the contractual obligations that we have. Here much more of the call down was related to non-COVID business and the macroeconomic environment that we're in here, so, nothing else to note around the COVID side of things.
Tom Castellano: So just to take your comment Justin around the timing of COVID-related to the settlement. So there's no quarterly phasing here that I would read into the recognition related to this in terms of run rate. This was a settlement related to one customer. As you know there are two major customers in which we have COVID-related volumes for here. I will say the comments I made are that the COVID-related headwind that we see during fiscal 2023 is going to be more pronounced in the second quarter than it was in the first quarter. And I would say, it will be equally as pronounced in the third quarter. Our second and third quarters are the quarters in which we were most, where we're most expected to see COVID-related volume declines as we head through the fiscal year. In terms of the comment related to capacity utilization, I would say, as you look at the slide on the materials here on Slide 8, where we talk about new capacity that has come online or is in the process of coming online. Many of those are biologics-related assets. So the assumption that some of the underutilization and capacity that we're going to see in fiscal 2023, which we've alluded to before, given the timing of bringing on this new capacity as well as the ramping associated with starting to fill that is much more of a biologics dynamic than it is a pharma and consumer health dynamic.
Tom Castellano: So you can't look at the suites at BWI on a revenue basis. No programs are equal. There's a lot of things, I would say that factor into how you would look at the potential revenue here. I think your comments are spot on. We have had a commercially approved program. We have several programs that I would say are in later stage. I think you're probably referring to one specific. Look, I think that continues to be a meaningful customer for us. It assumes in our guidance in fiscal 2023, that it will continue to be. And it's difficult to comment on any specific customer or individual programs as well as the revenue I would say attached to it. But the progress of the pipeline that we have within gene therapy, the fact that we've been investing here to bring on additional suites, which will have 18 suites here as we get through fiscal 2023 up and running as well as 150 different development programs that we have on the gene therapy side of the business here. So a very robust pipeline that continues to mature.
Tom Castellano: So look I wouldn't say we've seen much in the way of cancellations in the current quarter here. That wasn't an impact of the results in first quarter. I would say we've seen a handful of cancellations as we think about the remainder of the fiscal year, but I wouldn't necessarily say it's any different than what we're seeing what we've seen historically. I would say though the overall progression of not things that are being canceled but just the pace in which customers are willing to move is where we're seeing the slowdown. So this isn’t programs that are at are being necessarily canceled, but certainly a slowdown and that slowdown both on the pharma and consumer health side as well as the biologics side was what was contemplated in the more conservative view of guidance.
Tom Castellano: So sure, Luke. I'll give you some directional color here. Look we haven't quantified the cell and gene therapy business in terms of its size, but I'll rank our revenue contributors biologics overall here and I would definitely dissect cell and gene therapy because they are very -- two very different businesses at different stages of maturity. Our drug product business around biologics is our largest revenue contributor here. But our gene therapy I would say is a close second to that in service of its contributions to the $2.5 billion of biologics revenue that we would have annually.  I would say from there it's our drug substance business and then our cell therapy and then you start getting into some smaller revenue contributions from plasma DNA IPSCs etcetera out here. So our gene therapy is the number two contributor to overall biologics revenue in terms of absolute dollars. It's the area where we're seeing fastest growth right now for sure and a big reason of why we saw the growth we did in the first quarter across the company of more than 20% on a non-COVID basis.  In terms of assumptions here, look we're not going to take an overly aggressive approach to regulatory approvals which are outside of our control and in many cases, in most cases outside of our customers' control as well. So, we're not assuming any significant impacts from commercial approval down the road here that factors into us being able to achieve our guidance especially a guidance that's been built now with a much more conservative orientation than what we have previously had discussed. 
Alessandro Maselli: Yes, sure. Look on the first question, I would say that what we provided in the prepared remarks is pretty comprehensive in terms of describing the status there. So, I was for sure adding any more color to that because I believe that it's pretty comprehensive for sure there are -- we continue to keep a fully transparent approach with our customers and sharing with them updates. But at this point in time, as we said we are confident that our responses are addressing the observation as expected. With regards to your question on CapEx, that's a very good question. Look, the reality when you go to slide eight of our presentation that slide that really illustrates what we have already done and what we have in flight. As you will recall in one of the composition you and I had a few weeks ago, I did tell you that we were in the mode of making sure that we had excess capacity across the board to make sure that there was never the concern of not having enough capacity. I believe given the current macroeconomic environment, we decided that the capacity our assessment is the capacity that we have is more than enough for the runway that we have in front of us for the next several quarters and there will be plenty of time as we replace the CapEx more in fiscal 2024 to be in the same very position to continue to drive long-term growth. So, that is really not affecting our long-term outlook here. 
Alessandro Maselli: Yes. And I would add, look, when you look at the drivers that give us conviction about the non-COVID growth, pointing to this tax asset, but also gene therapy, which was a strong contributor to our performance in Q1. And we continue to see -- to have a good visibility into the trends in these areas of the business. So, the visibility on these assets to continue to perform is good.
Alessandro Maselli: So look, Alessandro here. I would tell you that, we need to clearly hear is very, very important that we make evaluations on an all-in basis on a non-COVID basis, clearly, because biologics is surely the segment that is most impacted by the COVID volume reduction, as you all know and particularly the field and finish side of the business. I will tell you though that, across all the modalities when you look at them and the prospects of growth ex-COVID on all of them we are pretty excited about the dynamic there even after our more conservative approach to guidance, which is reflecting some macro factors, which led us to be having a more conservative orientation here. But even with that conservative orientation we feel very, very excited about the opportunities we see in gene therapy, the expected tipping point for other and also in the tech answer. So in biologics it's – on an escalated basis, we continue to be excited. 
Alessandro Maselli: Well, sure. Look, I wouldn't call necessarily these cuts in our spend. As we said, that this is a rephrasing, this is a different timing in which we're going to bring online this capacity. And clearly, our job as the CDMOs is always to keep our utilization rates at reasonable levels to continue to drive margin and as such cash flow. So, this is a combination when you look at -- how much we have brought online which is on slide eight, which is a very exciting picture if you like. In terms of how much we have brought online, which is not habituated and how many levers we have to continue to drive growth in the industry in areas that continue to be very exciting from a pipeline standpoint. We feel pretty good about what we have already built. And looking into the future, given our more conservative approach to guidance, we thought it was prudent to slow down a little bit the additional capacity coming online, so that we could keep the level of absorption as expected, but also not to jeopardize the long-term growth prospects of the company. So this all results in a fiscally prudent approach, which I believe given the environment is the right thing to do.
Alessandro Maselli: No. Look, Alessandro here. Look, as we said multiple times, most of the non-COVID work is executed on assets which are unrelated to the COVID execution. So the two things that don't tend to interfere with each other. As we have said even the settlement we reached into the quarter was something that was somewhat planned for. And so given our approach that we shared multiple times that our approach is holistic and looking at the partnership with important customers which have much more than just COVID relationship with us. So I wouldn't say that this has had any interference with our ability to execute on the non-COVID work. And look, I always go back to the point that in our Q1, we were able to deliver a non-COVID growth of 20% plus which is a remarkable performance.
Alessandro Maselli: Well, there are some areas where we continue to be a little bit capacity constrained when you look at the demand. So I would say that overall backlog in terms of demand that we need to still treat out has not change dramatically in terms of the picture. There are maybe some areas of the business where we are seeing even more success than what we anticipated in terms of demand like, I named Zydis as one notable item in our business, where we are trying to build additional capacity at speed. But I would say overall, the backlog situation has not changed dramatically.
Alessandro Maselli: So I just would add a more helicopter view. We believe that our BWI asset within suite will be one of the largest if not the largest viral vector factoring assets out there. And that clearly is going to be a meaningful contributor of our growth story in the next few years given also the strength of the pipeline that we're seeing with the customers progressing to late stage and potential approval.
Alessandro Maselli: Yeah, sure. Look I do believe that we have been successful in levering the price as appropriate. Clearly it's not a one size fits all around the different offerings. There are different market positions. Clearly on your more commercial business where you have long-standing contracts and there are mechanisms and relationships and so forth. It tends to be more easier and more aggressive stand on the other places where you are competing to win business you really need to be careful around where the market is going. But we have a very good pulse of what are the areas of opportunities and we are doing everything we can on every other opportunity there to make sure that we offset as much as we can at the inflationary pressure that we are seeing.
Alessandro Maselli: Yeah. Look I would call it more selectivity. Selectivity on both side, outside, the customer side in terms of understanding how we're going to progress the business going forward given the cash situation.
Alessandro Maselli: Well look I would refer to Tom more on the specifics. I can tell you that you don't have to look at these only on the market event standpoint, right? There are at times a full compounding effects of one is the end market and the other one is the stock levels. And there are temporary demand -- our demand is the combination of the entity mark and how much inventory our customers want to carry about each individual offering.  And clearly when there is more uncertainty and surely the orientation towards the end market demand that tends to be a little bit lower than is surely in a capital tight market as we are running today there is more a conservative approach, how much inventory you want to carry. So these are -- the inventory piece is a temporary effect that tends to balance off in a few months period because at some point once the destocking has happened you really serving the end market demand. But I believe these are the two effects that compounded probably explain better the dynamic around your question. 
Alessandro Maselli: Maybe I add just one comment in terms of adding additional color to the dynamics here. You need to think about the potential commercial approval not only is a dynamic to serve the commercial approval, but there is also a dynamic that precedes that is a more launch stock build-out which you do normally for sizable approvals on which we have a little bit more confidence around what the impact could be. 
Alessandro Maselli: So with that said, I would like to wrap up the call. I guess we are done with questions. So thanks everyone for taking the time today to join our call and for your continued support of covering. Thank you everybody. 
