John Chiminski: Yes. Dan look as you said it's certainly not a perfect calculation and we won't separate the data. As you know, the impact of each segment is different. We certainly have seen a driver, a primary driver for growth within our biologics segment to clear the growth of over 113% in the segments and I'll get to our guidance here in terms of the range of net COVID impacts, we expect for the year which might be helpful in terms of seeing through the non-COVID growth across the year but within the quarter, we won't give that that out. Certainly it was a negative impacts given the consumer health and sort of muted launch for our products as well. And then for -- some impact on the dynamics and some of our consumer related products, as we alluded to during the prepared commentary as well as some of our precision products as well. So we won't break it out on the quarter and as you said the primary driver was COVID-19. But as you can imagine, with us raising our guidance, and having a range of growth from 25% to 28% of the year, it's 16 to 18 points of that from COVID-19. This translates to solid growth across the company and as well as obviously, for biologic now this quarter was over 50% of our revenues.
John Chiminski: I would just add clearly across all biologics segments we have a number of offerings coming from cell and gene development and drug substance. And then when you go into drug product, we also have the capability and capacity to fill vail, syringes across a number of different locations as well and then your biomedical services. And as you heard from multiple commentary, we've seen really solid growth across all of the offerings within our biologics business cell and gene therapy, if I might add. So I think when you think about capacity, where we're essentially expanding across virtually every one of our operating locations within biologics, you have to think about different formats that we have as well. So for example, in syringes where we announced the early 2019, extension of what vials and syringes are state of the art capacity for clinical syringe across the company, within all biologics to continue to meet customer demands in addition to the vial lines we are publicly announced that we're having across the network as well to continue to meet customer demands not only for COVID-19 but the non-COVID related work as well.
John Chiminski: Yes. Sure. So certainly, we're not going to be providing any guidance with regards to fiscal 22. But I will reemphasize what you've already said which is we do see the ongoing need for vaccine production actually going into calendar year 22. Certainly there is billions of people that need to be vaccinated. There's the spectra for booster shots. There is also the need to address the variance. So I would just consider that the capacity that we've built and the partnerships that we have with regards to vaccine production are likely to continue on into the future at some level.
John Chiminski: Yes. I really don't want to provide any additional specifics other than what we've already announced publicly with regards to any relationships that we have with the vaccine manufacturers. But then I'll just again, refer to my previous comments. Obviously we expect that we're going to be entering into a phase where there's going to be some level of continuing vaccine requirement we work to contract with our customers in the appropriate way and we'll continue to do that.
John Chiminski: Yes. So technologists see that certainly we put a priority on our organic investments and again, I'm very pleased to say that COVID not only accelerated our strategic plans, but really accelerated the returns on strategic investments that we've made. And we're going to continue to prioritize organic investments, which obviously means CapEx deploying, and that's clearly detailed out in this call here today. Also state that Catalent continues to be very active from an overall M&A standpoint and if we can identify assets that will accelerate our strategic plans, both in terms of geography and capacity that will we will continue to do that.
John Chiminski: Sure. Thanks for the question, Jacob. I see that when we take a look at our CSS business, although it's relatively small compared to our other business segments we really see it as a strategic asset that we can leverage across our other business units and clearly one of those areas is in the gene and cell therapy area where access to that cold chain really makes it a significant enabler for our customers in the gene and cell therapy area itself. I would without putting specific numbers on it I would just agree that the strategic nature of the investments that we're making in CSS, in the cold storage area in aligning it with other business units specifically in cell and gene therapy area, really, I would say it's a positive synergy for the company.
John Chiminski: Well, thanks for the question Jacob. I think first of all, I think it was a very interesting move with regards to thermo, acquiring PPD. And I would just make the comment that it really shows the overall importance of the pharmaceutical services industry for pharma and emerging pharma.
John Chiminski: Yes. So certainly, we're not going to be, we provided long term guidance upgrading only regionally and then we also talked about a $4.5 billion revenue goal our increased margins, and also the percent of biologics that we'll have, as part of the overall business. I'd say we're extremely pleased with the progress that we've made against that overall long term goal, and that we're going to continue to monitor the performance of the company with regards to our strategic plans and what we see for the future. But there's nothing going to happen with regards to short or long term guidance, as of now.
John Chiminski: Well, first of all, I would just say that you're right. This is an extremely fast growing space. Second, in the prepared remarks, we noted the fact that we've completed the 10 suites. We've got an additional five suites with the capability for even additional suite. So this is an area that we continue to work at room an overall strategic standpoint to build out that capacity and clearly, we have our sights on being the leader from a CDMO standpoint, from an overall gene and cell therapy space. But we've many times pointed out the imbalance between the overall supply and demand in this specific space. We've talked about the overall outsourcing rate, which is extremely high in the gene therapy area, specifically given the dynamics of potentially curable therapies combined with many small companies not being able to devote the resources necessary to build the overall infrastructure. And we actually see the outsourcing rate increasing from where it is today. So certainly the aggressive approach that Catalent has taken towards building out capacity in gene and cell therapy area is going to continue to get. I'll just refer you to the remarks that we had here with the 10 suites going with an additional 5 and the capability to do more. So we're going to continue to monitor the expansion of the space the overall demand and what Catalent does is we work to put capacity in plates ahead of demand and pipeline that we've seen.
John Chiminski: Yes Dave, thanks for that. What we're seeing here is that you're quite right. Among the vaccines that have been approved across the U.S. and across Europe they're all under emergency use authorization. What we're saying is that depending on the terms of the contract, which is the elements in terms of how they get classified, you could have elements in both commercial as well as development.
John Chiminski: Yes. Look the cell and gene therapy business is a key part of that offline within our biologics segment. We haven't broken that out as it is part of the organic picture. Honestly, we work with a broad spectrum of customers across Catalent including our biologics offerings, and within our cell and gene therapy offerings. And so, we don't necessarily give a big -- look like other than to say that it is across a broad spectrum. But if you look at the pipeline of cell and gene therapy there is a number of cap biotechs that are driving the innovation, and then we partner with in terms of the work that we do across the business. We won't be the breakdown on what the second half look like versus any other point in time in the business other than to say the overall secular trends continue and the pipeline continues to expand. If you look across gene therapy with 600 active assets going to 1,600 by 2026 and then on cell therapy side as well, even more assets in the pipeline expected to grow accordingly. So no specific in terms of the profile of the customer and it's a fairly broad section that we work with across biologics.
John Chiminski: Yes. So first of all I would just say that we certainly see extremely strong growth rates in biologics period in the double digit growth range. From a just relative size standpoint, I would say our drug product is the most significant of our biologics revenues with drugs substance being a smaller component but obviously incredibly important. I think we've been very clear that we're focused on that sub-5,000 liter segment where today we're a relatively small but important player. I would say that we continue to look for good assets both in U.S. and Western Europe with regards to drug products and drug substance. We certainly created a strong foothold now from a drug product standpoint in the Anagni facility that we purchased from BMS, but we certainly have our eyes set on also growing in sub- 5000 liter area in our existing assets as well as finding the right asset in Europe from an overall drug substance standpoint again, focus on that sub-5000 liter but all the areas that we've mentioned between our biotherapeutics our cell and gene therapy, the fact that we've entered into the plasmid DNA space, I think we were really building out a very strong overall biologics platform for the company that is now as we've stated in the prepared remarks, exceeding 50% of the overall company's revenues.
John Chiminski: Yes. I didn't want, I can't answer that very specific question. I would just say that Catalent is in dialogues with many of the vaccine manufacturers to provide support on either a drug product or drug substance standpoint.
John Chiminski: Yes. I would just say, clearly from a Catalent standpoint our goal is to have contracted volumes now and into the future. So we're regularly working with customers. I will also note that capacity in specifically in a drug product area has been very-very tight throughout the entire pandemic. So that put Catalent in an overall hold position if you will. And in the final comment I'll make is that we do see production needs for vaccines beyond calendar year 2021. And it's certainly there is going to be some rules play with regards to booster shots and variants. So there will likely be some level of continued vaccine manufacturer.
John Chiminski: Yes. What I would say is that, from their overall supply chain standpoint, certainly the pandemic has stressed the overall supply chain across the industry and I'm proud to say that Catalent was extremely proactive in the early time of pandemic in terms of actually placing demands all the way throughout calendar year 2020 back when the pandemic hits where we're able to stress the supply chain and understand what the overall availability is and then we continue that an overall rolling basis. To-date we've been able to manage any supply chain constraints but it continues to be something that we monitor and are going after proactively.
John Chiminski: We just think in the comments that obviously, billions of doses are going to needed to really make a dent in the overall world population from a vaccine standpoint. Catalent certainly has some very important assets from a drug product standpoint that have been used in the fight against COVID. And I would just expect that we would continue to play with the partners that we have in some way.
John Chiminski: Look as you said, we are at the more elevated level CapEx as a percentage of our net revenues. Historically, we've operated in the high single digits. We expect long term to migrate towards that level to the extent that we remain and as we go, the levels for a longer period of time is going to be driven by demand from our customers, including the scaling of pipeline that we have as those go from development to commercial, and continue to evaluate those and make sure that the returns to the business cases are appropriate as we always do in the business. I wouldn't say that there is necessarily a sort of structural element in the business that had changed that would mandate a higher maintaining higher level of capital as a percent of our revenues in order to achieve our long term growth rates. I would say that across the business, depending on which segment and what areas that you're looking at some of the inorganic moves that we've made, for example, also bring capabilities to the company that necessitate scaling of those businesses and therefore, you see that impact from an organic perspective. So that's really a follow on to the inorganic, if you follow, and some of that dynamic is that you've seen playing out now and as we look further out we'll continue to evaluate the demand from our customers to determine where we deploy capital all at the same time while being mindful of returns.
John Chiminski: Yes. We just see the first of all, and we do see extremely strong demand in the space where demand is going to outstrip supply. We really like adding organic capacity through the assets that we have in the overall Baltimore area to get over for -- prepared remarks with regards to the 10 suites that we brought online which I believe at the time of the acquisition we had one suite up and running with the second suite coming online. We've now built that out to 10 suites. We announced an additional five suites with a capacity for more. So we love having, I would say that concentration of capability both in terms of people and capacity there. Certainly if high quality assets would be considered self available we continue to consider those. But we really do like the path that we're on right now. And not only until we put cell and gene therapy, we love accelerating the returns on organic investments.
John Chiminski: Thanks, operator and thanks, everyone for your questions and for taking the time to join our call. I'd like to close by highlighting a few key points we covered today. First, we're encouraged by our strong results in the third quarter. The 35% organic net revenue growth and 44% organic adjusted EBIT growth showed the success of our strategy and the continued strength of the business enhanced by COVID-19 related demand. We've expanded our biologics business at an unprecedented pace in order to help meet demand for both COVID and non-COVID products. We're proud of the acceleration of our capacity build out has played a key role in the fight against the COVID pandemic and we will continue to aggressively build capacity that will also position us for sustainable long term growth. The biologics segment continue to report exceptional growth in the third quarter, including more than doubling its revenue. The segment comprise more than half of our overall net revenue in the quarter compared to roughly 1/3 a year ago and continues to be the key growth driver for Catalent as we increase capacity, and invest in innovation. Finally, we couldn't be prouder of our 1000s of dedicated employees across the globe who have demonstrated our patient first culture, placing patients at the center of everything that we do. The importance of their tireless efforts to develop and supply products that help people live better and healthier lives is now more evident than ever before. We're grateful for their commitment to ensure the safe and reliable supply of more than 7000 products that we're responsible for delivering each year. Thank you.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. I will answer that one Dan and just say that we're not going to give any specifics with regards to our capacity. But I would just really point out two things. Number one is, our strategic plans really put us in a pool position as we entered COVID to have really coveted capacity online. And then obviously, we announced other capacity expansions and the best way to think about this is one, we were putting a very strong position to accelerate our strategic plans with the capacity expansions that we announced and then I would also say that COVID actually accelerated the returns that we have from these overall capacity expansions in that the company continues to look aggressively at putting in capacity where we see future demand from overall pipeline, as well as the likely continuation of COVID vaccine related work as it's becoming more and more clear that COVID vaccines for the billions of people around the world will still need to be manufactured along with boosters and the effects of potential variants. I would just say that our capacity plans really put us in a great position and will allow us to really continue our sustained long term growth.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes and I will just add that two things, one, we have made certain public announcements with press releases for certain of our programs that have been extended with our customers in terms of contract terms, are well into calendar 2022 and then the other point I'll make is this strategic relationships with a number of our customers that we're working with, have been elevated to a point where we work with them across a broad spectrum of pipeline products that they have, given the relationships that we previously had plus what we've done to this global response for this pandemic as well.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, I will take that first one of the question and see what John wants to add here. We certainly won't go into any specific customer contract. We have scores of COVID-19 programs that we've won with our customers, in addition to the 7,000 products we supply in the market, and the 1,200 development programs that we work with our customers on throughout the pipeline. Taking all that into consideration, certainly -- factored in the latest information across all of the products and services we work with our customers on to arrive at the guidance. So all of those have been factored in. But we won't specifically with the Johnson & Johnson one as I said. So with that, I will pass it to John for any additional comment.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, Tycho, look certainly the pandemic related impacts on the Softgel and oral technologies business have lasted longer than we expected and as we said, in prepared commentary, the performance of the third quarter was an improvement over the first two quarters and at the same time we are continuing to see really strong development activity in the pipeline with our customers across the segments. If you recall, the first two quarters were about 40% growth, year-on-year on development and then in this last quarter, 25%. And so please do that. We think long term this supports our confidence in the business and its ability to deliver between 3% and 5% long term but if you're going to this year we'll, take a look at the commercial and other development work that we've done with our customers to look at what that translates to a year on any given year. With CSS certainly pleased with the net new business ways as well as the performance in the quarter against really a very robust third quarter last year, and to close the 9%, we are very pleased with that and just as importantly, the backlog of new business wins on number -- the business needs also very strong. This is one of our six shorter cycle businesses. Although given the storage and distribution aspects can last if you want it to be years, of course, like clinical program business that has a shorter cycle compared to a longer cycle of businesses from sales to revenue. So that's an indicator that we like in the business as well.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. I would just add one quick comment. In Biologics work in general has been key elements here with respect to the need for cold storage and more specifically cell and gene therapy at ultra low temperatures given the supply chain handling is an added element here that's where the CSS is positioned to support customers’ needs.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. So I'll take that. Indeed, we have a number of occasions throughout the business and particularly across the biologics offerings. Those essentially are supported by pipeline products that we’ve with our customers demand, both for COVID and non-COVID acceleration of certain capital that as we look at our strategic plans, we will be adding anyway. Not all programs have fair elements associated with them to the extent they do they are reflected in the current year guidance that we've given that we've expressed throughout the year. We won't be pulled out in any way other than to say it's a combination of timing in terms of database and volumes that we actually produce across the business for four businesses. I would point out the majority of our contracts across the company and then we have 7,000 products that we supply for customers in addition to 1,200 development goals as you can imagine, the vast majority of them don't have these take-or-pay elements associated with them.
Wetteny Joseph: So I would just say that we've continue to work under rated order environment with regards to our Bloomington site, I think, which is seen the greatest amount of that work, if you will, which flows down from our overall customers. Certainly here through the first quarter of the calendar year and I would say, going into late spring and summer, we continue to manage capacity between rated orders and non-rated orders for other customers expect that to alleviate here in the coming weeks and months.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. I'll will take that. Look we are already pleased with the margin expansion in the business here year-over-year. I would say the primary driver margin and this is going to be level volume and throughput across utilization across the network, which you can see that translating to margins in the order of 33%. Having said that, certain vaccines versus based businesses which I said on prior calls we won't talk about any specific programs but the work that we do across vaccines are similar in terms of pricing and economics to lifetime work that we'd be putting on vaccines. And so I think really what you are looking at here is principally an element of the throughput position across the network that strengthens the margins that you see which are aligned with what we expect for the business long term albeit not necessarily in the area as we said in the press.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. We have just completed but fourth and fifth suite in Madison, as you know, part of the strategic pathway for businesses to become a commercial site in this capacity. We are not capable of handling products across the development pipeline and commercial but today, all of the activities in the site remain development stage programs, and John if you want to add anything to that.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. So Jack clearly, this is a fairly complex and integrated set of offerings that we have as well as capacity. As we said in the previous commentary that we look across operating segments with varying impacts from COVID-19. We won't dive into or delve into details on the growth versus the -- suffice it to say that we've taken into account not only the offsets within some of our businesses where COVID-19 is actually slow progress with respect to certain newer product launches and consumer health products and over the counter pain medications and so on to arrive at the net COVID-19 range that reviews. We did increase that. Obviously, we have previously during the year that we're saying out of the 25% to 28%, top line growth for the company between 16 and 18 points would be for net COVID-19. And loyalty points between those two ranges are necessarily correlated. So you can find anywhere within those level.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, I will just add, to consider here, beyond initial dosing as you reference the U.S. and then following the U.S. and Europe. The potential for boosters in those markets as the rest of the world receive vaccine is another element to consider in terms of how this might play out. Now, ultimately, we don't control the destination of the policy manufacturer on the orders and demands from our customers and they come in where those products end up falling in the market.
