John Chiminski: Yes. So Tejas, I'll take the first part of this before we get into the financial question that you asked early on. I'd say, first of all, on the customer response, it has been extremely positive with regards to Catalent acquiring Paragon. I've been in dialog or met with a majority of the top customers along with my team and I would say that we really got Paragon at a point where they needed to have a company, if you will, that would be able to continue to, I would say, invest in their growth as well as bring in the processes necessary for the strong growth that they had. So it's been received very well by Paragon and our Catalent's customers as well as by the overall team. In fact, we've had, I guess near 100% retention of all of the team and have all of them under retention agreements. So we're very happy about that. With regards to, I would say the robustness of the business. I mean, today they have probably 30 to 40 early-stage programs with customers and that's growing almost on a weekly basis. And Paragon has an incredible reputation, and quite frankly, the business development activities results mostly from picking up the phone from referrals or knowledge of Paragon and their capability. And from those, I would say 30 to 40 early-stage programs, we also have probably about another I guess 100 programs that are being run by -- 30 to 40 customers with about 100 programs if you will, being run through Paragon. We do have several large customers there, but I would say that across all of Catalent, I mean in an individual site we may have some customer concentration. But in terms of the robustness of the funnel that we have there, cause no concerning, again they are growing by leaps and bounds. And with that, I'll turn it over to Wetteny with regards to any commentary with regards to their performance in the stub period.
John Chiminski: Sure. So with regards to spray drying, I would say that our Oral Drug Delivery team has done a tremendous job of building out a strategy that they have brought in early development capabilities through the acquisition of Pharmatek, Nottingham and we also repositioned or Somerset site and we have, I would say, a majority within Catalent of spray drying molecules that are available, they are being developed. It's a large slate and maybe not a majority, I would say, maybe 30%, 40% of the molecules that are out there, Catalent has them in early development. So we really needed to build out commercial spray drying capability and because of the need of our customers, the team had a terrific strategy, which was -- we knew that the build out in Winchester was going to take a couple of years. So we needed to have a little instant-on capability, which was the strategy behind bringing, doing the partnership with Sanofi to be able to take their facilities and capabilities to have that instant-on capability for the large suite of spray dried molecules that we have within the Company and as a matter of fact, as we already noted in the -- in our prepared comments that we've already signed our first spray drying activity in Haverhill. So, we see this as just another great capability that we built within Catalent to make sure that we have a full suite of offerings. Spray drying is a one of several techniques used for solubility and bioavailability, and it was an area where we were under-developed and now through what we built out in our early development capabilities with Pharmatek and Nottingham, the former Juniper site, now we have the ability to take those products commercial. So again, I've always talked about the fact that we have probably our best robust pipeline within ODD. It follows a strong strategy. So we feel terrific about that. With regards to Anagni, again this is a really strategic -- a site acquisition, if you will, that we're doing with BMS. It's going to provide us capabilities within Europe that we really don't have now. It's really a fantastic site. It's going to give us capabilities from Biologics to Oral Drug Delivery packaging and that's going to close at the end of the year, and I'll just also note that we also have within our purchase agreement from BMS that we'll be manufacturing -- continuing the manufacturing of their product within the site and we are not providing additional financial input with regards to what we have. All I would say is that we clearly have the assumptions of Anagni baked into our fiscal year 2020 guidance.
John Chiminski: So, Ricky, after we announced the Paragon acquisition, we took our organic growth -- long-term growth expectations from 4% to 6% to 6% to 8%, that's with Paragon. And sitting here, as we've just issued our guidance for fiscal '20, we're very pleased that we can see line of sight growing at those ranges and above them from an EBITDA perspective in our base business, which largely excludes Paragon, as 3.5 quarters of Paragon would be inorganic in the year. So as we've done in the past, we will continue to look at our long-range strategic plans and provide long-term guidance. And we would only give you guidance on a year-by-year basis, as we enter the year, given our visibility into the long cycle portion of our businesses, that are tied to commercial supply agreements with our customers as well as our visibility, quite frankly, within the shorter cycle parts of the business that are increasingly exposed to faster growing end the markets in biologics and gene therapy, which afford us the ability to be able to put the guidance that we put out today. But we will do so on a year-by-year basis, unless we see a change in our long-term guidance which we recently did at the time we announced the Paragon acquisition.
John Chiminski: Yes, I'd just say, just one way to answer your question, for the main business that we do in medicine, the drug substance manufacturing that there is no trend to build in-house capability, certainly not for the small and mid-sized customers that are a large part of what we're doing there. And again, as Wetteny said this was a unique situation that was already, at the beginning, predetermine that they were building capacity and would exit this very determinants of the contract.
John Chiminski: Yes. So, look, the expansion continues to be executed in line with our expectations. It clearly have reflected in the guidance that we gave, which we broke out into a separate bracket here in terms of what we expect from a Paragon business, we will continue to execute and focus on the integration of the business and what I would say is that the two initial suites are up and running in facility and we continue to work on next, which we said will be completed late in the calendar year and proceed from there.
John Chiminski: So look, our long-term view on the business remains consistent. This is a business we would continue to see delivering into the teens from a top line growth perspective. What I indicated is that in both the third quarter and the fourth quarter, if you look at our drug substance and our biologics drug product, not all drug products, so some drug product is small molecule. But if you look at the biologics drug product and drug substance, we continue to see low double-digit growth. That's a combination of a mix between drug products growing well into the teens and drug substance being a bit below that, as we compare it and we said in the third quarter to some timing with respect to -- with the prior year. Now one thing I would remind you of is, in this business, we still have a fair amount of clinical manufacturing operations. We announced recently that today that we now have a 21st commercial drug approval for Bloomington by way of example. Bloomington is still working with upwards of a 100 programs, and so that would tell you that the majority of the programs we're working with both on drug substance and drug [Phonetic] product are actually in the clinic. And the next important milestone evolution for our drug substance business in Madison is to get it a commercial scale. Until then, we continue to see clinical programs, which can ebb and flow in terms of when the larger or later phase programs you have batches run for them versus other time. So I think some level of variability across the business is something we would expect, albeit the long-term growth rates are, continue to be what we expect in the business, particularly if you look at it long-term from a CAGR perspective, but from quarter-to-quarter or half of a year to half a year, you may see this feature given that these are largely clinical-stage programs that we have.
John Chiminski: Yes so, first of all, I just have to make the comment again that the market for gene therapy work at Paragon is extremely robust. So they're winning and gaining new customers and new programs on a regular basis. And as we've talked about, we currently have two suites up and running and then we have our phase build-out through the rest of this calendar year and contemplated other build-outs. And all I would say is that we have fully contemplated within our capacity models for the build out those numbers into our guidance. Certainly getting more capacity faster is something that could improve things over time, but as I said, with the current plans that are meeting our expectations, we have that fully baked into our current guidance.
John Chiminski: So if you look across the business, our long cycle businesses that are supply and commercial products for our customers continue to have very strong visibility to influence where we guide for the year. We are seeing an increasing amount of revenue contribution from development services across the business. But those increases are coming from the ends of the markets that are growing the fastest, being the Biologics and gene therapy space. So that gives us a certain level of confidence as we enter the year in terms of where we guide you and we tend to guide externally to figures that internally we are certainly driving above those. So, we certainly have confidence through the midpoint of our guidance as we have in previous years, and I'll just reiterate, our visibility remains consistent across the loan cycle businesses with the growth on the development side coming from fast growing ends of the market.
John Chiminski: Juniper has been performing, I would say, slightly above our expectations since we made the acquisition in the first quarter of the fiscal year and so that certainly has remained strong throughout both with respect to, as we've described previously the CRINONE product that we supply in various markets as well as the development services that we perform for our customers for the development program. And so it's a very important strategic element of the business as we look to capture more molecules and feed them through the rest of our network. And I think in combination with the upcoming closing of the of the Anagni facility as well as feeding into the rest of our oral solids network, we're very pleased with the contribution of the business so far and its performance.
John Chiminski: Yes. So, Juan, looking at the Clinical business, we've certainly seen a slower burn to the backlog -- the healthy backlog we've built in this business. As I mentioned earlier, the business, the earliest piece to be executed when we contract the work with our customers is the comparator revenue. And so in past years, we would have seen that uptick earlier because comparator would have been shown on a gross basis, but now it's on a net basis. It's effectively shifted that timing by about a couple of quarters. And so, while it's been slower, we enjoy the EBITDA growth in the business which making double-digit EBITDA growth throughout the year, which we're very pleased with, as we utilize our capacity and we're seeing that uptick in the benefit of the comparative growth as well. It's just not -- it's just a bit muted at the top line. So while we would have liked to see the burn start earlier we understand why, and we are starting to see that as we sit here in the early part of FY '20, we are starting to see that burn of the backlog. And so we continue to be very pleased with the business and again long term, the dynamics in terms of clinical trials and our position with a global footprint to be able to manage and help our customers with their global clinical trials, we continue to be positioned well to have the growth expectations we have long-term.
John Chiminski: So, Juan, look, for fiscal '19 you can roughly estimate about a $30 million revenue contribution from Paragon. So that's not going to materially shift the number for '19 as you look at the total segment, you can see our assumptions from our fiscal '20 guidance perspective as well as what the contribution of Paragon is, I don't have the number right in front of me to quote you, but I think you can back into what that is with respect to the contribution, and I would just put Paragon into that core Biologics definition, if you will, as you do that math.
John Chiminski: Thanks, operator, and thanks everyone for your questions, for taking the time to join our call. I'd like to close by reminding you of a few important points. First, we're committed to delivering fiscal year '20 results consistent with our financial guidance and are focused on continuing to drive organic growth across our overall business. Second, we're determined to continue to grow our world-class Biologics business as demonstrated by the $200 million of CapEx being deployed to further build our capacity and capability in our Madison and Bloomington sites and our May acquisition of Paragon and look forward to continue strong revenue and high margin EBITDA growth from our Biologics offerings. Third, the continued successful and efficient integration of the Paragon business into the Catalent family is a top priority as we look to capitalize swiftly on our recent inorganic investments. We firmly believe the transaction enhances our Biologics offerings, accelerates long-term growth and will lead to increased shareholder return. Fourth, expanding the adjusted EBITDA margin of our business is a key focus area for the management team as we drive towards 200 basis points to 300 basis points of further expansion over the next three years. Last but certainly not least, operations, quality and regulatory excellence are at the heart of how we run our business and remain a constant focus and priority. We support every customer project with deep scientific expertise and a commitment to putting the patient first in all we do. Thank you.
Wetteny Joseph: Sure. Tejas, you're roughly right in terms of the contribution from Paragon in the -- roughly half of a quarter. I would say that that was slightly above our expectations and certainly are very pleased with the business out of the gates for us. You can see in our guidance, the inorganic portion that we are assuming in our guidance as far as the contribution from Paragon for the fiscal year, of course that's roughly 3.5 quarters worth with the other half falling in the base business bucket for us. The one thing I would add, in addition to having a number of programs we have and the customers we announced in the quarter, the addition of two facilities from Novovax, which bring us both capable staff as well as manufacturing lab space that we should be able to, in the future, attract even more programs to further diversify the slate of customers that we have in the business in the long-term.
Wetteny Joseph: We will, once we -- once we close the transaction, we will reflect them at that point. But as the guidance, we stated earlier, does not reflect contributions from Anagni. 
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. So, Ricky, this is Wetteny here. I would put this as a continuing trend as opposed to the beginning of one. Historically, we have not executed such transactions in terms of bringing on capacity coming out of large pharma. We carefully evaluated this one in the context that John described earlier, which is, when you look at our European presence and our footprint in combination with Juniper acquisition to be a fulsome CDMO starting with development capabilities through ability to launch oral solid pipelines in Europe, this is a bit of a gap that we had that this allows us to be able to close and have existing pipeline that end customer relationships over time we expect to take up the capacity utilization at that facility. In addition to what John mentioned, which is the contract we have with BMS, where we would be performing work for them at the facility. In addition, given our focused on continuing to grow our biologics in the fast growing end of the segment, we saw the opportunity to be able to leverage state-of-the-art capability and capacity at the facility for vial filling which we intend to utilize as well and continue the growth on in this very strong market here from a Biologics perspective. So it is a combination of those things that led us to execute on this transaction that we will be closing at the end of the calendar year. But I would describe this as just a continuation of what has been a trend in the overall space in terms of large pharma, taking out underutilized capacity and selling those.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. So I'll go first and then see if John love to add anything here. Just first of all, this was a customer that from the beginning of the relationship was building out their own capacity. This is -- differentiate us from the core of what we do in our Drug Substance business in that in our business, we develop cell lines generally starting with our proprietary GPEx technology. We then use those cell lines into the manufacturing of the drug substance or the biologic itself. So it start with a cell line. In fact, 70% of the -- approximately 70% of the drug substance we manufacture in our drug substance operations start with our cell line. This was not -- this is a non-cell line product. This is a patient specific production for a customer that is in the realm of messenger RNA loaded lipid nanoparticles, so it's not our core of what we do in the business and we fully expected this to be a fixed duration contract, again, knowing that the customer is building out their own capacity in this regard. So, when I look at the base of the business, we continue to see a market that is growing robustly. We continue to see a ramp up of our third manufacturing train, which we launched at the end of last fiscal year. And so I would say the market dynamics in combination with our capabilities and quality, we expect long-term to continue to see growth in this business and this particular instance is not an indication that we see of a trend in the business.
Wetteny Joseph: So what I would say, just go segment by segment without giving full guidance, as you know on a segment basis, just looking at the trend in the business. Our Softgel business in fiscal '18 had a number of transitory issues, which we're very -- exiting the year; we're pleased with where the business stands. We've said historically that this business grows again [Phonetic], 2% to 4% organically. As a reminder, we will be having the divestiture of the Australian facility in the segment and having largely mitigated the issue with respect to the ibuprofen supply as we exit the year. We like the trends that we're seeing in the business in addition to some recent product approvals on the prescription side which we believe will bode well for the business. So again, long-term, I'm just giving you some of the -- some of the recent trends. Long term, we expect the business to be in that 2% to 4% growth rate. Looking at our Biologics and Specialty, we just discuss the drug substance element with respect to the next few quarter's impact from this one contract. But when you look at the drug product and the underlying drug substance business in our core Biologics business, we continue to see low double-digit top line growth rate in the business. Again, the dynamics in the market are favorable and continue to point to a supply and demand imbalance favoring where we sit in terms of our capabilities and quality etc. So again, near-term impact from this contract, well excluding that, particularly on the drug product part of the business and to a lesser extent on drug substance, we continue to see tailwind. I think the specialty part of the business is not what we expect to grow at the levels of our core Biologics part of this segment. As we've said -- as we've stated previously, that's a business that we would expect to grow in the low-single digit range and we've seen some variability in that part of the business, partly due to timing of when we've done shutdowns and things of that nature in the business as well as the work we did in our blow fill seal segment last year that ebbed and flow the capacity in the site and therefore our comparables in the fiscal year '19 would reflect some level of variability in that part of the business as well. Moving to Oral Drug, really you see momentum in the business as we exit fiscal '19. As we've said, the development pipeline in this business is the strongest that we have. We're very pleased with the number of strategic moves that we've made here including the pipeline of spray dry dispersion late-stage programs that we have. We look to capitalize long term both with the Haverhill agreement as well as the organic investments we're making in our Winchester facility in the US. And so, again, in addition to development in our other [Phonetic] services, which had a strong quarter for us in the fourth quarter. So we would expect to continue the momentum in the business and again long term, this is a business that's in a mid-single-digit growth rate expectations that we have. And lastly, our Clinical business we've seen a bit of a longer time to burn revenue in this business. As a reminder, we did, from an ASC 606 versus 605 perspective, change the revenue recognition to a net basis, and what that has done is that is the fastest piece to start to burn from a backlog perspective and you don't see that in the overall numbers because it's shown on a net basis, but actually we've seen that uptick in our comparator. And we've seen that contribution from an EBITDA perspective in the business and we are starting to see the momentum on the revenue side, not in the fourth quarter as we sit here still early in the fiscal year from the uptick that we saw in fiscal 2019 in terms of net new business wins throughout the year. So again, this is a business we'd expect to be mid-to-high-single digit growth long term and I've just relayed the trends that we're seeing in the business right now.
Wetteny Joseph: So look, I would say, first and foremost, your math is roughly right in terms of where the business is and where we've said is long term, we expect the business to be into the mid-30s EBITDA margins. Look, as we continue to -- still early days in the integration of the business, we are very pleased with the contribution in a relatively short time frame in the quarter and you can clearly see what we're anticipating in the year given the contract that we have an elements of them that are capacity reservations as well as execution on batches. As we continue to get into years we'll provide guidance accordingly, but we'll cap it there.
Wetteny Joseph: We've said it's a low double-digit growth, if you just look at the core Biologics portion of the business, so you can roughly back into what the rest of the business is.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, sure. We did say that we expect 11% to 12% of net revenue in CapEx. This is a combination of our sort of organic investments in our biologics business, which we announced previously booked across drug product and drug substance in combination with Paragon, as well as others that we mentioned in terms of [Indecipherable] commercial capacity in the US and so on. So, we have said that we expect to see CapEx as a percentage of revenue increase over the next couple of years as we get through these roughly two-year programs across these more significant ones. And which we already started to see in as we exited this fiscal year 2019 with roughly 9% CapEx as we exited the year. So from a free cash flow conversion perspective, we expect between 30% and 45% conversion of adjusted net income to free cash flow given the uptick I've just described from a CapEx perspective, but we are looking to really capitalize on a strong market tailwinds, both in Biologics and gene therapy, given our position and our capability in the quality operations across those businesses.
Wetteny Joseph: So as we said in our prepared comments, we're seeing about a 150 basis point margin expansion in fiscal '20 if you assume the midpoint of our guidance. Mid to long-term, we've said we expect to deliver between an incremental 200 basis point to 300 basis point margin expansion over the next two to three years, which would be inclusive of FY '20. Clearly we're seeing nice uptick as we guide for '20, it's not linear in terms of what we've said previously and we continue to have those expectations.
Wetteny Joseph: Look, from a Paragon perspective I would first say that your rough math is about right. Here's what we've said previously, we expected the business to -- the business did in calendar year '18 roughly $100 million of revenue and calendar year '19 we said we were expecting that is to do $200 million of revenue. Clearly, that's ramping in the back half of calendar '19. I don't have the exact figure to quote you from a pro forma growth rate perspective, but clearly this is what I would put in bucket of hyper growth that we continue to see in this business. And again confirming that your rough math is roughly right, in terms of the contribution in total for the year and we've single out what the inorganic portion of that is.
Wetteny Joseph: Yeah. So this is a little bit of a bigger operation, but as we've said and if you look at that bracket, it's actually EBITDA margin accretive as we take out roughly $35 million of revenue with only about a $3 million EBITDA impact. So it's about a 10% number. So it will be EBITDA accretive and part of the 150 basis points margin expansion that we see in the year. So we continue to work diligently to transfer the products on the facility elsewhere in the network, but I would say compared to the other, which were substantially smaller in totality versus this one. The other ones, I think were roughly flat to slightly negative on EBITDA. This is roughly a $3 million, which is relatively modest EBITDA impacting, and again, EBITDA margin accretive.
