Wetteny Joseph: Sure, Tycho. As you know, we issue guidance on a consolidated basis for the company and not by segment. But the color I would provide for you is our oral drug business has, as we've said in the prepared commentary, one of the most robust pipelines that we have. Among the thousand development programs we have across the company, the Oral Drug Delivery segment has a great pipeline that should contribute to interesting growth in the business, I would say, in the near to midterm, including, as we talked about, spray dry dispersion, which is one of the areas of future growth for the business and for the segment where we have a number of late-stage development programs that we will look to capitalize on as those progress through late phases up to commercial approval. So, if you look at the business, we’re very excited about its future, given the pipeline that it has. Currently, in the near-term, as we discussed last quarter as well as this one, we have a few high margin products that have seen declining volumes, including one that was taken in-house by a customer, and that has had the near-term or short-term impact for the business, but we look forward to the mid to long-term returning to growth that is at the Catalent average, if you will, for the segment.
Wetteny Joseph: Ricky, we've communicated and are committed to delivering an additional 200 basis point to 300 basis point expansion to our EBITDA margins for the company in the next two to three years in addition to the 160 basis points that we have in our guidance for fiscal year 2019. As we look across the company, certainly, the Softgel business will be a contributor to that as we look to execute from a productivity and throughput perspective. Across the company, we've established the center of excellence to carry through and capitalize on best practices across the operating sites that we have within the Softgel business. So, we see that contributing to that overall margin expansion that we talked about for Catalent as a whole, in addition to the mix of Biologics in Catalent contributing to that as well as, lastly, the change in the revenue recognition or ASC 606 contributing to this year's 160 basis points expansion, about half of that coming from the comparator change. So, again, 160 basis points this year, another 200 basis points to 300 basis points beyond this year in the next two to three years coming from mix, Softgel contributing to that as well as other products of the company.
Wetteny Joseph: Sure. From a Softgel perspective, again, our guidance is on a companywide basis and not by segment, Ricky. But what I would say is when we look at the Softgel business, we see it in the 0 to 2% growth for fiscal year 2019. You can see some of the short-term impacts from ibuprofen as well as the divestitures we anniversary in the third quarter. So, for the first two quarters, the divestitures were each 2 percentage points off the top line for Softgel for each of the first and second quarter. That will become about a 1% for the full year for Softgel. So, we see that in the 0% to 2% range for the year. And then, from a Biologics perspective, we see the core Biologics business growing in the teens, with remainder of the segment, which Biologics is about 60% of the Biologics and Specialty segment, the specialty delivery elements about 40% of the business, which we see growing in the Catalent average of 4% to 6%. So, you can net that out to about 10% or so for the segment. That is what we would expect.
Wetteny Joseph: Sure. Our outlook for the year is between 65% and 75% of free cash flow as a percentage of our adjusted net income. You would have seen us deliver slightly north of that in the prior three years. The first half of the year, particularly the first quarter, tends to be a slower start as our EBITDA tends to be lighter in the first quarter and strongest in the fourth quarter. So, free cash flow generation tends to be a bit more back half sort of weighted, which is what we’re seeing this year. So we continue to guide to 65% to 75% of our adjusted net income for the year.
Wetteny Joseph: So, Juan, what I would say is we factored in the acquisition in the guidance that we prepared. If you recall, we closed on the acquisition prior to issuing guidance. Well, I would say, we’re pleased with the performance of the business. Certainly, the strategic intent here is to add to our Oral Drug Delivery, bringing more molecules into Catalent and having a center of excellence in Europe, which is effectively a theater of molecules that we work on in the development stages, in some cases preclinical, that would feed into the long-term growth of the Oral Drug business. So, so far, we’re very pleased with what the business is performing, contributing and the strategic intent here is to drive more molecules through Catalent. We haven't broken down any specifics in the end of guidance by segment. It is factored into the overall guidance that we issued.
Wetteny Joseph: So, the business, as I mentioned, is doing well, I would say, across both fronts. There is the development activity as far as working with our customers as their products are making it through the clinic. So, from preclinical through clinic and that continues to execute well for us. We’re very pleased with what the business is doing on that front. And slightly above, I would say, internal expectation. And then, there is a product that we partner with that we’re supplying for the market as well commercially that is also performing well for us. I wouldn't say anything fundamentally is changing with the business, but it is performing slightly above the internal expectations that we have.
John Chiminski: Sure. Our guidance fully reflects what we expect to receive at this stage from the perspective of ibuprofen. Our supplier is bring their facility back up and running, but that facility is expected to be taken back down. So, we have taken steps to secure supply from alternative providers, again, reflecting what we have here in the – for the balance of the year. But we do expect to continue to see some headwind associated with this, which continues to be a worldwide shortage for ibuprofen given the size of the supplier that’s involved here.
John Chiminski: Yeah. Thanks, John. So, we continue to look at all adjacencies, I would say, as potential inorganic growth opportunities for the company and we’ve continued to have, what we call, our bull’s eye chart where we look at where we’d like to strategically add adjacent businesses, and API continues to be something that we look at certainly in our oral drug – broadly speaking, our oral technologies, which includes Softgel and Oral Drug Delivery, there could be some interesting synergies there in terms of bringing in more molecules into the company. So, certainly, it’s an area of interest, but it always goes with understanding if you have something that really fits the profile of Catalent, is that commodity-based and would be somewhat specialized. Nothing currently on the table, but certainly, again, of interest to us, as are other adjacencies that we continue to look at. 
John Chiminski: Sure. So, we do not expect to go beyond our current 7% to 8% of revenue spend on CapEx, even with this large CapEx announcement. The way we do CapEx within the company is on a project by project basis that's approved for its returns and strategic nature. With regards to those two particular projects, those are really being feathered in when we see the capacity needs for both Madison and Bloomington. As we’ve stated, our third train, which just went live last April, in this fiscal year will probably exceed 50% of capacity utilization in its first year, so that fourth and fifth train, one will be necessary to make sure that we have the capacity for the pipeline for both our current and future customers; second, it’s really going to go put us in a position to have some commercial products at our Madison facility. We’re putting two 2 x 2000 single-use bioreactors in the fourth and fifth train. And, clearly, that's going to give us the capability for going commercial with some of these molecules that will require sub-5000 meter bioreactors. With regards to Bloomington, again, we've got a very robust pipeline there. I would say that we achieved a level of commercial products there that we really didn't fully anticipated at the time of the acquisition, going from 12 to 20. And we’re probably operating somewhere between 50% and 60% capacity utilization. And what we’re going to be doing is more or less doubling the capacity of Bloomington in the 2021, 2022 timeframe by putting in both syringe and high-speed vial line in some cartridge assembly. So, again, very robust pipeline there. A lot of approved commercial products and we just want to make sure that we continue to stay ahead of the capacity curve for the growth that we have both in Bloomington and Madison.
John Chiminski: Yeah. Ricky, I’ll dial in a little closer to your question with regards to Softgel. As we've talked about, Softgel’s historical growth rate has been about 2% to 4%. And quite frankly, outside of the ibuprofen shortage and dispositions of some assets in Asia, it would be performing in line with that historical growth rate. But in addition to that, you can see that we've really been – I would say, the business has performed despite those headwinds, in part due to, I would say, the aggressive productivity efforts that we have within the Softgel business and we have, in a strategic plan, an acceleration of productivity in the Softgel business over the next four years, already with contributions starting this year that will actually have Softgel as one of the contributors to this margin expansion that Wetteny just detailed.
John Chiminski: Really no commentary with regards to equity valuations, but I would just say is that the VC funding continues to be very strong and we continue to see, I would just say, robust demand. Most of the business that we do out of our Madison facility – actually all of this stuff we do out of our Madison facility is preclinical and clinical work for Biologics. And then, within Bloomington, we really have 20 commercial products, so those are ready off and running, but they also have a very large slate of, again, preclinical and clinical products there. So, I can’t really comment on equity valuations, but I can say the R&D spending continues to be strong and, again, it was in part the support for the $200 million in CapEx spend that we have across Madison and Bloomington.
John Chiminski: So, first of all, I’d say, I think I stated to an earlier question that we’re running somewhere between 50% and 60% of capacity utilization in Bloomington and currently the CapEx that we plan on spending there, about $112 million, will really dovetail into when they'll be approaching somewhere near full capacity utilization in the 2021, 2022 timeframe. We had no additional products that went commercial since the last quarter, which is not unusual given the relative lumpy nature of when commercial approvals happen. We expect, with the pipeline that we have, about another half dozen potential commercial approvals over the next 2 to 3 years. So, we don't expect the rate of approvals that we had for the time that we acquired them from 12 to 20 to continue at the same pace, but we do have another, I would say, half a dozen or so that we expect in the near term over the next couple of years.
John Chiminski: We’re very pleased certainly with the EBITDA performance in the segment, double digits, 13% in the quarter. And I think you see several quarters in a row that the business has delivered double digit EBITDA growth. The other thing I would say, if you look at the net new business wins as well as the book to bill ratio, those have been trending up over the last two quarters, which is an early signal of topline growth for the business. So, we look forward to sort of an increasing growth rate in the business as we look out in the near term for the segment. But, certainly, we’re pleased with what the business has been delivering from an EBITDA perspective.
John Chiminski: I would say that we’re not really seeing lumpiness in the performance of the business. I would say that it’s been much more of a normal smooth progression. They already had 12 products that were commercial when we purchased them. So, we've got another 8. And I would just say that, across those eight, it's just kind of working out to be not very lumpy and somewhat of a smooth ramp in terms of what we would expect. So, you do have launch quantities feeding into that. But then, you kind of have the normal progression of product growth over a multiyear period. So, I would say that the way the business is performing with the products, we’re very pleased with it. And our challenge is just to make sure that we continue to have the capacity to supply those commercial products. So, so far, so good, David.
John Chiminski: Again, we don't breakout the actual numbers for that. But I would just say that our Madison facility, which we've talked about in the past, is primarily – it really all drug substance. And then, our Bloomington facility is probably about 80/20 in terms of drug substance, drug product, maybe two-thirds/one-third. So, that's the mix across those two facilities. And then, within Madison, we do not yet have a product that has gone commercial, but over the next couple of years certainly as we look to bring on the additional fourth and fifth train, we do expect to either bring in-house or have one of the current late stage clinical products there go commercial. So, should be a continuing nice ramp in the drug substance area, complementing what we already have for commercial and drug product.
John Chiminski: So, first of all, I would say that, currently, the trend is for a lot of this sourcing independently. And with the acquisition of Bloomington, we’re actually at work creating an end-to-end offering that will be going to market, so we have some pilots with that. In advance of that, I would just say that the dialogues that we were having in Madison have crossed over to Bloomington and vice versa, meaning that each site now has a broader view of opportunities across the continuum from cell line development through drug substance and drug product. So, we’re already seeing some of those benefits. And I can tell you that we've captured customers we would not have otherwise and we’re currently in the process, as I said, of creating an end-to-end offering as a real offering, not just we have the capability, that we’ll be piloting. So, I think it will be a huge differentiator. And again, this is one of the strategic rationales for having that drug product is creating that end-to-end across Biologics, which I'll tell you, in general, end-to-end solutions are much more of a talk tracking, a marketing ploy than it is in real – in how it works in real life, not so on the Biologics front. It really will be a differentiator having that end-to-end capability. So, that'll be making some progress over the next 12 to 18 months.
John Chiminski: Softgel’s pipeline actually looks terrific. The challenge is that it’s for smaller disease populations, orphan drugs and so forth. So, the challenge is just more from a volume standpoint, not from a natural new product introduction. We've had some terrific new product introductions in the pipeline for Softgel and they're well north of 100, 120 or so of active, I would say, RX projects, which is the real value-add drivers in Softgel. And, certainly, a large number of OTC and VMS projects. So, very healthy pipelines. And again, this has been a historical 2% to 4% grower, given the niche dose form. But when you're the leader and four times bigger than the next, it’s really a terrific business. So, we’re really running it in that zip code for growth, but trying to get more marginal out with our productivity.
John Chiminski: It’s purely operational and executional improvement. As you know, we had some operational challenges in our blow-fill-seal facility dating all the way back almost a year-and-a-half ago that we've been working through. And through that period, a backlog had been developing. And really, what we’re seeing now is the relief of that backlog through improved operations. And we expect that healing to continue, if you will, across that respiratory and ophthalmic business.
John Chiminski: Yes. So, look, what I would say is that, Cook built this business up over a 15-year period. And, specifically, in the drug products front, I would say, over the last 8 to 10 years, they had a high focus on two things – one is, late stage biologics products that they believed would go commercial and then focused on customers that would stay with them for commercial. So, they had a very specific strategy that, quite frankly, Catalent has been the beneficiary of that we literally acquired them on the upswing of this terrific pipeline. So, they had 12. We thought maybe another three or four, we’re going to go commercial, and then, again, it just worked out that they had a stronger slate of approvals than we had expected. And they went up to 20. We certainly do not expect to see that same rate of approvals. We do have about another half a dozen over the next 2 to 3 years that are, again, in the shoot for potential approval. But that doesn't mean that the growth rate is slowing down because we also continue to win and bring in clinical stage business, which is again the front-end engine of that business. So, we continue to see, I would say, the growth rate of that business continue with no fall off. And then, the bonus is when you do get some of those commercial products. Most of the products in Catalent that we do in our development pipeline do not get approved. So, our business model is to bring in molecules, do development work on them and then if and when they get approved, do the long-term commercial manufacturing. So, I’d say Bloomington is fitting right into our Catalent’s follow-the-molecule strategy and is performing, I would say, better than we had forecasted, but continue to see that growth rate going forward.
John Chiminski: All factors related to Softgel are baked into our guidance, whether they be the ibuprofen where the product participation that had rollen off, as well as the divestitures as well as the second source that we brought online. So, I would say, that's all contemplated in our reaffirmed guidance.
John Chiminski: Thanks, operator. And thanks, everyone, for your questions and for taking the time to join our call. I’d like to close by reminding you of a few important points. First, our strong Q2 performance positions us well in the second half of the fiscal year and we’re confident in, and committed to, delivering fiscal year 2019 results consistent with our financial guidance and are focused on continuing to drive organic growth across our overall business. Second, we’re committed to continuing to grow our world class Biologics business, as demonstrated by recent announcement of $200 million of CapEx being deployed to further build our capacity and capability in our Madison and Bloomington sites, and look forward to continued strong double-digit revenue and high-margin EBITDA growth from our Biologics offering. Third, the continued successful and efficient integration of the Juniper Pharmaceuticals business into the Catalent family is a top priority as we look to swiftly capitalize at our recent inorganic investments. The Juniper business continues to perform above expectations. Fourth, expanding the adjusted EBITDA margin of our business is a key focus area for this management team as we drive towards 200 basis points to 300 basis points of further expansion over the next 3 to 4 years. Last, but not least, operations quality and regulatory excellence are at the heart of how we run our business and remain a constant focus and priority. We support every customer project with deep scientific expertise and a commitment to putting the patient first in all we do. Thank you.
