John R. Chiminski: Thanks, Tom, and welcome, everyone, to our earnings call. We continue to perform in line with our financial performance expectations and are pleased to report third quarter results, which include significant year-over-year revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth in constant currency across all three of our reporting segments. As you can see on slide 6, our revenue for the third quarter increased 22%, as reported and increased 25% in constant currency to $532.6 million with 20% of the 25% being organic and with all reporting segments contributing to the growth. Our adjusted EBITDA of $117.8 million was above the third quarter of fiscal year 2016 on a constant-currency basis by 51%, of which 46% was organic with all segments contributing to year-over-year EBITDA growth. Our adjusted net income was $48.7 million or $0.38 per diluted share for the third quarter. Additionally, through the first 9 months of fiscal year 2017, we recorded revenue growth of 11% as reported and 14% in constant currency with 12% of the 14% being organic, which is significantly above our long-term outlook of 4% to 6% top line growth. Now, moving on to our key operating accomplishments during the quarter: First, we closed the acquisition of Accucaps, a Canadian developer and manufacturer of over-the-counter, high-potency and conventional pharmaceutical softgel products. The acquisition highlights our commitment to build on their market-leading position in the softgel space and adds two facilities in North America to complement our Softgel Center of Excellence in St. Petersburg, Florida. Integration of Accucaps, along with Pharmatek which closed in the first quarter, is progressing well and has already begun benefiting our customers and creating value for Catalent. Next, I'd like to highlight another excellent addition to our Board of Directors. Earlier this week, Madhu Balachandran, former Executive Vice President of Operations at Amgen is elected to the Catalent's Board. Madhu is a seasoned executive who brings a wealth of biologics and operations experience which will be extremely valuable, as we continue to execute on our growth strategy. Finally, I want to reiterate that the dynamics of our industry and market continue to remain very favorable and our customers' needs for fewer, bigger, better development and manufacturing partners will continue to be drivers of long-term growth. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Matt Walsh, who will take you through our third quarter and year-to-date financial results and provide details on our outlook for fiscal year 2017.
John R. Chiminski: No. It continues to be – I would just describe it as a very robust market. In fact, I would say if anything, things seem to be trending a little bit more upward. I think now that we have good – we have a few large suppliers in this space now that are providing credibility to further outsourcing, and we also see some very robust demand from small and midsized pharmas where they're trying to leverage the infrastructure of a full service provider like Catalent. So, if anything, I would just say the environment seems to be very, very robust. No significant changes, but maybe trending upwards a little bit.
John R. Chiminski: So, there's nowhere that we're currently having revenue constraints in the business due to capacity. I would say that we're feathering in just in time the capacity needs that we're going to have from a biologics standpoint. We're running near or at capacity and expect to do our first engineering runs in October. So, the best way to describe it is we're feathering that in. Winchester, as you know, we made a significant investment there and that is, I would just say, starting to progress nicely in terms of the business that we've won in there. And we plan on, now, adding some additional CapEx into Winchester from an equipment standpoint to meet the demand that's there, but it's no longer constrained by the lack of facility space. So, I would just say right now, other than the feathering in of the fast growth that we have within biologics, I think we're comfortable from a capacity standpoint. And, Dave, as you and I've discussed before, given the long-cycle nature of the business, we really need to get ahead of this. Our capacity planning really takes a look out 3 and 5 years, so that we don't really get caught with the inability to grow revenue because we've maxed out in capacity. So, I would personally say that I'm very comfortable. Certainly, our fourth quarters are always the biggest by far in the year, so we get to really see what the network can do. But, we're well positioned, I would say, right now and we're positioned going forward.
John R. Chiminski: Well, so first of all, I would say, across our long-cycle businesses, we continue to have, I would say, the most robust pipeline that we've ever had. We're seeing strength, I would say, across all the complex dosage forms in general. I do have to just continue to highlight the biologics piece; that really is a fairly robust area for the company; we continue internally to actually beat our own targets from a budgeting standpoint within that business. And that's where we continue to see a lot of demand and we talked about this before, the demand for this very large pipeline of I would say, specialized biologics molecules is really sitting in the sweet spot for folks that are manufacturing in the 5,000 liter or less kind of commercial scale, ultimately for those molecules. So, that area continues to be very robust. The analytical business that complements the biologic business is extremely robust. And then, I would just say, in general, the desire for development and clinical batches for complex dosage forms continues to be pretty robust. So, you can just continue to see relative strength there.
John R. Chiminski: Sure. So, let me kind of hit the first question, and Ricky you know that our business, although we have competitors that were somewhat marked against, I would say that Catalent really has its focus on these advanced delivery technologies. So, by default, we're not gaining share in outsourcing our products already, per se, outsourced, right if you're doing Softgel, if you're doing a Zydus format, any of our other complex dosage forms. So, generally what we're trying to do is get a higher share of molecules versus a higher share of outsourcing. So, to some extent, there's a little bit of apples and oranges going on between us and maybe some of the competition because they may be seeing some stronger growth rates with regards to outsourcing compared to our growth rate as one of capturing molecules and then ultimately the growth rate is somewhat dependent on those getting approved and getting commercially launched. I'll also remind that on a constant-currency basis, our growth rates have continued to accelerate from our IPO. But, because of the foreign currency impact on a reported basis, it was up virtually eliminated, showing a company that looks like it had flat growth while we were growing actually at about 6% and 7% on a constant-currency basis. So, against the higher growers, just a couple of points off. So, I would just say that the share regain isn't just capturing those molecules and getting them released. So, I would just say, in general, in those advanced dosage forms, we continue to be a market leader across almost every segment that we're in. With regards to your question, with regards to supply chain and API, I'll just offer the following. In the many years that I've been in this business, since I'm now on my ninth year as a CEO, I've never had an individual quarter or year impacted by lack of delivery from API. We have had points in time that it was somewhat tight and that usually happens if there is a regulatory action at a specific supplier delivering our API. But, you have to remember that our customers are making 10x and many more multiples than we are, and they're highly motivated that when they do place an order that the API and the supply chain behind it is tuned in. So, I would tell you from where we sit, we don't see any broad-based API issue within the industry. And again, based on the reason behind it, I'm telling you that I have not experienced that personally within the business in terms of impacting a quarter.
John R. Chiminski: I would say that we continue to be very active in the space in terms of making sure that we're looking at opportunities that fill out our strategic goals. I mean, our main purpose for M&A is to accelerate our strategic goals faster than we could organically. And then also, we do it if we think we can add significantly more value through those M&A activities. We certainly are active across all of our business units with a particular attention towards biologics assets of scale, if we can bring those into accelerate the normal organic investments that we're making in our Madison facility.
John R. Chiminski: Nina, I would just tell you that Redwood, it's a early development. It's an early development investment that we've made that's brought in some terrific technology in and we've signed some excellent customers and they continue to meet the milestones and the plans that we've had. So, we're very pleased with it. I mean, we've talked most recently about the CD22, which was a license to Triphase which is really exciting. That's actually a Catalent developed molecule with our ADC technology and our GPEx, so it's pretty interesting. So, I would just tell you that, it continues to add value to our customers and they continue to meet the milestones along their very long development path.
John R. Chiminski: Okay, great. Thanks, operator, and thanks, everyone, for your questions and for taking the time to join our call. I'd like to close by reminding you of a few of our key priorities for fiscal year 2017. First, we're confident and committed to delivering fiscal year 2017 results consistent with our financial guidance, which is aligned with our long-term outlook of 4% to 6% revenue growth and 6% to 8% adjusted EBITDA growth. Next, we're committed to building a world-class biologics business for our customers and for patients and look forward to another year of double-digit revenue and EBITDA growth from our core biologics offering. Operations, quality and regulatory excellence are at the heart of how we run our business and remains a constant focus and priority. We support every customer project with deep scientific expertise and a commitment to putting the patient first, in all we do. Lastly, we're well positioned to capitalize on our industry-leading partnerships and the potential for consolidation. We continue to target tuck-in acquisitions that we can integrate swiftly and efficiently in order to maximize value to our shareholders, as evidenced by both Pharmatek and Accucaps. Thank you.
Matthew M. Walsh: There were, Tejas. We did see that some of our third quarter growth was accelerating – growth that we had expected would occur in the fourth quarter; so that trade-off is one of the reasons why we elected to maintain guidance, where it is. The other issue just relates to issues that we've been experiencing for the last few years now related to foreign currency translation which can be more volatile in the 90-day periods and over longer periods. So, those were the two drivers that motivated us to keep guidance where it is.
Matthew M. Walsh: So, that is indeed a component of our guidance. And if you look at our historical actuals, Tejas, you'll see exactly the same thing. Fourth quarter is significantly disproportionate from the other quarters in terms of absolute dollars and the operating leverage that follows that also drives up margins and it's – you've certainly seen that in our historical results.
Matthew M. Walsh: So, I would say that the low-margin business that we make reference to which is comparator sourcing for us is a core part of the end-to-end service that we provide in this segment. So, it's nothing that we would choose to, let's say, deemphasize or eliminate as a revenue source because it is part of the reason why we win turnkey projects where all of the services are offered. And just as a reminder, all of the services for us can comprise comparator sourcing, manufacturing and packaging and storage and distribution. To answer your question, what we see in the backlog is very much commensurate with what we're recognizing in our revenues to date. We don't see any significant changes coming in that regard.
Matthew M. Walsh: So, I would call it somewhere – my answer will be based on EBITDA now and I would say it was somewhere in the $4 million to $5 million range just as a rough estimate.
Matthew M. Walsh: Top line is a little bit harder to – harder to quantify. So, I won't attempt to do it. I'll just stick with the answer that I provided earlier which is EBITDA based and you could sort of back into a sales number that makes sense.
Matthew M. Walsh: Well, so this gets back to sort of a core feature of our business which is the timing of when new products will launch is one of the more difficult things that we do from a forecasting and guidance perspective. And actually, I think in the case of animal health, we'll be pretty close. We had anticipated that we would have a Q3 launch – we'll probably launch that product in Q4. And as is also the case with Catalent, there'll never be a single product that will drive our number significantly in one direction or the other. This New Product Introduction happens to be significant for our Brussels site which is one of the roughly three dozen sites that we have. So, we discussed it because it is an important item for our pre-filled syringe business within the DDS segment within Catalent. But, other than that, I wouldn't encourage you to think it's a meaningful driver, for example, of whether Catalent hits our fourth guidance or not.
Matthew M. Walsh: Well, so I've said this many times, so certain folks on the call will view this as a very familiar statement. In the long-run, Catalent manufactures dosage form to serve patients. But, in the short run, we supply our customers' supply chain. And at any point in time, they may be stocking or de-stocking inventories. We saw a significant issue in the prior fiscal year which drove down numbers in the DDS segment, especially in this third quarter of last year. And we knew those would normalize in the current fiscal year which indeed they have. And we have not experienced any significant supply-chain-related issues like that in this fiscal year. And that's one of the reasons why we've been able to be very predictable in our guidance. Our guidance has really – the midpoint of our guidance has not changed all year and that's one of the reasons. Because we haven't had any supply-chain interruptions that would drive a difference between the medications that patients consume and the supply chains in the short run that we supply.
Matthew M. Walsh: So, I would say two things in response to that question. I would say that the business, upon our acquisition of it, is performing at a higher volume level than we had anticipated in our pre-acquisition modeling. So, it's true, the business is just doing well. That said, your estimate of $80 million as a run rate for the business is really not too far off of what the business had done on an LTM basis prior to the acquisition anyway.
Matthew M. Walsh: I would say that this year we've had a relatively higher contribution from Rx products. It's one of the reasons why the revenue number has been driven up, David, compared to the last 3 or 4 years.
Matthew M. Walsh: So, we re-look at this every quarter, David, and our latest look suggests we're consuming the NOLs a little bit more slowly than we have thought. So, our latest estimate is that we'll fully through the NOLs by the end of FY 2018, so the end of next fiscal year. We continue to believe that our effective tax rate for book purposes is in that 31% to 32% range and that will be our cash tax rate when those NOLs expire.
Matthew M. Walsh: So, through the third quarter, well, let me take a step back and say our expectation for the year was that free cash flow would be 60% to 70% of adjusted net income. I think in third quarter, year-to-date we're probably ahead of that I think we're probably well north of 70%. But, our full year expectation continues to remain the same that free cash flow will be in the 60% to 70% range which should say that we should be nicely in excess of $100 million of free cash flow for the year before acquisitions.
Matthew M. Walsh: Well, so I would say it's a little bit early for us to be talking about FY 2018. We're in the middle of our internal budgeting process now, that process informs significantly what our guidance will be. And I would – so absent having that knowledge, it's a little bit hard to make prognostications about FY 2018. Our long-term outlook of 4% to 6% organic revenue growth for the company is based on a lot of years of history. And while we are cycling some of our focus on more higher growth entities, I think, until we see what the impact of all that is, I'll probably refrain from any comments about FY 2018 at this point, John.
Matthew M. Walsh: Sure, so let's start with CSS. So, we did happen to have a particularly strong quarter this quarter for comparator shipments. But, the base business – or the core operations of the manufacturing and packaging and storage and distribution did grow nicely as well, closer to that range that we're talking about. If Catalent as a total entity is going to grow 4% to 6% top-line, we've always said that CSS should be at the upper end or even a little bit above the upper end of that. And we did see that and I think the outsized performance of comparator volumes is probably what is maybe a little bit out of kilter with your model, Matt. On the DDS side, there wasn't really anything special that the company can point to in terms of the quarterly performance. In any near-term window, like a quarter, we are filling the orders that we get. We strategically impact the business over much longer timeframes, as John alluded to, with molecules that we win and the dosage forms and technologies that we're trying to emphasize. So, summing that all up, DDS had a good quarter because we had the orders and we executed operationally without hiccups to fill those orders. It's that simple.
Matthew M. Walsh: Well, Matt, I will tell you, we have terrific competitors in the clinical business. And the services that we offer, the largest competitors in this space are all quite similar. We competitively differentiate ourselves or try to with operational excellence, execution and error-free performance on our customers' behalf. That said, clinical trials sometimes get canceled for reasons beyond our control and things our customers can't even control. So, it's a little bit tough for us to comment on a call like this. I don't know the particular circumstances of that cancellation. I guess, I would say that it would be unlikely for Catalent to make a comment like that in one of our quarterly calls because there aren't significantly large trials, one or two or a small handful, that would drive their performance of this segment. It behaves a lot like the long-cycle business within Catalent which when you talk about the 7,000 products that we make, there's never going to be a single driver.
Matthew M. Walsh: That is an excellent question, Nina. When we look at the 1,000 customers that we have, it's seldom a question of who don't we do business with versus who we do. It's really how can we do more business with the customers that are in the portfolio that we have. I'll tell you that this is not data that we track to the point where I would have it at my fingertips. But, it feels like we are sort of holding steady in terms of the number and amount of new business wins that we have with current customers versus wins that come from brand new customers to the company in the year that we first have revenue. So, while it's hard to answer your question quantitatively, I can tell you on a feel basis, it doesn't feel different this year than it has in years past.
