Ricky Hopson: Yes. Jacob, I'll take the first part of that question then specific to your to your Q4 comment. You're right. The $55 million impact in Q3 will not be repeated in Q4. The operational productivity challenges that we saw in Q3 dwindled into Q4 as well. And what I would say is that the improving operational performance doesn't always translate into an immediate financial impact. And that's why we continue to expect to see those depressed margins in Q4 when we compare that back to Q3. But your comment around the sizable reduction in COVID revenue from Q3, which was, as I said, 120 million and if you do the math, the Q4 numbers, there were about $40 million. We would expect to see some decline in revenue in Q4 versus Q3 overall for the segment.
Ricky Hopson: Hey Dave, it's Ricky here. Yes, the 100 million is the number that we had confirmed on the May 19 call. I would say that we've made some good progress on taking actions on that number. There was an announcement where we reduced the head count at our Bloomington facility. The supervisory level [Technical Difficulty] towards that number. And then, of course, additional actions are underway expected to be implemented before the end of this month. Those remediation are costs confirmed. They are part of the $100 million, but I don't have the detail to be able to give you that number right now.
Ricky Hopson: No, I mean, that is the driver for the continued depressed margins that we expect to see in Q4 versus Q3, predominantly out of BWI, where we previously announced the operational challenges associated with the ERP implementation impacted at the end of Q3, continued into the start of Q4, much more confident and happy with where the business is right now. But that didn't take place until the early May time frame. And the operational rigor that is in place now will eventually translate to more financial rigor in the first quarter of fiscal 2024.
Ricky Hopson: Hey, Ricky again. Sorry, if I've created confusion on that point in the past. Now, to be very clear and specific here, the $26 million [error] [ph], we opened up our fiscal 2022 financial statements and corrected that error during that period. So, we've revised our financial statements for fiscal 2022, and that $26 million is reflected in those, in the 10-K/A that will be filed today. So that means that, that $26 million of revenue and adjusted EBITDA has zero impact on our fiscal 2023 financial statements.
Ricky Hopson: Yes. Look, tough for me to give you some specifics around that. We tried to articulate how we're starting to think about fiscal 2024, and we're still working through those numbers ourselves. We clearly got a headwind next year when it comes to COVID. The number that we've said this year is slightly more than 600, and it's going to be a significant headwind next year, although tailwinds do exist with some of the cost actions that we've mentioned that we've taken, some of the one-timers that we don't expect to repeat, and some of the growth that we expect in the business. So, Luke, I can't really give you too much more specifics than that other than those are the big headlines that I would be [factoring into your model] [ph].
Ricky Hopson: That's right, Alessandro. It's been – a lot of time has been spent by myself and the finance team on the independent balance sheet review, the accounting complexities of the large gene therapy contract that I talked about in my remarks. The impairment around the consumer business and, you know we spend a lot of time looking at the forecast and really digging deep into the forecast, predominantly around our Biologics segment. But look, when we scratched [away the] [ph] surface on PCH and dug a little, we realized that the risk profile wasn't where we expected it to be and some of the operational execution assumptions that we had put into our model we're optimistic and thus led us to take the decision that this needed tweaking further in the reduction that we see of 25 million of revenue and 25 million EBITDA is primarily related to the PCH change.
Ricky Hopson: Yes, Sean, I can't [sit here] [ph] today and give you more specifics on 2024. I'm still working through that myself. It wouldn't be – I think the prudent thing for me to do to share any numbers associated with 2024. All I would say is, I would confirm what we said back then and what we're saying now is that the ERP implementation did create operational challenges, certainly in the March and April time frame. We believe that is behind us now. We've had a very good operational performance in the month of May and see that continuing in June. And the challenge with the business is operational performance doesn't translate to financial performance immediately. We will see that come through in the first quarter of fiscal 2024, but in terms of giving you any specifics around numbers, I can't do that right now, Sean.
Ricky Hopson: And Mike, if I could just add, Alessandro, just in fiscal 2024, just to kind of repeat what we said on our May 19 call, my priority is absolutely going to be on free cash flow, cash generation. And next year, CapEx as a percentage of revenue will be less than this year. This year's trended to about 13% right now, and we're expecting with maintenance CapEx, compliance CapEx and the completion of our current in-flight programs, some of which Alessandro just mentioned, we're expecting to be in the high single digits for fiscal 2024.
Ricky Hopson: Yes, the supply chain issues, they are close to resolution expecting to be fully resolved in the first quarter of our fiscal 2024. That was for the – that was for the supply chain product issue in PCH. And to your first point on COVID, I would just stand by what we said, Mike. It's going to be a significantly lower number in 2024 when I think about the 600 million that we've recognized here in fiscal 2023.
Ricky Hopson: Yes. Hey, John, this is Ricky here. Yes, I would simply say, yes. With the analysis that we've done so far and the opportunities ahead of ourselves on that particular segment of PCH, there will be a fair conclusion to draw that growth is expected from the segment next year.
Alessandro Maselli: Yes. And to your second part of the question, which is a great one, by the way, look, when you look at what is the work to be done in Biologics, you can really look at the three areas of interventions here. The first one is, regaining productivity at a couple of locations which have been significantly disrupted by a couple of events, one remediation and two correcting the course after a significant shift of the portfolio following the COVID-cliff. So, we are making good progress there. As I said in my remarks, we started to see some first progresses in this quarter from an operational standpoint. And again, we will continue to work over the next period to address those productivity issues. Major primarily has the ability to deliver uptime on the production lines. The second one is really aligning the headcount to the new mix that takes some time, right? So, you need to do that responsibly, respectfully, and take into consideration always the potential turmoil that these activities can generate. So, we are doing that very, very thoughtfully. We know what the end point needs to be, but we don't want to rush into it to make sure that the business stays in control. So, maybe this could delay a little bit to the margin – the full margin recovery, but this is the right thing to do in order to continue to deliver service to our customers. And finally, this is an element, which we have quantified a little bit more during this call, it's really addressing those additional sites and assets, which we have added to pursue new modalities, we have quoted the cell therapies and plasmid. Look, the reality is that in a different world or with the different expectations, these sites would have registered revenues faster than what we are seeing. The reality is now clear to us, in terms of what could be an achievable revenue ramp there and now we are aligning our cost structure and cost investment to those new outlook of revenues. And these assets, which are now dilutive, a significant dilutive to the segment, our plan is to bring them more short-term in good order not affected the margin of the segment. So, I would say these are the three items. The timeline of the three items is different. So, that's why it's not very easy to point you to a specific date, but hopefully, our understanding and plan gives you the confidence that over time we're going to get back there. Also, I will add there's a final comment. Look, at the end of the day, the pricing and the margin of the business, it's the same that we experienced even before the pandemic. So, there is no reason that we cannot bring this segment back where it needs to be.
Alessandro Maselli: Well, number one, I believe it’s an exciting space for all the industry to start with. Clearly, very large patient population. So, with the need for premium dosage forms. So, this is in the real – the strength – placed to the strength of Catalent. We have a high – normally we have high speed lines with the large capacity and with the [indiscernible] technologies. So, really matching the need. So, this is one of the most interesting areas for us. It should be one where we play significant role today, and we want to work hard to play an even more significant role going forward.
Alessandro Maselli: All right. So, first part, I guess, I'm going to take both to – if you don't mind, Ricky. So, look, on the first part, as we said in the previous call, we are addressing the substance, right, of the problem here, which is to shorten these testing time lines, and it's going to take some time to do that. I believe that we have a very collaborative relationship with some of those customers. And so, they are very much listening to our position here, and they've been receptive to some of our requests. So, again, I believe that as we get into the rhythm here, our cash flow generation from these modalities will improve [over time] [ph]. With regards of your second question, look, I got to say short-term specific comments on regulatory processes that are currently still ongoing. I will tell you that our – we continue to work hard to make sure that as we have secured supply in the short-term, we also make sure that the supply is available for the future, reminding you that clearly, given the long time line of this process at any point in time, you're really looking at what is the potential demand of the product down the road. So, there is not necessarily a strict correlation of short-term event to manufacturing the plans, because you're manufacturing for something that is happening a few quarters down the road from a market standpoint.
Alessandro Maselli: So, look, first of all, I would relate one comment that I've done many times. Regular inspections are the reality of our business. So – and so correlated so to speak cost or if you like, activities correlated them are part of our normal business model. There are times in which for a number of different reasons. So, there is a concentration of inspections at one specific location because it's very important because there is a lot going on, and this was the case in January, and February, and March with regard to our gene therapy facility, now is public information has been published. We received three inspections at those locations. We are very pretty satisfied with the outcome, which we have addressed as we always do. With regards to your second question or second part of your question, look, the reality is that – you don't have to see these – any inspection [necessarily corelated] [ph] to the previous one and inspection is an inspection, it's alright. Sometimes you get inspected as – on an annual basis, this is true for the most critical sites, sometimes because there is a PAI , pre-approval inspection. So, there is one review of one specific product that triggers another inspection and these inspections really need to be seen on their own merit. Once you get a PAI classification out of an inspection, it means that the corrective actions that you have submitted that already deemed to be satisfactory or you wouldn't get that classification. So, the correlation is not something that is normally there between those inspections that are probably sometimes triggered by different type of events.
Alessandro Maselli: Hey Dave, Alessandro here. I'm just going to tell you, [indiscernible] and then going to pass to Ricky to more specific. Look the way you need to see in terms of dynamic normally, in our business, an operational event tends to have a delayed impact on financials because of the way it works. You manufacture and the long lead time brings you that you're missing revenues in the next quarter and so on. So, some of the operational challenges that we have quoted for Q3 don't necessarily add the direct impact on the financial of Q3, but they have some impact also in Q4 and as well as we have quoted again that our BWI production challenges really affected the back end of Q3 and the beginning of Q4. So, there are elements of what we have shared, which are across the two quarters and Ricky more specific [on that] [ph].
Alessandro Maselli: Yes, sure. Look, we have a number of internal metrics that we follow. The first one is, our funnel of opportunities in terms of how many leads and contacts we have – we are receiving from this specific segment of our customer base. That's one side of it. The other one is the number of quotations that we are issuing; and thirdly, the amount of business that we signed. And in the last three months, all these three indicators started to show some small initial rebound again, it's one where – it's a wait-and-see game for us because we've been several times [prong] [ph] in assessing this space. As a reminder, most of our new modalities are really exposed to the biotech industry and funding as such. But yes, I mean, there are some initial signs, which we have seen. Hopefully, that will – those signs will consolidate and start-up in the second half of the year, but be mindful that these are signs of recovery from a low level. So, the path to get back to the level of activities that we've been experiencing 18 months ago, I believe this is still not short, but yes, I mean it's the first sign, which gives us more optimism around the future.
Alessandro Maselli: So Jack, that's a great question. I believe that we – this is one of those decisions, which we want to do right. So, we are taking up time to make sure that we land on the right decision. In the meantime, I’m just going to say that I'm very happy with the work that Ricky has done not only in bringing [indiscernible] in relatively and I know this doesn't feel like that, but a relatively good order and being here today, it feels good to be able to file our Q and K, and to be able to conclude our thorough and deep review of our financial statements, and we are satisfied with the work that has been done and to be frank also with the outcome, which is not ideal, but it should be – we are in a good position today. So Ricky, has, number one, done a great job there. Is also through his historical knowledge of the company, I believe that has brought back the forecast in the right balance of risk profile. Pretty happy with that. So, all to say that while we continue to search and we continue to progress very well, I would say, we're not necessarily in a rush because we are well covered here.
Alessandro Maselli: That's a great question, Jack. As I always said into The Street, of course, we are looking at the portfolio of assets. The great news is that our balance sheet gives us the flexibility, meaning that gives us the optionality of wanting to do stuff as opposed to have to do stuff. So, we can think about the timing, and we can think about the right transaction here. At the end of the day, for us, it's always important to respond the fundamental question, who is the best owner for an asset? There are times in which the best owner is Catalent, there are times where the best owner is someone else that are best, and some, probably of our segments or our industry of our companies, maybe can create more value for shareholders on a stand-alone basis. These are all things that are being evaluated and the fact to be in the position to have optionality is a good position to be and we are progressing well with our evaluations in discussions with our board. It's a very productive and constructive compositions going on. And I hope that soon, we're going to be able to discuss these in more details as we finalize our plans.
Alessandro Maselli: So, look, that's a great question. It's a little bit – one where I would provide you a little bit more granular outlook across the different offerings of the company because the answer to your question is different. I would tell you, overall, we shared during our May 19 update, which we stand by, that the capacity we have currently in the company and the one that we are completing to build with our CapEx plan is capable of delivering in our estimate, the $6.5 billion of revenue. So, when you look at where our guidance is that today, there is quite a [indiscernible] of us. Clearly, there are areas of the business, which – [where] [ph] the ramp-up to fill this capacity is going to be a little bit lower. This is really the comment around the bio modalities, the new modalities. So, [indiscernible] that we now need to accept the fact that the ramp there for a number of combined reasons is going to be lower.  There are other areas, to be honest with you, we're in [real] [ph] fill/finish for syringes, we cannot build the capacity fast enough, the capacity because of some of the dynamics. So, we also have discussed earlier in the Q&A session, there is a huge demand for those assets. And so those assets, I would say, we are not ahead, we are probably in-line, if not behind so we need to accelerate, as well as in our Zydis offering where we cannot satisfy a very big demand that is in face of others. So, there are areas of the business where we're going to really double down and continue to invest and continue to accelerate the current investment, they're trying to find the best possible solution to bring capacity online and there are other areas of the business were to work is more to mitigate the costs that we are carrying from an operational standpoint to optimize the return on capital, but I would tell you, the overall, the 6.5 billion number is a number where we feel pretty good about it. It's going to take some time. Of course, it's not going to happen overnight in order we can get there over time. And surely, as we look into the future, we will be planning for sustainable growth. This gives me the opportunity also to say that, clearly, in the last two years before this one, we grew in the 20%, 30% range, which for a company like us, it's very hard to cope with, and we are now suffering a little bit of the consequences of those – of that hyper growth. And going forward, I believe that we have now a plan that is more sustainable, stable, and we'll avoid another fiscal 2023 for us.
Alessandro Maselli: Yes, sure. Look, as much as we want to simplify the output of our production site in units, the reality is that the product mix does matter. And the COVID vaccine is a product mix, which, if you like is, as simple as it gets. You have one product, one presentation in billions of doses. The reality of the pharmaceutical industry and our reality has never been like that. We normally produce several products on the same line in different formats for different markets. So – and so it is a complete different mix and significant volumes. Normally – in our industry is normal to transition from one product to another. It just doesn't happen that there is one product going from zero to billions of doses and back to millions of doses in the space of 24 months all-in. So, when you're looking at syringe fill/finish processes where to train people, it requires 6 months to 9 months. You can understand that the strategies of the system in terms of reacting to our data stimulus and re-reacting to the opposite stimulus is very, very hard. And it's one where the playbook was never written in our industry. I also would say that when you think about the COVID revenue cliff of $700 million, which for the overall company is somewhat 15% of the revenues, right? So, when you think that really those revenues were concentrated in a couple of locations, you can understand that the percentage of change at those locations is well above that. And so, is the disruption. So, this is about retraining people, changing over lines for different formats, moving the products from one asset to another asset from one suite to another suite, doing [work transfer] [ph], doing technical work to get new products online. So, the level of complexity is very, very high. And this is one where surely, the amount of challenges we could be facing was not well understood. And again, this is not an excuse, but this is a very unique situation in our industry, which was never done before, and I hope never repeats.
Alessandro Maselli: Yes. Sure. So look, the ramp, once some of the last hurdles also, the stability and validation and others are to be pretty steepened. And surely, the some of those products are in very high demand end markets. So, I mean the body language receiving from our customers is that they're going to take whatever we can make. So, is going to be more depending on our ability to fully operationalize and being very productive by level of efficiency, level of uptime and throughput rather than the demand constraining us.
Alessandro Maselli: Pretty much it's the same that we shared in the last call. Yes. So, we're going to be seeing these ramps happening in the second half of this calendar year.
Alessandro Maselli: Yes. Look, number one, we don't provide significant numbers of customers that we have or whatever. Clearly, because of the size and the attention on Sarepta specifically, we – and the level of disclosure that we have to do, they have to do, this is a unique situation, but we are pretty conservative. And to be honest, we’re respectful – our customers in disclosing those type of information, which normally we cannot disclose also because of our contractual terms with them. I would tell you that the pipeline is healthy. We have a number of programs. We also believe that the fact that we are serving a large near commercial program is, I think as a catalyst for our facility, which is commercially approved. And so, this is a business that is, again, set aside some of the ramp-up challenges that we have experienced is a business that we are pretty happy with the performance and the pipeline. And it's also the dynamics of the market. And there's surely some events in the future can act as a further catalyst of optimism here. So, in terms of the number of suites, look, we have a lot of capacity there. It's a large site. It's one of the largest of the world. We keep expanding it. So, we don't believe that capacity is going to be our problem there. We are building enough runway for key programs to grow and to even grow further as we look into the future of this space.
Alessandro Maselli: Yes. Look, again, I say for my previous comment, is up to characterize that as painting everything with the same brush, so to speak, because it's very different at any point in time. I believe that 75% is a fair assumption, is somewhat to the sweet spot of our industry, right? So, where you have enough utilization to drive the margin and cash flow and you have enough flexibility to absorb the peaks of demand, so this is what we plan for and this is what you should be assuming in terms of our target utilization across the board. And clearly, this will be an average of [indiscernible].
Alessandro Maselli: Thank you everyone for taking the time to join our call, your questions, and your continued support to Catalent. Thank you.
