Matthew M. Walsh: Thanks, John. I'll start my presentation with a brief review of our second quarter operating accomplishments by reporting segment, starting with Oral Technologies on slide seven. Our softgel business, which accounted for approximately 70% of Oral Technology segment revenue, posted double-digit growth in both revenue and EBITDA on a constant currency basis, excluding the impact of the Beinheim facility suspension. More specifically, Beinheim reduced softgel's expected top line by $21 million and EBITDA by $14 million. The EBITDA impact included one-time costs of $4 million. I have more specifics to share on Beinheim momentarily. Elsewhere across our global softgel business, our consumer health initiative is gaining traction within Latin America, Asia Pacific and Europe. Additionally, we see continued strength in North America, driven by development revenue and our Rx product slate. During these positive trends, we believe the softgel business, excluding Beinheim, is positioned well for profitable growth throughout the remainder of the fiscal year at a level nicely above recent trend lines. The Modified Release business, which accounted for roughly 30% of all technology sales, had another challenging quarter as we expected and discussed during the last earnings call. Due to lower customer demand for certain higher margin products, revenue within controlled release declined year-over-year, and even the margin was affected by unfavorable product mix. Overall though, the Modified Release business fundamentals remain strong, however we do expect the business to continue to be challenged throughout the remainder of this fiscal year. Now let me provide you with an update on the financial impact that the Beinheim suspension, as outlined on slide eight, to both our fiscal second quarter and to the full year as we see it today. We have separated out the one-time cost in the second quarter from the continuing operations impact for transparency. The full-year estimated impact assumed that the site is fully operational by mid-March, with progressive restart of certain individual products prior to that. For absolute clarity, the figures on this chart represent the change in financial performance as compared to the company's previously issued guidance, last affirmed November 3, 2015. Now moving on, our Development and Clinical Services segment showed on slide nine posted strong organic growth during second quarter. The good performance of the Clinical Services business was attributable to the increased customer project activity and comparator sourcing activities. Revenue and EBITDA growth, as well as margin expansion in the Analytical Services business was driven by our integrated oral solids development and manufacturing business based in Kansas City. Additionally, a one-time volume commitment resolution within the segment Development and Analytical Services business increased the segment's revenue and EBITDA by $10 million. Our recent Micron Technologies acquisition also contributed modestly to segment performance during the second quarter. As of December 31, 2015, our backlog for the Development and Clinical Services segment was $433.8 million, a 2% sequential increase. The segment also recorded net new business win of $133.8 million during the second quarter, representing a 33% increase year-over-year. The segment's trailing 12-month book-to-bill ratio was 1.1x. On slide 10, turning to the Medication Delivery Solutions segment, our Blow-Fill-Seal offering continued a strong underlying performance, with the core business posting double-digit revenue and EBITDA growth during the second quarter. However, a one-time volume commitment resolution recorded in the prior year negatively affected year-on-year growth. Market fundamentals for Blow-Fill-Seal remain attractive with a robust new product pipeline and continued (13:23-14:02).
Matthew M. Walsh: So, the – we expect the facility to be fully operational by mid-March with selected products coming up before then, and really, any difference between the bottom or the top in the range would just be driven by the timing of the re-onboarding of those products, whether...
Matthew M. Walsh: The overall business at Beinheim is pretty consistent with the rest of the network. I would discourage you from looking at these numbers as being representative of somehow the average profitability because these numbers contain all of the costs associated with remediation activities during the suspension period. So, it will make it look like these products are more profitable than they are.
Matthew M. Walsh: So, in terms of that, Derik, we've got I think two things to discuss. First of all, all of the key products at the site are under contract. The contract provisions include limitations of liability, which is Catalent standard across our network. That's one way of protection, if you will. We also have insurance coverage. So, we believe that (37:35) will enable us (37:38) the type of exposure you're referring to.
Matthew M. Walsh: To answer the last part of your question first, it is $10 million of revenue that falls directly through to EBITDA. I would say that these resolution of volume commitments are – they are small in number. They are not typical part of our business. We had, I think, three such instances in the prior fiscal year, and one so far in this fiscal year, and I would tell you, three would be on the high side for expectations. We don't ever include those kinds of things in our guidance, for example. That just gives you a feel for management's view of the predictability or number of these things. And why the number seems large is just related to the specifics around that certain product. When the contract got signed, our customer had very rosy projections about what the product would do in the marketplace, and that underpinned what minimums were in the contract, and so the product is selling. It's a viable product, sales are increasing. But they're just not near the level that was contemplated by the customer when the contract was signed. So in circumstances like that, customers will typically ask for relief from the minimums, and which we're willing to do as long we're able to guarantee our return on capital. And so in this case, we effectively accelerated certain payments that would've otherwise been due under the contract, such that we're able to guarantee our return on capital that we deploy. But in the same way, give the customer some added breathing room on their end. So, these amendments when we do them are typically win/wins and that's what it was in this case.
Matthew M. Walsh: Okay. So, the way to think about backlog in this business is generally when we book new business, it will generally start some time in the next three months to six months, sometimes longer and then the average project may run in quarters in terms of its overall duration. So, the results that we're seeing we think will sustain good growth for the foreseeable future in the Dev-Clin business, and the good part about it was we saw it across our Clinical Supplies business as well as our Analytical business. And the return to growth that we believe is more indicative of the baseline growth of the clinical services business was really good to see and it was a payoff for reorganizational activities we'd undertaken to strengthen the focus of our business development efforts in Europe.
Matthew M. Walsh: Sure. So, within our softgel business, the consumer health initiative is something that we have been operationalizing and planning for and it's coming to fruition as we had planned. By the end of the fourth quarter, we will have probably ramped up most or all of the volume that we had anticipated in that initiative. So, really everything's on track as far as that's concerned. We've seen relatively better performance than we had expected when the year started out of our prescription business in North America, both in terms of commercial sale as well as development revenue. And so these things, when they happen in the actuals, we're talking about them as drivers because they are drivers, David. So, it explains why the softgel business is not only up in sale, but its margins have not – not only have they not declined as the consumer health initiative ramps up, but they've actually gone up.
Matthew M. Walsh: No changes to the global footprint contemplated, but everything that we know about the current situation at Beinheim is encapsulated in our guidance, right? So, that includes the ramp-up to full restart and a lot of the catch-up work from, let's say, excess of orders that have been delayed to be filled. Beinheim will be actively filling those in the fourth quarter. We've reflected that. And we're also accounting for some additional costs that we'll be taking on to make sure that we have business continuity planning in terms of second sourcing within Catalent's softgel network any products that our customers would like to have a second source within the Catalent network. So, that all of those costs and everything that we know is encapsulated in the current guidance.
Matthew M. Walsh: So, that's not guidance that we provide, John, but I think we've certainly given you the components to be able to develop that. And if you like to have more conversation on that, that's something that maybe we can handle offline. But the company doesn't provide guidance to cash flow, but the pieces are there.
Matthew M. Walsh: So, the timing of that really depends on the research and development efforts of Roche, which is just very difficult for us to pin down. And so that's a challenging question for us to answer, John. I can tell you there's nothing significant in the current guidance for it. And it's the kind of timeline that, I would say, spans years versus quarters.
Matthew M. Walsh: We definitely do and in sort of a virtuous cycle, the announcement of the Roche deal, as John mentioned, has generated even more interest in the technology which is a nice outcome.
Matthew M. Walsh: So, the Biologics business is a part of our Medication Delivery Solutions segment, Tim, just to make sure that we're all aligned on that. And right now, Biologics today is approximately 15% to 20% of the sales of that segment, and it is growing double-digits and we believe can continue to grow at that pace. So, it'll be a strong contributor to the growth of the MDS segment overall.
Matthew M. Walsh: So, we're not disclosing that, Sean, but it is – it's currently reflected in our second quarter actuals, and that's – and anything that we know of in the future is already encapsulated in our guidance.
John R. Chiminski: Yeah. Hi, Tycho. John here. What I would say is that many of these products through – at this facility are single-source, sole-source products for Catalent. And so we're working with those customers directly in terms of submitting what are called global restart plans, and then working with our customers to go ahead and restart those products. So, there's no, I would say, significant customer retention issue at this site with regards to the, broadly speaking, the product slate that we have there.
John R. Chiminski: Well, so as you know, this is a new technology, second-generation technology with regards to our conjugation technology for the ADC. And I would just say we had a very strong interest prior to Roche, where we have, many high-value customers that we're not disclosing, just based on the agreements that we have with them. And then obviously, post the Roche agreement, I would say we just had an even heightened awareness of both the technology as well as interest. So, I think it's really just proceeding as we've expected and as we've continued to do proof-of-concept, it's continuing to meet all of those milestones. So, I would just say we're very much on track for this technology.
John R. Chiminski: Yeah. What I would just say is that our funnel continues to be very robust, and I would say it's independent of current market or, as you call it, valuations. And I would say we are just as active, if not more active than we've been over the last couple of years, and that's just because we've been aggressively pursuing things for a while. So, we hope that in the next 12 months to 24 months, we'll see a lot of better fruition of what's built up into that funnel, but it still remains very active, and I would say independent of current market and valuations.
John R. Chiminski: Yeah, so what I would tell you is that based on the productive, collaborative and constructive meetings that we've had with the ANSM that started in December, which I highlighted in my earnings release, I would say that they've given us significant clarity and a roadmap to what we needed to do to restart the facility, which gives us the current confidence that we have in a mid-March start. We've also built into there some contingencies based upon an additional inspection that will need to happen and when we'll respond. Certainly I have to say that this is all contingent upon the regulatory body and the ANSM, specifically. But at this point, we have very strong clarity about what we need to do to restart the facility. It starts with doing three customer restarts that we have visibility to start within the next week or so. And then following that inspection we should have visibility to starting in that March timeframe. So, I don't think we're off by significant numbers. If we are, it certainly would have an impact but I would say the clarity that we have right now provides us a high degree of certainty that we will be able to get the Beinheim issue behind us and we're certainly in a different spot in terms of certainty and clarity than we were sitting in November and December.
John R. Chiminski: Yeah. No, so what I would tell you is that the malicious act precipitated the ANSM's action. Certainly they have found other areas where they wanted us to make improvements in both how we alert the authorities to these type of acts, how we assess our – what levels we assess specific deviations and corrective actions and so forth. And we're well on our way to satisfying the ANSM's concern that they're, I would say, motivated to assist us in getting started. And again, they've told us that it's in Catalent's hands now to get this moving forward. So, we have a high degree of clarity to do that.
John R. Chiminski: This is John. Let me just kind of answer it from the standpoint that when you think about this kind of a development agreement with Roche, this is basically starting out at the very beginning of their research and development in terms of how to properly conjugate different molecules, if you will, and move them forward. So, when we take a look at a development agreement like this, this is going to have – think of it as a five-year to seven-year type of agreement where the initial revenues that we're going to be receiving are going to be on the development front with them more so than I would say on the milestone front. That's probably as much as I would probably say at this point. Certainly, we're looking to sign other deals of this nature because they end up having an overall layering affect, if you will, in terms of the overall technology. And I'll also just remind you and the folks that from a Biologics standpoint, we really see this as just a piece of our overall Biologics strategy within the company to really improve our overall relevance within the space since Biologics is going to be such an important part of our future.
John R. Chiminski: This is John here. What I would just say is that the initial out-of-place capsules occurred in the July timeframe of last year. And we're now talking seven months, or six months or seven months displaced from that, and we've only had one capsule that was detected at our customer's packaging. Packaging queuing processes caught it up. So, what I would say is that the amount of time that has gone on by and the number of batches that were put out into the field, it is a high degree of confidence. But that being said, we're not 100% certain. But there's enough signals here that make us very comfortable, and I would also say in terms of there were some initial batches that were recalled from a large number of batches that were produced during the timeframe that the ANSM was concerned with. And from the initial suspension where we had some initial recall activity to now, that recall activity has dwindled to basically zero over the last three weeks to four weeks. So, in terms of the assessments of our customers and our own assessments, along with the fact that we've had no detection in the marketplace, gives us a fair degree of certainty. And then as I said, the ANSM has provided us some very strong clarity around restart (52:25) to do that, we have our first three, I would say kind of approved restart plans, and we have some good clarity. So overall, that's I think a good assessment of do we expect to see one out in the marketplace. I think that the data kind of speaks for itself. With regards to the liability question, again, Matt had talked to, both about the fact that all of these products are under contracts where we do have limits of liability baked into them. We also have insurance, and any claims that have been logged already have been reserved and are in our current guidance.
John R. Chiminski: We're not reporting the number of batches that were recalled, but I would say it's a small number compared to the overall number that have been produced at that time period. And as I said, nothing recent over the last three weeks or four weeks.
John R. Chiminski: Okay. Thanks, Tom. So in conclusion, I'd like to reiterate that we're pleased with the underlying trends in our base business during the second quarter, and we look forward to building on that momentum in the coming quarters. The market for advanced delivery technologies and development solutions remains globally robust. We remain focused on the Beinheim remediation, capitalizing on our industry-leading partnerships and returning to our long-term growth outlook of 4% to 6% organic revenue growth and 6% to 8% organic EBITDA growth during fiscal year 2017. I'd like to thank all of you for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you again on our next conference call. Thank you.
