John Greisch: Thank you, Paul. Good morning and thank you for joining us. As I am sure you have seen by now, we issued two press releases this morning, our preliminary fourth quarter earnings release and the release announcing several initiatives reflecting our ongoing commitment to strong corporate governance and shareholder value creation, including the appointment of four new independent directors to the Board, two of whom were nominated by Elliott. The new directors are as follows; Steven Barg, Global Head of Engagement at Elliott Management, one of Catalent’s largest shareholders; Michelle Ryan, Former Treasurer at Johnson & Johnson; Frank D'Amelio, recently retired Chief Financial Officer of Pfizer; and Stephanie Okey, Former Senior Vice President and Head of North America, Rare Diseases, and U.S. General Manager, Rare Diseases at Genzyme. We have also established a new strategic and operational review committee of the Board to conduct a review of our business, strategy and operations, as well as our capital allocation priorities in order to maximize the long-term value of the company. The committee’s charter provides more detail about the scope of our review and is included in the Form 8-K filed this morning. In addition, I was named Executive Chair succeeding Marty Carroll as Board Chair. The Board and I are very appreciative of Marty’s leadership and look forward to his continuing contributions as an ongoing Board member. As Executive Chair, I will be working closely with Alessandro and the team to drive improved operational performance and execute on the shareholder value creation initiatives announced today, as well as Chair the Strategic and Operational Committee. The second press release also notes that we entered into a cooperation agreement with Elliott. This agreement addresses the matters I just discussed and contains customary provisions for an agreement of this type, including a standstill voting commitments and confidentiality provisions. Elliott shares the Board’s confidence in Catalent’s leading position as a key partner for the biopharmaceutical industry and is committed to working with us to drive shareholder value. We look forward to providing an update to the market on the work of, and ultimately, recommendations by the strategic and operational review committee following our reviews. We believe that these initiatives will improve Catalent’s positioning for long-term growth and success. We will be acting quickly and taking decisive action to strengthen operational performance, enhance profitability and create value for all stakeholders. I am personally excited to be partnering with Alessandro and the management team to drive profitable, sustainable and capital efficient growth, along with long-term shareholder value as we move forward. We are all very pleased to be working collaboratively with Elliott to accomplish these shared goals together. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Alessandro and Matti to discuss our recent performance.
John Greisch: Yeah. This is John Greisch. I will take the first part of that question. Firstly, Alessandro, the team, the Board, we all look forward to working and partnering with Elliott towards achieving our shared goals that we talked about in our prepared comments. The agreement between the company and Elliott is really designed with the primary intent of enhancing long-term shareholder value. And specifically to your question, the mandate included in the charter of the strategic and operational review committee is to review our businesses and strategies with the objectives of; one, improving our operational performance; two, strengthening the financial profile of the company along the lines of some of Matti’s comments around portfolio assessment; and three, maximizing the long-term value for our shareholders. We have got our first meeting of the committee in September. We have obviously been doing a lot of work ahead of that anyway and some of our Board appointments are part of that, the two nominated by Elliott, as well as two nominated from a search that we had been conducting. So I think over the next few months, it’s hard to put a specific time line on it. I think it’s going to come down to Alessandro’s proposal that he and the management team will bring to the committee and to the Board. But certainly by our next earnings call, we should have some traction to speak to you about and we are acting with a sense of urgency, not just at the committee level, but Alessandro and his team to address all of the initiatives and come up with the actions appropriate to drive and maximize long-term value for our shareholders.
John Greisch: Yeah. It’s hard to put a pinpoint a time line on coming out with conclusions or recommendations from the committee to the Board. So I hesitate to put a specific time line on it. I’d just reiterate what we said in our prepared comments, working with Elliott with a sense of urgency, working between Alessandro and his team and the Board really to drive the things that we spoke to, assume we are going to be taking some actions sooner rather than later. But to put a specific time line on it, I think, would be, I think, imprudent at this point in time.
John Greisch: Just to add to Alessandro’s comment albeit some of it may be repetitive. I think he and I are going to work with the committee, and just to be clear on the objectives of the committee again, to drive actions, to improve operations, perform a strategic review of the company, as well as the individual businesses, portfolio assessment, as Alessandro just said, do we have all the pieces that we want, as well as allocating capital among the portfolio individual businesses, all with the objective of driving long-term shareholder value. I think it would be premature to comment on any specific business at this point in time. Clearly, I understand your question, but give us some time to go through those activities and initiatives. And as I said earlier, we will report back on the findings that Alessandro and I recommend to the committee and ultimately to the Board, but commenting on specific actions today, I think, would just be premature.
Alessandro Maselli: Tejas, Alessandro here. Thanks a lot for your question. Look, first of all, we are pleased here today to be able to share our new guidance for fiscal 2024 in face of, well, as we disclosed a significant drop -- a further drop in our COVID revenues, but still seeing a resilience in our topline. So that’s something that is sticking to the underlying strength of our business as we shared, and as you are pointing out, some of that growth is related to our gene therapy business, which is now running at full cylinders after the some of the challenges that we shared during the spring. So topline is pleasing us. It’s also well balanced in H1 versus H2. As we shared during the spring in our Biologics business, there is still some work to do to restore previous margin. We are working expeditiously on addressing underutilization and some performance improvements, some more time. The work is required in the first half of the year, but we are confident that restarting sequentially our margins over the quarter. So I will turn it now to Matti to give you a little bit more granularity on the bridge.
Alessandro Maselli: Maybe the last point I would add to -- also pointing you out to some of the one-off impacts we recorded in the last fiscal year, something that you should consider as you model this.
Alessandro Maselli: Yeah. And then just to answer your -- the back side of your question. I think right now sitting here today, we have got ample liquidity to manage the current affairs of the company between cash and revolver availability. We also have, what I would call, a significant and unique opportunity to sustainably take down the working capital intensity and the CapEx intensity of the company, which we are looking at for the year. And so -- and then with the return of profitability in the back half of the year on the operational improvements that we will make, I don’t necessarily believe to have an issue to go after from a capital and/or debt raise.
Alessandro Maselli: Look, Bloomington is a launch pad for many new therapies, hands down, has always been and will always be. Sometimes some of the reasons why it’s in the news for inspections more than other facilities, because of that reason, because there is a lot of PIA work going on, there are a lot of launches, a lot of launches that are also requiring those inspections. Sometimes the timing is a challenging one and you need to work through these situations. We continue to be pleased about the pipeline, we have assets which are very heavily utilized, we have been sharing all along that we are seeing a significant demand in prefilled syringes and so that capacity is very highly utilized. And I believe that, overall, we are at the -- not only at the pipeline, but also some of the franchises where we expect to play a major role, one of the biggest one being a GLP-1. It’s something that we have been investing on and investing in for a few years, now coming to fruition and we are very excited about the opportunity coming from that specific therapeutic area, which we expect to be a very dominant one in years to come.
Alessandro Maselli: Yeah. Look, first of all, you always need to start from the clinical promise and the successes that you see in the clinical trials for some of these therapies and I have to say that the last few months have been exciting in these areas, right? So these are areas which we believe will continue to drive a lot of growth into the industry, also areas that have an incredible promise of having a significant impact on patients and meeting unmet needs. So, surely, strategically, these are areas where we need to stay in and we need to stay in with the purpose of being a significant player with a significant market share. All being said, we need to be realistic around what is the curve of growth of these areas, which we don’t expect to be linear. This is going to be more looking like an exponential curve in our opinion, with a little bit lower start, partly due to funding, partly due to the industry figuring out the manufacturing processes, which are positioning these therapies also for financial sustainability and when all of these will come together, this is going to be a great growth engine for the industry and for sure for Catalent. In the meantime, we need to understand the growth profile and we need to adjust the cost structure, making sure that we can mitigate those short-term margin impacts as we go forward. But, overall, I believe that we need to avoid to jeopardize the long-term opportunity here.
Alessandro Maselli: Well, look, first of all, the reason why I am speaking about the GLP-1 category and not necessarily specific product is because, as you know, as a company policy, an agreement with customers, we never really speak specifics of customers or products. I would tell you that overall, in fiscal 2024, we are going to start to see the fruits of the growth in this area. But even more so, we are going to see that in the -- in fiscal 2025 I believe and I do believe that the second half of fiscal 2024 and surely to fiscal 2025 are going to start to gain inflection point for this category as more assets will come to fruition to accelerate manufacturing and increase volumes and output. So we are very excited, we are very committed to our customers and we have a lot of confidence that this will be a significant contributor to the future growth story of Catalent.
Alessandro Maselli: So, look, I will take a little bit of the question. I will let John to close it out. As we said, the Consumer Health market, as highlighted, that some of our peers is going through a little bit of a correction both from an inventory level standpoint to preserve cash and the consumer discretionary spend, which is probably orientating towards a more less expensive dosage forms. That being said, from a commercial standpoint, we have disclosed at the time of the acquisition in the portfolio of customers of these assets, there were not a significant presence of the big consumer of companies with the biggest brands. And we are pretty pleased with the progress that our commercial team has done in building the relationship and penetrating these different segment of the market, which was not present at the time of the acquisition. Of course, nothing efforts overnight in our industry, so it will take some time, but we believe we are close to sign some additional work in business with some of these blue-chip companies, which will drive additional growth in this area. Now that being said, as we -- as John mentioned, we are exploring all the potential strategic options under the table to make sure that we streamline the portfolio of the company and we accelerate the shareholder value creation, and as such, all options are on the table.
Alessandro Maselli: I -- that being said, I just want to make one other point, right, which is, as we said many times, the fact that we are -- as we should, I -- mentioning explicitly and transformative one specific customer, it doesn’t mean that, the relation we did with that customer is only related to one program, and in fact, I am happy to share that the relationship with that specific customer is across several different programs. Some of that closer to full approval, some of them a little bit earlier in the pipeline, but we are pretty pleased about that pipeline.
Alessandro Maselli: Sure. Look, first of all, I just want to give a shout to the Bloomington team, because it’s always coming to the news as of late for some of these challenges, but this is the one facility that has played an incredible role during the pandemic serving the United States and the world with an incredible effort of producing billions of vaccine doses, which have saved millions of lives. And I just want this not to be lost from our memories, because it’s easy to move on from this. So the Bloomington team is a team that has accomplished an historical mission, which will never be taken away from them. That being said, clearly, the work has changed now and the work is a little bit different, and as such, you need the different skills and talent. And since the beginning of the year, as you said, we have made several changes, both in our -- in the site leadership where we have a new general manager there, as well as in several leadership positions at the site and above the site, including our quality function. And we are very pleased with the progresses and sustainable progress that this team is driving, looking at not only at cost reductions, but also driving the customer excellence and services, because at the end of the day, in the long-term, what really matters is to make sure that we deliver on our customer’s expectations and we continue to serve patients. So changes have happened, have been progressed over the last three months, four months, I would say, and we have the confidence that we have now in place the leadership for this new phase of the site, which is more launching new products and therapies as opposed to do one-only product in a pandemic setup.
Alessandro Maselli: So, look, when you think about where we want to put the sweet spot of utilization of this company and where we are going to get the most of our operating leverage and we believe that the range of utilization you want to achieve in this business between 70% and 80% of utilization across the Board of your assets. You translate in what that utilization in our current footprint can translate, it is $6.5 billion. So, of course, you noticed, this is predicated and keep being in the right therapeutic categories, having the right pipeline and winning the right amount of business, all of which we are working very actively in. So the potential of our network is that one and I guarantee you we are going to do everything that we possibly can to continue to fill our facilities and to get to that level of utilization which generates healthy levels of cash flows.
Alessandro Maselli: Well, look, we have seen a very good progress from that facility. So we are pleased with we are -- what we are already seeing. I believe that some of the lines for some very critical product have recorded record output in the last few months. So pretty pleased with what we are doing there and I believe that Brussels is on the right trajectory, and as we go through the first part of the year, which is a little bit slower also because of preplanned vacations and shutdowns at these facilities and we look into the second half of the year, we are going to continue to see progress and we are going to continue to see Brussels returning to ARPU level first and then margin as a consequence. We need to remind ourselves that this facility, we have all the demand we want, because we are still catching up some of the demand of coming from the experience and we expect in the second half of the year, this facility to really come back where it needs to be.
Alessandro Maselli: Well, sure. Look, at the moment, where we stand today, there is a significant amount of revenues that we are recording in our Biologics segment, which are translating in very little EBITDA levels and this is not the function of having the different market, different product mix or different product, is a function of the things that we have discussed in terms of underutilization of productivity improvement. So there is a significant opportunity for us to continue to work on these programs and revenues and returning those revenues and contributing to the bottomline. Our layer, which is very sensitive to the bottomline. So as we work through fiscal 2024 and we enter fiscal 2025, as we shared with the normalized margins, we have a line of sight to EBITDA returning to what we expect it to be, and as such, that leverage will take care a little bit of itself. I also believe that Matti will be absolutely focused on our $2 billion of working capital with all the initiatives that he has highlighted and looking at the progress is that he has already accomplished in the last few weeks since he’s joined, I am very confident that there would be a significant change in that area of our business, driving short-term cash flow. But also repositioning the company going forward as we continue to grow the topline for less need of capital to be infused into the company to operate. So it is a pretty simple playbook, grow the EBITDA, you use working capital and improve cash flow.
Alessandro Maselli: So, first of all, I believe that, the way I would respond to the first part of your question, there is nothing that is not in our control or that would prevent us to get back to the historical margins level in Biologics, nothing. The product mix is the same, the pricing is the same, equipments are the same and it’s a pretty healthy space to be in. So we will get there, it’s a matter of work and time. The second part of your question, we will over time try to carve out the other respiratory vaccine work from the pure COVID work, right? It’s more appropriate, because we believe that, these are less pandemic -- it’s less pandemic related to EBITDA and so the simple answer to your question is no.
Alessandro Maselli: Sure. Look, I do believe that early-stage, it’s one part of the equation. The other part of the question is that, as we continue to have good success in bringing assets to commercialization and we build our track record of commercializing products in new modalities and now this is track record is increasing, we believe we will become and we are becoming also the partner of choice to take on assets, which maybe have been early-stage elsewhere and we are going to be able to be the partner of choice to transition them into combination. So more specifically engaging also in the later clinical phases, which is in fact, possible. So we believe that our market share in that specific stage is significant but will become even more significant as a result of our track record. So, again, we believe that our growth in that will be both coming from our continued focus on the commercial team in winning these early-stage assets, which is a little bit of the nature of it, but also being very surgical in going after the opportunity in late-stage as this pipeline matures and position ourselves as a partner of choice for commercial assets.
Alessandro Maselli: So, what I said is that, look, the reality is that for GLP-1 there is a large amount of demand that they need capacity to be satisfied, right, across the Board, and our job as a CDMO is to bring this capacity as fast as possible online to satisfy that demand. We are trying to do everything we can possibly can across all our facilities and I believe we are pleased that almost all our therapeutic facilities are in some way in different ways involved with this therapeutic area, which, as I said, is one that will be very exciting for the years to come. So we are happy about our role, our role will increase as a result of additional capacity coming online and will be very much spread across the network.
Alessandro Maselli: Yeah. Look, so -- look, in any way, the readout from the study is going to be an important event from us, not only from a business standpoint, but from a patient-first standpoint. So that is in fact a big deal for us. I don’t want that to be underestimated. I do believe that you need to always think about the lens of this process and how this process is really, if you like, whatever happens today is going to have an impact that delayed in time. But clearly, as you think about our growth into the future, that it is an event that will be important to us, one that we are going to be observing with a lot of attention.
Alessandro Maselli: Sure. Sure. First of all, look, and we said all along, PCH has some macro driven dynamics primarily related to the Consumer Health, where consumer discretionary spend is really what can drive end market demand that we have been pretty open and forthcoming about this in the fall of last year. But when you think about the rest of the footprint of PCH is in large commercial approved pharmaceutical product or products that are late-stage and due to be approved. So the way you need to think about the dynamics in that business is less macro related and more pipeline related. And as I said, last year was a disappointing one, because of some of the assets we had in the pipeline, which were expected to drive growth on top of the base business were a little bit delayed. We have been open about how we were getting those approvals, a dozen of them did happen in the last six months, and as such, they are now launching, they were building stock, we are producing commercial volumes. So that’s the other dynamic. There is the specific product for which we have resolved the supply chain disruption and now we do have primary materials to be able to deliver that important product, and as always happens in this case, is after one year of suspension, not only you serve the end market demand, but you also doubled down on inventory deals. So there is an inflated demand in the short-term. And finally, we are pleased with the way we are winning business in our early-stage there as well. So across the Board, I believe that PCH is posed for a good year. When you look at the year over the horizon of the last two years, it’s really where it needs to be, mid-to-single digits, clearly because last year was kind of flat. This year looks a little bit higher, but this business is performing now as we expect it to perform.
Alessandro Maselli: Sure. Look, as you can -- I have been always pointing out that the data set of our customers, especially our existing customers in terms of evaluating the current performance is a little bit wider. So -- and as we shared in the script, just to point one example or one side, that you have a CRL, which makes to the news and you have an inspection ending up with the Form 483 [ph] observations in Anagni that does it make it to the news. And we are sharing now that today just for the very purpose of providing a little bit of a more balanced view, which is up to get from the external world, but surely is one that our customers get real time. So when you think about some of those challenges, one, the perspective is a little bit different and the set of information available is already different. According to our quality agreements, we do share with our customers all our regulatory outcomes, include both the ones that are impacting their products and the one that are not impacting the products to provide a perspective on the overall compliance profile of the company. And with regards to the other news, of course, me and the rest of the management team are on the front line all the time and providing perspective of the news that have been coming up in the recent months, including the ones that are coming up today and we are going to be -- is always transparent providing perspective but also reassuring customers that Catalent has been here for decades and will be here for decades to come.
Alessandro Maselli: So, look, I would tell you that, at the moment, we have a pretty sizable capacity in sterile fill and finish. I believe at the moment, I would say that, probably, close to 40% of our capacity in prefilled syringes and we are rapidly increasing that. So I believe that our capacity will become skewed towards prefilled syringes in calendar 2024, and what you should think about is that most of our sterile fill and finish volumes will come from prefilled syringes as we go forward. I just would like to point you out also to the fact that our service does not finish with the filling operations, but we provide also packaging to our customers, we provide auto-injector assembly to our customers. So there are a lot of capacities, which seems to be ancillaries, but are pretty relevant in the overall economics of these franchises, specifically also on the one that you did mention. So we have a pretty large footprint, we are pleased with this coming online, what will be coming online and we believe that with our footprint, we are going to be able to play a major role in these therapeutic areas.
Alessandro Maselli: Thank you. I’d like to thank everyone on the Catalent team for their commitment to our customers and patients, as showcased by the delivery in partnership with our customers Sarepta Therapeutics of the first dose of LFDs gene therapy to a young child in the U.S. who’s suffering from DMD, making a historical milestone in the promise of treating these terrible condition. We remain focused on leading Catalent towards sustainable and profitable growth and increasing the shareholder value and I believe that actions announced today has placed us on a clear path to doing so. Thank you everyone for taking the time to join our call and your continued support of Catalent.
Matti Masanovich: Yeah. So you asked about going from the $714 million of EBITDA 2023 to our -- I will go to the midpoint or approximately midpoint to $720 million. Obviously, as Alessandro pointed in his comments and my comments, we are seeing COVID demand down year-on-year of approximately $0.5 billion and that has a high margin profile attached to it and it leaves behind cost that we have action. So there’s a saving down or from an EBITDA perspective related to that down volume. We are replacing that down volume, as we mentioned, with one of our largest customers in gene therapy, it should be up year-on-year. We talked about some -- one of our facilities that Alessandro mentioned is doing better, which is Brussels and some of the performance underlying Brussels is doing better, as well as Bloomington during the quarter. So those are primarily the biggest pieces and we have got the Biologics other piece, which is growing at a very rapid rate year-over-year.
Matti Masanovich: Yeah. I think that’s fair everything you just said, Alessandro. I mean, I think, at the end of the day, going to a ground up forecast, looking at it, looking at, pulling out any stretch that’s in there, pulling out any items that just don’t have a business or a plan behind it, I think, that’s the critical nature of the forecast and getting on it sooner. It will allow us to identify pockets of underutilization sooner and then we would get after that, get after those pockets of higher utilization. So I think that’s what’s really driving it.
Matti Masanovich: Any upside, none of that is included. So if it does get expanded -- label doesn’t expanded. It’s not included in the forecast.
Matti Masanovich: It’s Matti. We are highly confident in getting to the cost savings number and in the overall cost sooner than that when we get to it from $25 million to $150 million to $170 million that Alessandro outline, which is the cumulative cost savings against the baseline. It’s really got hard actions behind it. So if you think about what’s been done at the company, it’s headcount related, taking down significant numbers of heads, both in the corporate section, as well as some of the underutilized facilities. So we have got that. We do have more work to do, and as we talked about earlier, the Strategic Review Committee will look at -- will be looking at capacity as well, at utilization as well and will be looking -- will be taking it a step further. So there could be more to come.
Matti Masanovich: Well, I mean, I think, right now I wouldn’t say there, maybe it was my phrasing of the ordering, but it is high on the pool. I think from an ease of getting the cash out, I think, in receivables, we have shipped the product. We have an outstanding receivable. They have got to go collect it. So it’s a lot easier to go and get it just as it comes back, comes in quicker. Inventory has to burn it off. You have to utilize it and burn it off and then change your ordering patterns and look at the SIOP process to really get at what I will call the DIOs and the underlying metric of DIOs and bring it down and so I do think there’s a little bit more work to do from an inventory perspective. I do think the company just really hadn’t focused on it to-date as much as they should have and I think when you sit here and look at the inventory balance, I think, it’s a bit loaded, I do think we have an opportunity to take it down, like I said, burning of those inventory balances and bring it down to a more normalized number where it’s sustainable. And I think the idea here is, to your point, the supply chain has leveled out. As I see it, I think, it’s more normalized with some products or they are not clearly fixed, not clearly fixed and we all set stuff on boats. So we have to look at the whole supply chain in totality, but I do believe there’s stencil opportunity sitting here looking at capital in total. And I don’t think there’s going to be a much -- it’s a different team that’s going to be, commercial team is going to be going after receivables. That manufacturing team and the supply chain are going to be going after inventory.
