John Chiminski: Thanks, Monique and welcome, everyone, to our Fiscal 2015 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. We're pleased with our first quarter results, highlighted by double-digit EBITDA growth within 2 of our 3 reporting segments. Additionally, during the quarter, we continued to make strategic investments in our technology platforms to position Catalent for growth and leadership in our addressable markets. I'd like to start my presentation on Slide 6, which highlights our recent key financial and operating accomplishments. Our first quarter 2015 revenue grew 1%, both as reported and in constant currency, to $418.3 million. This performance was, primarily, the result of increased sales from our Oral Technologies segment. Also during the first quarter, we achieved strong double-digit EBITDA growth within our Development & Clinical Services and Medication Delivery Solutions segments. This growth was due both to a mix shift to more profitable products and services and to operating efficiencies, which continues to be a core competency of our leadership team. Our total adjusted EBITDA increased 2% year-over-year to $83.4 million or 19.9% of revenue. On September 9, following our initial public offering, our underwriters fully executed the greenshoe, and Catalent sold an additional 6,375,000 shares of its stock at the initial public offering price, which resulted in additional net proceeds of approximately $124 million. The net proceeds generated from the greenshoe were used to further pay down our senior unsecured term loan. In total, we raised, on a gross basis, over $1 billion through the IPO. Now let me briefly discuss our key operating accomplishments during the quarter. To capitalize on our 20-year experience in roller compaction, we launched OptiPact through our 450,000 square foot facility in Kansas City, Missouri. This integrated service and technology offering will further strengthen our ability to integrate formulation, development, analysis, scale-up and manufacturing capabilities to create differentiated final dosage forms. Additionally, we acquired the remaining stake in Redwood Bioscience and its SMARTag Antibody-Drug Conjugate technology platform, which strengthens our position in the fast-growing biologics market. This acquisition brings to Catalent a highly differentiated technology in the SMARTag platform as well as a high caliber and innovative scientific team. Finally, this afternoon, we also announced our acquisition of Micron Technologies, the leading international provider of particle size engineering technologies. This strategic acquisition allows us to provide an unprecedented set of integrated development solutions and superior drug delivery technologies to the industry, partnering with our customers' R&D teams earlier in the development cycle and helping them deliver better treatments to clinic and to market faster and more efficiently. Additional information on Micron can be found in the supplemental information section of today's presentation. These transactions underline our strategic focus on innovative technologies and further demonstrate our ability to strengthen our position in key growth markets. Now I'd like to turn the call over to our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Matt Walsh. 
John Chiminski: Thanks, Matt. In conclusion, I'd like to add that our first quarter was a great start to our fiscal year 2015. We're proud of our accomplishments to date. We look forward to leveraging our innovative technologies to position Catalent for further growth in fiscal 2015 and beyond. Denise, now we'd like to open the call for questions. 
John Chiminski: And if you don't mind, Matt, I'll just also weigh in here, Tycho, because I do want to reinforce the point that we are not, I would say, subject to changing winds as much as we are making a conscious effort to ensure that we continue to go after a very robust market in the consumer health space. Because it has 2 things that we like a lot: One is, it has less regulatory risk associated with it and it also has market uptake -- less market uptake risks, especially for bigger brands. And as we continue to diversify the portfolio, we see having an improved mix of some consumer health business as part of our advanced delivery technologies is very healthy for the business. So this really is a strategic positioning by the company. From time to time, things come in and out of the pipeline from -- in our perspective and when they hit positive, you feel them. When they don't come in or they go away, you can also feel them. But the steady Eddie flow of strong consumer health business like our Advil franchise is really terrific. So I just would offer that as some additional color that we're just not kind of being -- it's not the changing tides here. A lot of this is strategically being managed by the -- our company to drive improved growth. 
John Chiminski: Well, I'll jump in just to provide some general feedback. I'll start with OptiPact. This is really a roller compaction technology that's been around for a while, but we have a lot of experience and expertise. Specifically, out of our Kansas City facility, we have some very important customers there. I think we -- people have seen the announcement with regards to our relationship that we have with Pharmacyclics. And we also have some other key customers there. And when you take a look at those opportunities, again, I would say that in terms of growth for the company on an annual basis, you can maybe see a pickup of 0.5% to 1% depending on getting business like what we have with Pharmacyclics. So from our standpoint, the way we look at the company, again, is it's massively diversified. So we don't hang our hat on any one product, we don't hang our hat on any one technology. And we don't hang our hat on any one molecule within our pipeline. The whole value of a highly diversified company is the ability to have a suite of technologies, a broad pipeline and a very diversified set of products such that we can grow as those things mature, but we're not subject to the significant risks of any one technology, any one product and so forth. So when I broadly think about OptiPact, I would say that it just continues to strengthen our overall position in the advanced delivery technology space. With regards to Redwood, I would stick with what Matt has said. But only add to the fact that over the next 3 to 5 years, where we're at with this leading technology that is really a second-generation technology for ADCs is that it has met its technical feasibility milestones, which has led to this -- our acquisition. We have further feasibility milestones. We have several customers that we have signed up to this technology. When you sign up customers to these technologies, they usually come with upfront milestones that are in the kind of the low 7-figure kind of range. But then if it proceeds through towards advancing that technology over a 5- to 10-year period, you could have milestone payments that are 10, 10 and 100x that, if you will. I mean, it's very substantial. But again, this is a technology platform. We're early in its development. We were very fortunate to have developed a relationship with them early on through our GPEx technology. And we see this as just a long term value creator and also getting us into the -- much more substantially into the biologics space, where we can help bring more molecules to market faster. 
John Chiminski: I just want to add one another comment with regards to our acquisition strategy. Again, we operate in a highly fragmented marketplace. We're the leader in this space. There's an opportunity for us to continue to do consolidation. We've got a very robust funneling with regards to the 2 transactions that we just discussed, both Redwood as well as Micron. These were both self-sourced strategic deals that we went after. They're not things that come to us through processes. So we have a pretty disciplined management team that goes after assets that we know are going to create significant value for the company. And although we're not talking disclosing the financials, I would tell you that the Micron deal is highly strategic for the company. It exposes us to a large number of molecules much earlier in the development cycle. You'll read in the press releases that the Micron Technologies is really, largely a first step in terms of trying to solve the bioavailability or solubility problem. They try to do that through the micronization of the API. And now, having Micron as part of the Catalent team, there's a large number of molecules that are in their pipeline, over 400. They've got about 200 customers. There's about 100 molecules that they see per year. And again, these are molecules that have solubility issues that would naturally lead into our other technologies of softgel, also of hot melt extrusion which is Catalent's OptiMelt. So I think that is -- as our analysts, you look at these deals, there's a financial component and then there's long-term strategic. And I think the growth of Catalent comes from attaching ourselves to the right -- to as many molecules as possible in that high degree of diversification. And that's what yields that long-term growth. So I don't want to minimize the fact that we're not disclosing the financials, but also make sure that they understand these are highly strategic deals that are done through a self-sourcing process. 
John Chiminski: Well, let me first start off with saying that there's 2 sets of our businesses. There's a Development & Clinical Services business; and then, we have our advanced delivery technologies business. And our Development & Clinical Services business tends to be at higher competitive activity where we see more pricing pressure, if you will. On the other side for the advanced delivery technologies, I would say that given in many cases our unique position and strength in the suite of technologies that we have, that we are not seeing pricing pressure and that we are able to execute on our pricing that is built into our contracts. We are winning good business at -- and again, we don't do a -- have a "cost-plus" model. We have a "what-is-the-value-of-the-molecule-in-the-end-market" model and continue to see some very, very interesting deals on the advanced delivery technologies side. So in that, I would say that we continue to see stability from a pricing standpoint. I think is the most favorable way to say it. We tend to have price up on our advanced delivery technologies. We have more competitive pressure in our Dev-Clin business. It's the nature of business that has less IP and technology associated with it. But no fundamental changes in the structure of how the business works, which I think is really a strength of the business. 
John Chiminski: I just want to add, too, just for additional background here. I mean, when you guys look at the mix of our business, we've got about 44% is prescription. We're not talking about massive -- changing sands or shifts. But certainly as we drive growth, we'd see consumer health as being an interesting area, where both our customers and us see there's a very durable -- long durable, I mean, it's a part of the business that doesn't go generic, if you will. So we're just continuing to make sure that we're not missing out on that growth would probably the best way to say it, while we're not trying to do that at the expense of Rx. We're still going to drive that business as hard as we always have because it's been a terrific part of the business. So I think that's the way you guys should think about it. We're not trying to mute the prescription. We're just trying to make sure we don't miss out on the growth opportunities that are -- avail themselves in the consumer health space. 
John Chiminski: Yes, well, I'll just jump in and see if Matt wants to add any comments. I would say, first of all, like a lot of things in pharma or within Catalent, there is technology, there's IT and then there's know-how. And I would say in this space, there's a lot of know-how. The technology is what's called jet milling. Basically, what you're doing is you're taking an API and you're basically running it through a jet milling process, where the particles collide with each other and ultimately reduced in size. And as I've stated before, it's generally the first step when you have a solubility, bioavailability type problem is, let's just try to make the particle smaller. There's a 25-year history at Micron. They were originally a part of Colorcon, which is a terrific company also. And Micron, if you talk about someone needing to do this, it's kind of like making a Xerox. So I'd say, while we need to have micronized, we're going to Micron. So Micron really almost is the brand, if you will, in this micronization technology. They've got a 25-year history, great track record. This is why they're just well-known in the industry. And it's generally, again, a first stop and kind of the standard, if you will. So less about IP protection, a lot more about brand reputation and know-how. And we see this as a great footprint for potentially some other niche-type acquisitions like this that'll fill that out. But the beauty of this is, it just gets us into that pipeline. We certainly love macro trends that are around Catalent that float the boat higher. But the fact is, we do well when we attach ourselves to molecules that do well. And that's really been our secret sauce of having as many molecules as possible in the pipeline. You guys know, we have about 450 active projects now. If I were to just take a look at Micron, they've got about 400 or 500 molecules that are currently either in commercial or in development with them. And they see about 100 new ones per year. And -- when we were looking at this acquisition, our ability to plug that in to the Catalent system, whether it be anywhere in our advanced delivery technologies, where we can now help them with -- from a formulation standpoint, move it into other technologies such as softgel or hot melt and ultimately do clinical trial supplies for them. So for us, this is like a great feeder system for the company. And so -- although you could probably pick up some of these jet milling machines and start up the business. Again, they've got a great quality and regulatory track record. They're well-known within the industry. When somebody thinks about jet milling, Micron is generally first on the list, proven out by the fact that we are using them for some of our inhalation projects. So we were actually a customer of theirs. And then, we went out and did customer due diligence, all extremely favorable. When we talked about -- asked about particle reduction and what companies that they worked with, of the customers that we did due diligence, I think all, but one of the customers exclusively mentioned Micron. And one customer said Micron. And then, another company, that's called Jetpharma, which is out in Europe. So sorry to be over verbose and effusive, but we're very excited about this. And as you guys look at the long-term potential of the company and how the management team thinks about driving strategic growth, this is right down the fairway for us. 
John Chiminski: No, no. There's DPI, dry powder inhaler, is one application of this, but it's not exclusively for that. They also just, in general, reduce the particles and putting it into another dosage form that's oral. So it's not an inhalation-only technology. It is a first stop towards improving solubility for molecules for multiple routes of entry. 
John Chiminski: If there are no further questions, I'd like -- just like to thank all of you for joining us today. We look forward to updating you again on our next conference call. And thanks a lot for your questions and for your time. 
Matthew Walsh: So addressing Redwood, Ricky, we talked about this as Redwood is a development stage company. The milestones that we'll be tracking will really be in 2 areas. First will be continued scientific progression of the technology as evidenced by technical milestones, all of which have been hit in the early stages -- have been reached, I should say. And what we're looking for on the financial side is continued signing of what will be, at first, small development-type projects with customers that will eventually grow in size as the technology becomes adopted. So -- so that gives you some indication of what technically we're looking for and what economically we're looking for. The time frame here is really 3 to 5 years. And so the business will build slowly from a revenue perspective with individual development projects enumerating in 7 figures -- I'm sorry, 5 -- 5 to 6 figures at first and then growing in size as the technology progresses and customers become more comfortable with it. 
Matthew Walsh: The latter, Ricky. Micron Technologies offers Catalent terrific long-term potential, which I'll talk about in a minute. But just in terms of setting expectations, on a stand-alone basis, Micron is a small company. We're not disclosing their financials nor the purchase price. It just wasn't material to Catalent's overall financial results. But we can think about, just to set expectations, we can think about revenue on the order of 1% of Catalent's total consolidated revenue. And so this -- the potential of the acquisition is really in the future for Catalent and what Micron can become as part of Catalent's global platform. So John had mentioned that the molecules that Micron sees are typically preclinical or Phase I molecules, which complements Catalent's existing business right now very nicely. Most of the molecules that we see are later in the development cycle, Phase III or even beyond. So we will have access to a significant number of molecules and customers at earlier stages, where we can offer them more broadly Catalent's services. So this is terrifically strategic for us, and we're quite excited to begin the integration process. 
Matthew Walsh: There always is, as we -- as our volumes grow during the year and our asset utilization grows, so do the margins. I think the implied margins in our guidance, we still feel quite good about. And that's -- I think our -- the EBITDA revenue and EBITDA margins implied by the guidance are still the indicators that we would be looking for. 
Matthew Walsh: Sure. Our overall adjusted EBITDA margin was pretty steady versus the prior year period, Tycho. And what we saw was solid increases in our margins in Medication Delivery Solutions and Development & Clinical Services. These would be mostly due to the product mix, and I would say largely due to project -- product mix in those 2 reporting segments. Within the Oral Technologies segment, it's mainly due to asset utilization. So we've got some -- Q1 being the lowest volumes of the year, so that did impact the margins of the business as well as this mix shift that we've been talking about towards consumer health. So our overall volumes produced were largely consistent on the consumer health side with improving mix. And it's mainly a volume issue on the prescription side of the Oral Technologies business, within softgel specifically. So hope that's helpful. Within the modified release piece of the Oral Technologies segment, both volume as well as mix was favorable. 
Matthew Walsh: I would say that we'll be earning our way into that transition for really the rest of the FY '15 fiscal year. And I'd mentioned this in previous calls, and I want to make sure that I continue to reinforce it. And that is, as we see our products slate -- and I shouldn't use the word oscillate because that implies a frequency that maybe is faster than what we experience. But our products slate will vary from time to time. And right now, what we're seeing is more of a shift towards consumer health. That's partly what our market is doing. It's partly due to an engineered effort by the company to pursue consumer health business because it tends to be more level. And we can achieve good asset utilization over long periods of time with consumer health business. So I would say, we will certainly be looking at it for the rest of the 2015 fiscal year. And then, we'll have to see how the new product launches size up for FY '16. 
Matthew Walsh: Sure. So starting in modified release, both Zydis as well as controlled release showed a favorable performance year-on-year, and one didn't significantly outrun the other. So they were comparable in their favorability on a year-on-year basis. In terms of our market share within our softgel business, we haven't noticed any significant changes to the marketplace. And we believe that our marketing efforts within the consumer health business will be market share accretive to us and will be likely to -- will be gaining share at our competitors' expense. And we think we've have seen some of that happen already and it should be increasing over the coming quarters. 
Matthew Walsh: Okay. In terms of the MDS business, the lower sales performance year-on-year is really a flu story, and flu is highly seasonal. This is typically a first quarter event for the company. We saw lower flu volumes than we saw last year. And this is really related to overflow decisions that our customers are making. They have productive capacity for flu vaccines internally. And we typically see overflow volumes or some special situation volumes that our customers are managing. We saw less of it this year than we did last year. Since it's always a Q1 phenomena anyway, we wouldn't expect it to have Q2, 3 or 4 impact. So we go back to just the general increasing success we've had at securing sterile injectable business at the site. Our business development efforts have been productive over the last year plus, including Animal Health. So -- And we believe that you'll see that and we'll see that in the latter quarters of the year versus what we saw in Q1. Moving to your question on net debt. Correct, we were at about 4x leverage as of September 30. It's actually quite a bit better than what we were thinking at the time of the IPO, where our goal was to delever down to 4.5x. In terms of where we could see that leverage going for transactions that we believe are strategic, we -- well, as we said in the past, this business has functioned very capably at leverage levels in excess of 6x. Now, that was when we were private. But I would say that this management team would be quite comfortable extending the leverage beyond 5x to maybe something in the range of 5.5x, if the deal was strategic and offered great value for our shareholders, we could see leverage going up into that range. And this is a great lead-in to the last part of your question, which was the transaction landscape as we see our M&A growth program unfolding. Yes, it's true. We've done a couple of small deals here in the first quarter. These are highly strategic deals that position us very well for the future. We're certainly -- we'll certainly do those from time to time without a lot of fanfare. As larger transactions become available to us, we would certainly be looking at those as well, transactions that would be immediately accretive to the shares and would offer, sort of, a step change in our competitive position, we're certainly open to those. So I think to a certain extent, any M&A program tends to be somewhat opportunistic because you do -- you are somewhat limited by the targets that become available. We just happened to have some smaller deals that were compelling opportunities for us that we moved on, but we have a pipeline of opportunities that we're considering that also includes larger transactions. And once again, when these things become more firm, we'll certainly be talking about them, but nothing at this time. 
Matthew Walsh: Sure. So our revenue growth tends to be back-end loaded along with the seasonality of the company. So that's one thing that I would put out there. The other item we should probably enter into this conversation, David, is FX translation, which is impacting a lot of multi-national companies these days. And with Catalent having approximately 65-ish percent of its revenues outside the U.S., we're certainly exposed to the same issue that other multi-nationals are. And I think one of the messages that is an important takeaway is, the company -- a lot of companies are lowering guidance for exactly that reason. Catalent is not doing that. And what we're implicitly saying by holding guidance is that we can offset what is a translation issue with underlying improvements in the overall business. 
Matthew Walsh: Sure. So we are trying to forecast FX rates just like everybody is for the rest of this fiscal year. Our best crystal ball says that on a year-over-year basis, FX translation is impacting us on the order of 3% on the revenue line and the EBITDA line and might be a little bit under 3%. So what we're saying is, we can overcome that and we can still grow just due to the fundamental strength in the underlying manufacturing and sales that we can generate. 
Matthew Walsh: It's related more to interest expense than anything else. And that is mainly the function of mandatory notice periods that we had to wait through before we could use the IPO proceeds to actually reduce the debt. And so this -- we had 30 days to wait on both the senior sub notes as well as the 7 7/8 % notes. And that's where the principal difference is. When you think about the add-backs, all the IPO expenses came in, really, exactly where we thought that they would. And was really, it's just the timing of the debt paydown that drove a Q1 interest expense higher that we won't see for the rest of the year. 
Matthew Walsh: Sure. So this will change from year-to-year. But on average, it's about 15 to 20 percentage points on a variable margin basis. So Rx on average is more profitable than consumer health business on a variable margin basis by about 15 to 20 percentage points. And that is consistent -- and the data we saw coming out of our first quarter close [ph] is consistent with some of the conversations that we've had previously on that. No significant changes. 
Matthew Walsh: The only thing I would add to what John said is, we look at the company very carefully during diligence for their performance on operational and quality excellence. 
Matthew Walsh: And there's not many targets that we look at that meet this high standard that we set for ourselves. Micron does. So in terms of integrating acquisitions, we believe that this will be on the smoother side. And just one other parallel or contrast I would draw when you think about Redwood and a Micron. Redwood, we're talking about a longer cycle to commercial revenues, 3 to 5 years. With something like Micron, we can start integrating with their molecules and their customer base right now. And so we're very excited about the long-term potential for the addition of Micron to improve our ongoing organic growth into the future, and we expect to realize those benefits immediately. It won't be a step change, right. We'll be earning our way into it. But we expect to see positive developments much earlier than in something like a Redwood. 
Matthew Walsh: I would say that our overall outlook for the year is modestly improved versus when we started the year, yes. 
Matthew Walsh: So, I guess, just to reiterate the earlier question with David, anybody's sort of sensible projection of interest expense for the second quarter based on the debt structure that we have as of the end of the first quarter, will yield a number that should be close to what we actually realized in terms of our adjusted net income number, about $23 to 25-ish million of interest expense. So I want to make sure that that's clear. 
Matthew Walsh: I would say that we are seeing some share wins against competitors. We are seeing generally less manufacturing and packaging business being offered, we believe that's to us as well as other competitors in the space. So just as a refresher, Derik, the Clinical Services business, in terms of what we provide end-to-end and what our customers provide end-to-end, it will typically start with things like comparator purchases, where we'll help them secure on a purchasing and logistics basis, comparator drugs for trials, placebo materials, packaging materials, et cetera. We'll manufacture and package all the materials that patients would be taking for the trial. And then, from that point forward, it's a storage, distribution, logistics play. And we see revenues across that spectrum. We provide services across that spectrum. We've seen less manufacturing and packaging versus prior year, but we think our competitors have as well. And so on a share basis, the acquisition of Aptuit made us a more complete end-to-end service provider that has enabled us to compete more competitively and secure market share gains. But we have relatively more manufacturing and packaging capacities than we're able to use right now. Our customers are just going out with fewer quotes we believe. 
