Wetteny Joseph: Sure, Dan. Look, first I would just say we are incredibly proud of the men and women of Catalent throughout our operations working diligently and delivering quality products and services to our customers and patients, and we’re very pleased with our results for fiscal ’20, record results that we have posted and well positioned for solid growth in fiscal 2021. And as both John and I covered during the prepared commentary here, we’ve made even further improvements on our balance sheet and our cash position really support growth both organically and inorganically that we plan for the business. In terms of your question, just as a reminder, we give guidance at the overall company level, which we’ve laid out both in the presentation and our prepared commentary. What I will do is provide a little bit of color in terms of the segments, particularly Biologics, since it’s the focal point of your question, but I won’t go as far as to give specific guidance by segment here as you know in terms of how we’ve consistently done so in the past. Looking at the business, clearly posted significant growth for the entire fiscal year. Just as a reminder, our Biologics business delivered 27% organic top line growth on a year with substantial growth in the fourth quarter. We would expect given the health of the underlying programs that we have, which we’ve talked about development programs being a significant portion of the segment, therefore contributing some more variability from quarter-to-quarter. But nonetheless, the base business, excluding COVID-19 is, I would say healthy set of programs, including our gene therapy and our cell therapy businesses driving significant growth for the business. The COVID-19 programs, the larger ones, are concentrated within our Biologics business, although we have signed programs across all four of our segments, which John alluded to during the prepared commentary. Those would lead to the Biologics business to have, I would say, significant tailwind coming into fiscal 2021, and therefore would be leading the way with respect to the growth that we’ve laid out in the guidance that we’ve just laid out today. So, I won’t go into again specific levels of guidance for the segments, but needless to say, our drug product and drug substance are well positioned, both excluding COVID-19 programs but especially when factoring in the COVID-19 programs. There is one part of your question I wanted to clarify, which is: what happens with any potential successful programs from a regulatory approval perspective? It is not that our guidance does not include any amounts for those programs it is that our guidance factors in take-or-pay contracts within the current fiscal year for programs regardless of whether they are commercially approved. And so, if there is a commercial approval and depending on the volumes for that and the timing of that approval – of such approval, if the demand or volumes are at or lower than the take-or-pay would require, then there would be no further adjustment to our guidance. Should the – should an approval come through and the volume is above the take-or-pay, clearly, that would have potential upside to what we have discussed, all else being equal of course across the business. And so that’s just one clarifying point I want to make around your question in terms of successful – if there is a successful program on that.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. Look, I mean, this is really something that’s more for sponsors. The various companies we are working with, John highlighted work we are doing with various, 3 of the 4, I would say large programs that are being pursued, we are engaged with our sponsors on and the regulatory pathway is really dependent on their work with the regulatory agencies, whether it’s the FDA or others around the world. So, we won’t necessarily comment on that. What I would say is that we are working around the clock both in the U.S. as well as in Europe to ready our capacity and resources and ramping up to be in position to execute and manufacture with the same rigor in terms of quality that we do with every product to deliver when that – and if that time comes.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. So within Softgel and Oral Technologies as we reminded at the beginning of last fiscal year, we did adjust our segments, and so there are some non-Softgel elements in that segment. We are, first of all, very pleased with the growth the business posted in fiscal ‘20. As a reminder, our Softgel business – Softgel and Oral Technologies rather delivered 8% organic growth. Our expectation for the business long term is to be in the 3% to 5% range. So, first thing I would say, SOT is up against some relatively difficult comparison in the prior year. In terms of what we would expect in terms of the fall, what we are actually seeing is to some extent perhaps related to social distancing, etcetera, the cough and cold season, we’re expecting to be a little bit lighter than you would normally see, and that’s what we reflected in our prepared commentary here as far as expectations for the business. Again, the reminder is that long-term we expect 3% to 5% growth for this segment, which has posted well above that in the year which just ended, and we are anticipating some of this headwinds as we described for the current year, and we will look as we execute throughout the year how that goes, but all that’s already factored into our guidance in terms of what we laid out today for the overall company. For CSS, at the onset of the pandemic as customers anticipated lockdowns in various locations, they actually accelerated some of the execution of work, particularly for distribution work to get products out into the clinics for patients. We saw that drive double-digit top line organic growth for the business in our fiscal third quarter. And as we said on the last call, we saw bit of a reversal of that in the fourth quarter. I would say, the business ended better than we anticipated for the fourth quarter and we are starting to see a trend towards more normal levels although not quite at pre-pandemic levels yet. And we also are benefiting from some of the work that the segment is doing on the larger COVID-19 programs as John alluded to in the prepared commentary. So, we are seeing a return to growth in this fiscal year from this segment and we are also as you saw in terms of the backlog and book-to-bill ratios, etcetera, I would say the business is positioned well for future growth given our signings and new business wins that we have recorded in the segment.
Wetteny Joseph: Sure, Dave. First of all, I wouldn’t necessarily draw a – derive a specific correlation to the government stockpiling approach. These are reflecting contracts, although we won’t talk about any specific ones, but overall contracts we have directly with our customers. As I mentioned in terms of our approach for capital deployment, we have either redirected accelerated or otherwise earmarked capacity for our production and we are ramping up resources to do so. And therefore, we want to make sure we protect those capital deployments to make sure that we ensure return from those and have entered into contracts that have certain take-or-pay arrangements for customers that would say we would receive a certain minimum volumes accordingly. And so, those are what we’re alluding to in terms of the COVID-vaccine programs. To the latter part of your question around whether we have additional capacity; first of all, we have 1,100 development programs across the company, across all of our segments that we’re working on and some of which are late fees. There are programs that have recently been launched to commercial that we have commitments with our customers to make sure that we have the capacity – not just in Biologics but elsewhere – to make sure that we’re able to deliver on those commitments. As John alluded to, the Board has recently approved additional capital, not only for gene therapy, but also in our, obviously, base Biologics business, which we will detail in the coming weeks, but also to make sure that either non-COVID related programs, again, that are in our pipeline or otherwise, we have capacity to do or if there are more programs including out of the 100 or so that we are still in active dialog with our customers on, if any of those should be contracted that we will be able to be in position to deliver on the commitments that we’ve made accordingly. So, it’s – we can’t predict exactly what or when, potentially who it may happen. But certainly, we are working throughout our business segments to make sure that we have the capacity to necessarily deliver for customers and patients.
Wetteny Joseph: So, just to clarify my points in terms of how the margins for fiscal ‘20 which just ended, and again, I won’t give specifics in terms of margin expectation for a segment for a given year, but I will repeat what our expectations are overall for the Biologics segment going into the future. When we peer back and look at fiscal ‘20 margins within the segment, there are three main themes that you’re going to see. First, overall margins in the segment declined for the year as we are deploying and expanding in our, particularly from the acquisitions that we have made. As we said at the onset, within our expectations, our cell therapy acquisition is expected to be margin dilutive in the first few years. We expected our Anagni acquisition, which is partly in Biologics, to also be margin dilutive, but clearly strategically important and well-positioned to drive growth in the fiscal year and beyond. And so, we believe long-term, those were the right moves for the business. So, if you parse out the impact of – and not to mention in our Gene Therapy business as we are ramping up significantly, not only CapEx to build out the suites, but also the highly skilled employees that are needed across our Biologics segment in particular to be able to execute on that added capacity and expansion is frontloaded, if you will, ahead of the volumes that they will be executing on. So, those are all deliberate moves that we are making that had an impact on overall margins of the business. If you separate out and look at our organic execution across the business, in Biologics, I would say margins were slightly negative to the tune of about 30 basis points and that’s largely due to component sourcing that we are seeing start to increase in the business as we execute on larger programs, commercial programs. And so component sourcing are materials that we buy on behalf of our customers to go into production, we see that as all else being equal additive to the base services and manufacturing that we do at very high margins for the business and I will get to long-term expectations before I wrap up the answer to this question. And so if you look at our services that we perform excluding component sourcing, margins actually in the segment extended to the tune of about 125 basis points – 125 to 130 basis points expansion if you look at the base Biologics business, excluding acquisitions and including the impact of component sourcing. So, as we go forward, again, we are anticipating both in our base Biologics as well as any potential large volume commercial production for COVID-19 programs, we believe those will potentially come with more component sourcing, which we see that as an additive element again all else being equal adding to both revenue and EBITDA are clearly in the high single-digit margin for component sourcing that will be masking what is – what I just described, which occurred in fiscal ‘20, which is the base business actually expanded its margins over 100 basis points yet the overall margin picture looked like it was negative organically. So, that’s what we are trying to convey. Long-term, the Biologics business, given the complex nature and the premier assets we have in sterile fill/finish, this is a business that can sustain margins again for our core services in the 30% – mid-30s range. That’s our long-term expectation for the business and we are very pleased with the execution on that front and we will continue to take advantage of the opportunity to deliver additional revenues, whether its component sourcing or otherwise albeit masking what underneath is a very healthy margin picture.
Wetteny Joseph: Ricky, this is Wetteny here. In terms of the cadence, we alluded to first half, second half. But I think the core of your question is really in terms of the range. We came out with a wider range than typical. Clearly, we are still in an active pandemic, which remains fluid. As John alluded to in his prepared commentary, we have put a number of actions in place to plan and mitigate any potential issues around our supply chain, but we have to remain somewhat cautious in terms of continuing to execute across those. The other point I would make – two more points, Ricky, on this is, as you saw, our development revenues are an increasing percentage of the overall revenue base, which tend to drive a little bit more variability compared to commercial revenue. So, we do take that into consideration, and particularly in the Biologics segment. Certainly, as we discussed, what we have included here from a COVID-19 program perspective are purely the take-or-pay. So, clearly, that gives a certain level of certainty within the range around our ability to deliver the results that we have highlighted in our guidance range here, but we are also coming off of a year – just to remind you, for overall Catalent for fiscal 2020, organic top line growth was 12%, well above the 6% to 8% range that we have discussed. So, we were off, I would say, against tougher comps. In that regard, we are very pleased to be in position to deliver solid growth again in fiscal ‘21 between 12% and 16%, depending on where you fall on the range. So, we have a wide range for a reason. No point in that range anymore, I would say, higher probability than any other, hence the reason for range. I would say, within the COVID-19-related piece that we highlighted 5% to 7% versus the overall range, they are not necessarily correlated. So, the high end of the COVID-19 range doesn’t necessary correlate to the high end of the overall company range, so we are going to fall anywhere in that regard. The last point I will make, Ricky, is, it’s very – we are not giving any specific estimation to look across 7,000 products that we supply in the market in terms of any potential impact those may have in terms of demand across the marketplace. We discussed the SOT segment in terms of consumer health. We will see little bit of slowdown compared to where the business posted in fiscal ‘20 which are well above the long-term range that we have discussed. So, all of those things are factored into the guidance. And we are still early yet in the fiscal year, so we will continue to look at how the year is executing as we go forward.
Wetteny Joseph: I would say, look, as we have highlighted and John covered, we are doing work across the board, the U.S. and Europe for our sponsors, those companies that we highlighted, plus the ones that we haven’t also specifically put any sort of announcements on. As a reminder, we signed 50 programs both on the therapy side as well as on the vaccine side and those will be global in nature across those. We are doing work in the U.S., for both U.S. and outside the US, as well as in Europe for Europe and outside Europe. So, I would look at those numbers as more global in nature, not necessarily for each and every customer global, but across some of the larger programs.
Wetteny Joseph: Sure. Don, look, certainly, we have listened to our investors in terms of their look on capital structure and debt levels. We have been very pleased with the successful equity raises this past fiscal year and well positioned with the net leverage ratio at 2.8x as we sit today. I also think it’s a reflection of the maturity of the company as we continue to grow and have the ability to execute on organic as well as inorganic opportunities that we are in position to set a long-term target of 3.0x. As in the past, we would take that leverage up to execute on inorganic strategic acquisitions of course, as long as we have visibility into getting back to that long-term target within a certain timeframe, which typically we look to – to be able to be in position to do so within about an 18 months to 24 months period. So, our long-term target at 3.0x, we will pick that up temporarily to execute on strategic acquisitions. Clearly, you can see what that implies to the firepower from where we sit today for any potential inorganic opportunities, but certainly well positioned to execute on the organic ones as well. But we are pleased to be able to take that long-term target down from 3.5xto 3.0x.
Wetteny Joseph: Sure. Look, as John alluded to both this time and last quarter, we had about $5 million in the first thank you bonus round and an incremental $9 million now in this second round of thank you bonuses to our employees. We won’t put specific bounds around what the rest of the cost might be around the network from COVID-19. We have made adjustments to our shifts and work approaches to ensure that our employees are safe and have social distancing between them. Certainly, those have applications. Additional PPE that we are buying and using in execution of our work across the network have an impact as well. But I would say there are some items that go the opposite direction too. For example, less travel and entertainment, means lower cost for those. And in some instances, you may see lower cost of health and welfare too. So, it’s not all going in one direction. I would say the one piece we have quantified is the Thank You bonuses. I would say the rest also would fall in net cost, but there are some offsets as well as I just gave you some examples.
Wetteny Joseph: Sure. Look, first part of your question, Jack, in terms of efficiencies, clearly, we at Catalent have large scale capacity, where we deliver over 70 billion doses a year and various programs depending on the length of runs etcetera., can have positive effects on our margins. The bigger the program, the longer the runs, etcetera, naturally inherently are, so to the extent that we get to a point where we are manufacturing large volumes of any program, whether it’s COVID-19 or not, it would have positive implications. But also keep in mind, there are development activities that we are engaging in currently that don’t necessarily lend themselves to that same level of, I would say, operating throughput. So, I think, on balance, these programs would feel a whole lot like most of the work we are doing in this space versus anything nuanced in that regard. But certainly – but again, if there are certain approvals that drive high level of throughput in a short period of time, those could be beneficial in terms of operating throughput. In terms of investments, acceleration of those, of course, they will have a – we have highlighted the impact it will have on free cash flows etcetera., and that we will be well positioned both to deliver the growth expectations we have across the company, but also across Biologics. As a reminder, for the company, our long-term growth rate is 6% to 8% with Biologics being in the mid-teens in terms of long-term. You have seen us posting numbers above that in fiscal ‘20. And given the tailwind related to the COVID-19 programs and other baseline programs we are doing, our business is positioned well to deliver on those kind of numbers or above. But looking at long-term targets that we have, those are sort of 5-year type targets that we have in terms of long-term. And while we are positioned to deliver as a go-to company here related to COVID-19, in particular, with a very healthy pipeline, 1,100 development programs; certainly, especially while we are still in the midst of a pandemic, it is not the time that we would be taking another look at our long-term target of 6% to 8%, which we believe is well supported given the base assets that we have and the investments that we are making.
John Chiminski: First of all, Juan, what I would say is I won’t give you that level of specificity in terms of the fill/finish capacity, where as we have said – as you mentioned Bloomington, in particular, we now have Bloomington as part of the Catalent family since October 2017 and over that period of the time, we have seen an increase in terms of the utilization of our capacity, whereas initially we were in the 40% range. We have added more shifts to our operations to access that capacity even more so and yet over that time period, we have gone all the way to around 75% utilization of that capacity, but we also, a year and a half ago, announced expansions that are well underway and have actually been accelerated in order to meet the demands for potential commercial volumes for COVID-19 programs. So, we are very pleased with how the business is executing, the progress that we are making on the expansion that will continue to meet our customers’ demands albeit also with various take-or-pay arrangements, that again protect our investment. So, without giving you specific fill/finish capacity, what I would say is, in terms of the commitments we have made to our customers and the pipeline that we have that we are working with of development programs, we are comfortable and confident with our ability to meet those demands, as well as overall growth that we see in the pipeline broadly with respect to Biologics. Let me just add one – a couple of more things. In our prepared commentary we talk about the Anagni facility, which was added to Catalent in the middle of fiscal 2020. As you know, when we buy facilities, which – from pharma, it typically comes with a fair amount of capacity which is why we said we expect the business to be at the lower range of margins initially, but position us well as we add other customers to the facility. And clearly, that’s happening with respect to the programs that we are working on now for COVID-19 specifically, but not exclusively as we continue to pursue additional customers to go into facility. And last but not least, we also announced the addition of fill/finish your product capacity for Limoges, France facility in Biologics. So as you can see, throughout three of our premier centers of excellence across Biologics, we have expansion plans on the way to add capacity to meet customer demands and we will continue to monitor both our pipeline that we have as well as the broader market demand here to make sure we are in position given our premier assets to capitalize on demand from our customers.
John Chiminski: Yes. So, thanks, Jacob, John here. So first of all, I just want to say we have really acquired some premier assets in Paragon and MaSTherCell, really giving us an incredible entry into this very fast-growing area, where literally we are going to be manufacturing miracles. And I am very proud to say that in our Paragon facility, we are the first CDMO approved by the FDA for gene therapy commercial manufacturing. So, I think Catalent is in a terrific position. I also mentioned that Paragon has been in the business of vaccine development and using, I would say, multiple platforms for many years before they focused on the AAV platform. But as we move forward and now that we have the acquisition of MaSTherCell – clearly, the ability for us to get into – to grow our capabilities from a lentivirus standpoint are there, because as you know, for cell therapy, lentivirus is more of a preferred platform. So again, we see the synergies between our gene therapy business and also our cell therapy business. Also, looking very closely at and doing work to develop our own capability for plasmid DNA development and manufacturing, this is a key source component, as you know, for gene therapy. And we clearly have the capability for that in-house and our ability to control that raw material is going to be important. So, I would just say, in general, Catalent has a very robust science and technology roadmap that envisions further expanding our capabilities in the gene and cell therapy areas to include other viral vectors and also include plasmid DNA.
John Chiminski: Thanks, operator and thanks everyone for your questions for taking the time to join our call. I would like to close by reminding you of a few important points. First, the transformative acquisitions we made over the last several years combined with our strategic internal growth investments across the company, let us to deliver double-digit organic revenue growth in fiscal 2020 and also positioned us to forecast another year of double-digit organic revenue growth in fiscal 2021. Next, continuing to build out our world-class Biologics business and integrating the premier assets we have acquired remain a top priority. The COVID-19 pandemic has increased the demand for these offerings and led us to accelerate and reassign some of our CapEx plans to meet these customer and patient needs. We continue to expect strong revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth from our Biologics segment and target the Biologics segment to make up approximately 50% of our total revenues in fiscal 2024 versus approximately one-third of revenue in fiscal 2020. Finally, our mission to develop, manufacture and supply products that help people live better and healthier lives has never been more important. It all starts with our 14,000 employees who live our patient-first culture and have worked hard to carry out the great responsibility we have to maintain business continuity for all those counting on us to deliver, be it for potential COVID-19 vaccine or treatment or the 70 billion doses we produce every year across thousands of our customers or their products. Thank you.
