Matt Walsh: Thanks, Tycho. We are building the pipeline in the ADC business. The deal with Sanofi is similar to ongoing projects that we have with other customers. These are all early stage development type agreements. Revenue would be certainly hundreds of thousands kind of range and it will become more significant we believe over a three to five-year timeframe. So I think the agreement with Sanofi is more significant because we are able to discuss it; then is different than any of the other relationships that we have with the customers that are trialing the technology. Generally these customers like to, like operate at a relatively low level of publicity when they are trialing new technologies. Sanofi is an exception to it, but it does enable us to provide our markets or investors, but all our customers and the healthcare community at large of what our activities are, so we were excited to put the release out there for that reason.
Matt Walsh: No, Tycho, the capital related to our Biologics business was spent primarily last fiscal year – or the capital that we are seeing deployed this year is in our modified release business; in our Development & Clinical Services business as regards our integrated oral supply activities which have been grown nicely, as well as our inhalation franchise. So these can all be terrific long term growers for us and we have been able to deploy capital faster than our initial plans. I would say, there is no budget overruns on any of the key projects - that’s not what's driving it; it’s just, when we start the year, there is always an ambitious slate of projects that were more rate-limited just for engineering resources than we are anything else, but we've just been more successful in achieving the slate of projects that we had a little bit faster. So that’s how I would characterize the modest uptick in the guidance which I think net-net is going to be a positive for us. We're going to be deploying earning assets faster.
Matt Walsh: So, Ricky, I would prefer that we talk about sort of full year. Catalent is a long cycle business. We are able to predict our revenues and traffic over longer time horizon. I mentioned that we are going to see shifting quarter to quarter. And so that's what we are seeing in the second quarter and that we have seen more growth earlier in the year than we had anticipated. If you recall, last year, we saw more of the growth weighted later in the year. And this will happen from time to time. So our thoughts about the full year are consistent. In fact they are up a little, but the timing of quarter to quarter movement is just something that's going to be inconsistent with the way that we manage Catelent, the way we think about it and that's kind of where I'd like to leave that question.
Matt Walsh: So, sometimes that's hard to tell. What I can tell you is, we have seen it pull forward into the second quarter from the second half.
Matt Walsh: When he talks about margin expansion in the business, it has been related to execution of operating leverage principally. While we may talk about product mix shifts within any business over the graph of Catalent, they tend to normalize. And so we talked about margin expansion of 300 basis points in the company generally speaking being available over a five-year timeframe. Our thinking along those line hasn't changed. We happen to have a spike in a quarter, but that doesn't change our longer term outlook on margin expansion due to operating leverage.
Matt Walsh: Well, I wouldn't think about – in answering that question, I wouldn't think about the internal capacity constraints. We are taking a very broad look with respect to acquisitions in our space. The pharma services space is consolidating. Catalent as well as other players in it are active. We believe that there are advantages and shareholder value creation that Catalent is among the more active in the sector. So, what I can tell you, Ricky, is that we have expanded our internal capabilities to execute on M&A. We have an internal corporate development group that is as large as it has ever been and we are very actively looking to grow through acquisition in our space and we don’t see significant limits on that except for those that we might self-impose on ourselves related to the criteria for deals that we will do. We are very disciplined. We understand quite well that return on invested capital is the metric that we should be paying attention to and all deals should be measured against that higher hurdle, the accretions I mentioned. And that would probably be more of a limiter than our balance sheet or available capital or anything, the other considerations that you might think about. The management team here at Catalent had been in place for most of the transformation. John, six years; myself, seven years; and we look at the ELP, we've got the same sort of tenure. So we certainly know our business well, we know the industry well and we know where we can play and win. And we will be, as I said earlier, we'll be actively and are actively looking at acquisition opportunities to grow the company.
Matt Walsh: It would be very low, Derek. We would remind you that Redwood Bioscience is a development stage company, and so its revenue base is small. We talked about, in the last call, Micron being about 1% of Catalent’s consolidated revenues on a run rate basis, and we acquired that halfway through the quarter. So we are talking about minimal contribution from acquisitions for the quarter.
Matt Walsh: Yeah, so I would say that we continue to have confidence in our full year look at the business, which implies that mid single-digit organic revenue growth – I think, it's great that we had a relatively stronger second quarter, and as we discussed in some of the prepared comments some of that’s timing, and so it's not enough to move us off of what our full year thinking is on a constant currency basis. I think the numbers are coming in a little bit stronger, but we still believe that we're quite good at forecasting the business on an annual basis. And this quarter, while good, doesn't motivate us to change that thinking.
Matt Walsh: Sure. I think really the strength in the MDS business is really more related to the blow-fill-seal. We certainly saw strength pretty broadly across this segment, but the driver in the second quarter was more blow-fill-seal than it was injectibles. And what we are seeing in blow-fill-seal is good performance in terms of volume out of the product slate that we have. The products that are due now tend to be our higher margin products. And so not only do we get good asset utilization in an environment like that, but you do get favorable margins just because of the mix. We saw that in blow-fill-seal for the quarter. The other thing that we saw, we alluded to it in the prepared comment, was some contractual activity which resulted in accelerated income for us. So one of the features of our business, which we talk about on a regular basis is the contractual strength that we have because of our proprietary technology platforms. So in the second quarter, we had a contract termination that resulted in accelerated recognition of revenue and cash in the quarter, which drives the timing comment that I made. Now had that contract not terminated, we would have seen revenue and profit shift due to the manufacturing of the product in the third and fourth quarter, so we had some acceleration. It's not a significant driver – or we think only saying by any stretch that drove the performance you saw in MDS, but it was a contributor, and it's one of the factors that's leading us to say, we still like where we are thinking about the business on a full-year basis.
Matt Walsh: Thanks, George. For the first one, we are not in a position to quantify the contract settlement issue precisely because it would -- net net, it would be a difference between what the settlement was and what our forecasted production would have otherwise been, which ends us seeing a low to mid single-digit number in terms of revenue and EBITDA in the millions.
Matt Walsh: And so, when you look at the performance year over year, it's a contributor, but once again not a driver.
Matt Walsh: And the second question related to Sanofi, I would say the entire business right now is a development stage business. And so it has a staff of 14 and it incurs annual operating costs in the mid single-digit millions. And so we don't look at contract performance on a variable basis, we look at what are we working on that moves the technology forward and the milestones that we have set for ourselves. So this is one where we staked out a commitment to this technology, and we are looking at opportunities to develop the technology. And the more opportunities we have with customers like Sanofi, that will be the key determinant to whether this will be a long-term viable business for Catalent. So the notion that we would look at the profitability of a contract is sort of short-term thinking in my view and we are taking a very long-term perspective with where the SMARTag business can go.
Matt Walsh: Yeah, so in our earlier guidance, we were able to absorb the translation impact with the superior performance of the business. But in the back half, especially given the 14% and 10% decline that we mentioned over a six months period covering about $900 million of revenue that’s – the math – that’s the way the math works, Gary. And it is translational only; we are very well balanced on a cash basis. We don't need to move or translate vast amounts of foreign currency from one to another and that’s where we would see actual realized issues within FX and we historically don't see that. So, for example, in our second quarter, which saw a pretty significant weakening of currencies against the dollar, just the way that our cash management is going to work, we actually saw small FX gains on a realized basis. And that tends to be very random because that is generated by timing differences between when invoices are issued and when cash is collected from customers, or when we receive invoices from suppliers and when we pay suppliers. So it really is an FX translation issue. And from where I’m sitting, I have a hard time justifying hedging the translation issue with actual cash resources that the company would deploy. And I’d rather sit here and try and explain to you what the translation issues are and that it doesn't impact us economically and hope that I can do that versus then having to hedge the balance sheet and the P&L so that we can have reported earnings that look more buffered but would cost the company $5, $10 million in cash to produce.
Matt Walsh: Thanks, Gary. I would say that our business development activities in the consumer health space will be seen on a shorter time horizon than what we would experience in the Rx or generic space. But business development activity typically start in the consumer space with a development project tech transfer. So, I would tend to be thinking about next fiscal year, seeing the impact to commercial revenues as the – as voluntarily pursuing more consumer health business. It’s not a current fiscal year impact that we would see. And the only other thing I would point out is, we are generally known as a softgel company. But when you look at the growth that we produce in the quarter and on a year-to-date basis, mainly in all of our other technology platforms which I think speaks to the diversity of the business and all the things that we were talking about when we were introducing the company to our new shareholder.
Matt Walsh: The way that we see the generic versus Rx landscape, John, it’s pretty balanced. We had mentioned that for any Rx products, branded products that we have, we are not precluded from working on the generic, and we often do and we are doing more of it and that will help buffer us from any volume downside that we might see in our branded portfolio. But in our current view of the landscape, there is nothing that need a lever in the Rx to generic activity that we might see. We see a balance between pluses and minuses.
Matt Walsh: We think on a long-term basis, this plays well for Catalent. The U.S. has always been a very high compliance environment. We are clearly inspected by the FDA and when they come in to our sites, it’s not a one-day inspection, it’s a week and sometimes more. And it’s a through, soup to nuts examination that we receive. Other countries are getting more and more stringent, so the global regulatory and compliance environment is getting tougher, it’s getting more expensive. That will accrue benefits for the folks with the bigger platforms, as we’ve got the resources to be able to comply. And we believe that as tough as it is for all companies to make the increase in shrinking guidelines, we believe we are better positioned than smaller, less well capitalized companies to be successful.
Matt Walsh: There hasn’t been any significant changes, John, since the pre-IPO marketing period and the kind of descriptive information that we have out there whether it’s in the F1 or any of our Ks - nothing significant. The observation we would have is that the OTC business and the vitamins, minerals supplement side of the business tends to be, faster the market for us and as we pursue – I mean we are pursuing all of the prescription and generic business we have.
Matt Walsh: And so, we sell out our marketing activities with, now increasing amount of concentration on the OTC and DMS space. That business can be faster onboarded. That said, I would go back to the earlier answer I gave noting that it’s probably not an FY 2015 impact that we would see because there is still tech transfer work and commercialization work that precedes the actual introduction and filling of supply chains, which results in commercial revenue for us. So this is more of a FY 2016 phenomenon versus 2015.
Matt Walsh: Well, the way we think about it, there is large volume of customer demand that we had in the regions that are right now not doing so well versus the dollar, but we have productive capacity, sales and marketing infrastructure in those countries. And as long as we are – as long as the economies are not hyperinflationary and we have enough inventory of cash, which is an inventoriable commodity just like anything else, in my view. We can operate economically at a point where we can still generate returns on capital that can be commensurate with our prior performance than what we would deem as attractive. So I don’t see that changing in the near-term – and I know what you are talking about, John, right. And you’ve got some people out there predicting that parity between the euro and the dollar at some point, whether it’s in FY 2015 – whether it’s in the 2015 calendar year or 2016 – that wouldn’t cause us to change much because what we are making in the euro region, we are selling in the euro region.
Matt Walsh: Generally speaking, we are not moving that much material, what for us would be currency bonus if you will.
Matt Walsh: I would say that that kind of arbitrage, if that's the word, could potentially happen at the margin, but it wouldn’t be something that drives the business because there are compliance documents in place that dictate that we are going to make product A in facility X and...
Matt Walsh: So, we are as you speak actively triaging their portfolio and we are portioning it according to the technology platforms that are most applicable for each molecule. We're deploying business development resources as we speak. We didn’t really have any revenue contribution specifically for the quarter, David. And I think if you think about timing of this, we will start to see development revenue first from the cross-selling opportunity and those will occur probably toward the end of the second half and will be stronger in FY '16.
Matt Walsh: It would be a combination. We would see some analytical and formulation and development revenue in analytical, but we would also see it within our long cycle businesses, who have their own and very specific formulation and development resources, which are specifically geared towards generating commercial revenues and having long-term contracts in products that would be in the portfolio for many, many years. So we'll actually pursue it both ways and that – so it gives us sort of two ways to win when we think about cross-selling with Micron.
Matt Walsh: Those are revenue generating activities for us. Those scientists are doing scientific work on a fee-for-service basis. And that is the number that we actually disclosed. I disclosed it my prepared comments and we will be doing it on a year-to-date basis. So, for example, I’ll just review with you, we had $62 million of formulation and development revenue in the long cycle businesses and it’s actually up 32% over prior year, none of that is from the Micron yet. But I would tell you that in our rack and stack across the industry and the formulation and development revenues that we get between our Dev and Clinical segment and what’s embedded in our long cycle segment, Catalent is number one in the industry in terms of formulation and development revenue and solving those customer challenges, which can be very difficult with a proprietary platform. I’m sorry for the sales picture, I guess I have to let you know that.
Matt Walsh: We would expect it to accelerate. Our second quarter performance was on the low side of what we expected. And I think that we expect it to accelerate in the second half of the year. And it would need to be in excess of 1.0 for us to be able to achieve the kind of growth that we want to achieve in the business. And for this quarter, we’re just down on the low side. But this will happen from time to time especially because there are certain core enigma -- you know this very well David from your coverage of the CROs, sometimes things that you put into your portfolio in prior quarters and maybe large signs, the customer just cancels the contract and then the project goes nowhere and it draws down your net and business volumes and we had a little more of that than we expected to see
Matt Walsh: We’ve got a broad and diverse, David. And the combination of customer order pattern and how the products are due in the market, sometimes clouds my crystal ball, if you will, and can result in short-term changes. But generally, level out over time. It’s really the best explanation I can provide.
Matt Walsh: There is a possibility of that happening. There can always be shifts of business either into or out of the quarter depending on, as I said, the end market demand for these products or supply chain considerations of our customers. So, in the long run, Catalent sells medicine to patients, right, and there are people in the middle. In the short run, we sell to our customer’s supply chain.
Matt Walsh: That will depend on how many days of inventory our customers have in their supply chains for the products that we are selling. And that difference [ph] driven product and even for a consistent product, our customers need to change that quarter-to-quarter depending upon their view of – their reading of IMS and other data. And so it’s a very difficult question for me to answer, even if I were to try and take a broad average, let’s say, for example, at time zero there is some uptick in IMS script trends that’s imperial when does that – when can you see that – learning Catalent’s number, it’s a function of all the 7,000 products that we have and the supply chain strategy for each of them and it’s difficult for me to be here to be able to come up with an answer that you would find useful, John. I don’t if Cornell has anything to add.
Matt Walsh: I would say, John, that if we are at 1.1x, 1.2x in that range, this is something that will result in the kind of growth that we believe the business of capable of, which is mid to high single-digit. We believe that correlation exist.
Matt Walsh: Our long-term perspective on the business haven’t changed. We happen to have a great quarter. We are happy that we did. But it doesn’t cause us to move our long-term thinking about the business.
