Alessandro Maselli: Covering the second part of your question a little bit more in detail, across all the offerings in Biologics, we still have a number of assets which are not used for COVID response, which are in high demand and will continue to be expanded in capacity over the next three years. It is in drug substance, in gene therapy, cell therapy, and drug product specifically with regard to our prefilled syringes. So, we feel comfortable that we have enough assets which will come online with very good demand profile, which will continue to help growing the business at projected rates.
Alessandro Maselli: Look, we are not providing here any specific updates about the timeline to these. I can only share that we have deployed a significant amount of resources, internal and external experts, as in my comments to these. I can confirm that we're only going to restart this facility where we are satisfied, meeting with the highest standards of quality and compliance. The investment is ongoing. It did require some engineering changes to the ash filtration system, which are ongoing. But I will fall short from providing the specifics about this one.  With regards of your second question and on the 483s in this specific facility, we take all these observations very, very seriously, some of them are more related to the procedures or some practices that can be corrected with the ongoing production. Some others, like in this case, rise to a point where you need to stop production for a period of time to implement some changes, especially when it comes to facilities that have been running for a while. So, I believe that the response of the company has always been very, very thorough in collaboration with all the regulatory agencies. For each of those we've been in contact, we have responded that and we have brought those observations to our conclusion with the satisfaction of regulators.
Alessandro Maselli: So, with the first part of the question, look, we, of course, plan, work very, very hard and strive not to have these situations and we expect from us, surely, the highest level of excellence. However, we all need to appreciate the tough customers, specifically. They have way more data points than just one 483. They experience and observe the performance of Catalent and our values, first and foremost, the patient first, in action every day with our work and our deliveries. So, I believe that our customers have way more information and data points to make data valuation. And as such, we have not experienced any slowdown in our commercial activity on any impact there. And in fact, I can confirm that the demand and request for Catalent services is as high as it's ever been. 
Alessandro Maselli: Absolutely. Look, I wouldn't call them as necessarily non-COVID customers. I will call them non-COVID product. They might be with the same COVID customers. And, in fact, I do believe that's the most likely scenario where those partnerships, which, again, be said in a way that create partnership and collaboration across the spectrum of the pipeline and not necessarily on these specific products. I believe that we're going to continue to give customers priority to access these lines. I'm going to continue to underline and underscore that these type of assets, specifically fill-and-finish lines, under isolator are in very high demand. There is not enough capacity still in the world to support the current volumes and the future pipeline. More importantly, to prefilled syringes. So, there is demand, there is a line of customers wanting to access and I do believe we will continue to give priority to our partners, which we have developed such a strategic relationship through the COVID pandemic response. So, we hope these addresses your question.
Alessandro Maselli: As I shared a few weeks ago, maybe these went a little bit under the radar. But we have secured a number of facilities from the operating arm of one of our clients in the Baltimore facility, which we're not necessarily using for the current platform. We have dedicated these facilities to development of some of the platforms that you're referring to, namely oncolytic viruses, which, again, is one of the strategic modalities for some significant patient populations, which we see as attractive in the future.  The other one that we are really working hard on is the plasmid DNA. We continue to see huge interest and demand from customers. The reality is that this is, at the moment, a capacity constrained environment. And the new platforms that have been validated through the pandemic, primarily messenger RNA, make a large use of those products. So, some of that are – we do have the infrastructure. They are not material, in full disclosure, at this point in time in the overall mass of the company, but I do believe they will become at some point material and I expect that, in the years to come, we're going to talk more about the contribution of plasmid DNA in some of these platforms you're referring to.
Alessandro Maselli: Some of the areas that would be obvious to you, all the areas of biomanufacturing clearly is in high demand. Just let me remind you that, in that area, we serve both commercial products, but also the R&D pipeline. In those, the new modalities, the pipeline is not only increasing that we show in our presentation, but it's also maturing, meaning that more and more assets are moving to the later stage. And when it comes to CDMO services specifically, there is more opportunity for us to generate revenues in the later stage of the pipeline as opposed to the early stage of the pipeline. So, that's for sure is creating some interesting dynamics to us.  I will tell you the clinical service business, it's been an interesting one because, yes, there were a couple of dynamics during the pandemic where some studies were closed or slowed down because of the inability to recruit patients and patient go into clinics. But on the other hand, you had the large studies for vaccine which offsetted, for us, the effect. Now, this is a little bit going backward, but the studies are picking up steam again. So, we are seeing very, very good commercial wins in that area, which are a good proxy for the future revenues to invest in those businesses. There is still a little bit of a lingering effect, I would say, of the pandemic around the consumer health business. This is primarily with the Q2 commentary. Although I have to tell you that in the last few weeks, we've seen some good movement there with some historical products, large products and brands that we serve in consumer health which are going back to historical demand. And in fact, in some cases, regaining a little bit of stock will create a temporary effect of increased demand.  So, with regards to our pharmaceutical services in filling more the small molecules, look, we are very, very mindful and purposefully serving small molecules, not making the volume play, but the technology play, moving after those diseases and unmet needs which are still being targeted by small molecules. And that is an area that not only today is giving us, especially for our early stage assets, good demand, but we see that trends are continuing into the next few years.
Alessandro Maselli: Look, it's a little bit variable across the network. What I can tell you, surely, you can expect our drug product assets, primarily vial, to run at very high capacity utilization rates. It should be at 24/7 rates. I believe that it's a moving pattern because, as we shared, we have a significant capacity coming online during this calendar year. So, as you think about it, that capacity will continue to come online. And the capacity utilization, the one that you calculate as some real deep when this capacity comes online.  So, I would tell you that, in the drug substance, that we have fairly high utilization, but there is still ability for us to continue to sell more. We have very recently coming online two additional stream in our Madison facility and we are doubling down in our biomanufacturing footprint in Baltimore, which now will go from 10 to 18 fleets, which are going to be very flexible and very helpful to continue to serve biomanufacturing in the space.  Clearly, there are some early moves that we do routinely in some areas which we see attractive in the mid to long term, like cell therapies, like plasmid DNA, like oncolytic viruses, lentiviruses, the other areas in inhalation where we decide because it makes sense to enter into this space in these platforms organically as opposed to pay a high premium on an acquisition. And those, for a period of time, could be a little bit dilutive, but we are okay with that because, in the overall scheme of things, the capital deployment is still way more efficient than just straight on acquisition [indiscernible]. Probably this is the best way I can describe, across the board, the dynamic of capacity utilization by the impact of margin.
Alessandro Maselli: The only thing I would add there, John, is look, our job is to try to figure out not only where there is demand, but where, over time, the balance of supply versus demand is growing. And we do believe that, in the sub-5,000 liters, there is more opportunity that the supply versus demand profile will stay healthy for a longer time for CDMOs.
Alessandro Maselli: The intervention that is mostly requiring pausing production, as we said, is on the air filtration system. That does require a very comprehensive approach around the filling operation of the site. Cleaning a site like that one, there are many other activities when it comes to commercial operations and other [indiscernible] activities and ancillary activities. So, there is still quite an intense level of activities, including the remediation activities, so it's not like completely paused. It's just that in order to address the HEPA remediation and to the extent we're doing that, that requires the filling operation to be paused for a period of time.
Alessandro Maselli: One point I'm going to add is a little bit clarifying the profiles of customers, right? So, while in the early stage services that we provide, we tend to have, in the mix, much more biotech customers, which, as John clarified, don't have internal capacity and the desire on CDMOs to progress assets through the clinics. And the support we provide goes well beyond just the manufacturing clinical material with additional services and everything that is required by the CMC. But when it comes to more late-stage assets, we have a very good mix also of large clients which are interested in our capacity, which are less depending, so to speak, of external funding because they have already commercial products out there. We feel good about the overall dynamics, but we also feel good about the mix of the customers that we serve. 
Alessandro Maselli: Look, I would just stress what Tom said around the opportunity from an operational excellence standpoint that basically is running 24/7, which we are very rapidly implementing, given the high demand, very high demand that we're experiencing. And the only way to respond in the short term is to increase the utilization rates of the asset. That's one element of it. But we do see also incredible opportunities from an operational excellence standpoint, applying the Catalent playbook to these assets. So, more to come on this point.
Alessandro Maselli: Look, I believe that we've got to make sure that we factor into the picture of the vaccines the global demand and not only the Western world. Some of your comments around preferred vaccine are surely applicable to the rest of the world. There is still a significant number of countries which are probably relying more on less obvious vaccine, given the ability to supply enough quantities. And so, I would tell you, we haven't seen a significant softening of demand across the board on any of the vaccines that we serve. With regards of therapeutics, we have a number of them. We continue to serve them. And those are the ones that more – depending on the variant of interest and the different mutations, will continue to be updated as the times go by. We do expect that, on the therapeutic front, there will continue to be ongoing demand to try to protect the ongoing population which will just not get vaccinated.
Alessandro Maselli: No, look, it's going to come down. There is no doubt about it. The settings there for the vaccine are going more toward physicians and GPs. And again, I need to caveat my response with the Western world, meaning the countries which have the higher vaccination rates during the pandemic should be now have different settings for administration of vaccines. And we are already doing several projects to either grow to lower counts per vial, but also to previous ranges, which will be, by definition, a single dose presentations. So, the move is going directly in that direction.
Thomas Castellano: ' And in terms of your question, Tejas, related to the financial impact, this goes back to one of the core strengths of the company, which is the diversification of the portfolio. We operate over 50 sites across the globe, manufacturing over 7,000 products across 1,000 different customers. So, the size of Catalent's battleship, if you will, gives us the ability to absorb these types of normal course challenges that come up from time to time when you operate in a highly regulated space. So, the answer to your question, we have been able to absorb this. We said from the start that this was not a material, financial contributor, or impact for the company. And I think that's seen by the robust guidance we put forth here for the remainder of the fiscal year. 
Thomas Castellano: That's a level of granularity, Tejas, that we don't disclose. We don't talk about contribution from individual plants across the network. We did want to just highlight the fact that we will see some additional costs here as a result of the remediation efforts that will have an adverse impact in the margin profile of the business in the second half of the year, primarily in the third quarter. However, as I said, that's all already contemplated in the robust guidance that we put forth. 
Thomas Castellano: First, I would say the FX headwinds are not having an impact on the margin profile of the business. We're seeing the strengthening dollar impact, both the top and bottom line at similar levels here. So, no impact related to that.  We are assuming, as you mentioned, over 100 basis points of margin expansion at the midpoint of the range. We're certainly seeing the Bettera contribution help pull off the margin profiles in the SOT business. We mentioned that's a business that our EBITDA margins are operating closer to that of Biologics than that of the SOT business where it is today. But also the recovery efforts that we're seeing in terms of moving closer to pre-pandemic levels within SOT and OSD and there's the corresponding increase in utilization levels we're seeing in those facilities as a result of those volume upticks are contributing to the margin expansion profile that we're seeing in that business.  Biologics is the only segment where we saw some margin pressure, and that's really primarily attributable to the mix issue and the component sourcing dynamic, which I talked about in detail through my prepared remarks. And I would expect that the margin profile of Biologics continues to be a modest drag for us in the second half of the year, especially now with the inclusion of the remediation related costs associated with the 483 out of the Brussels facility. And the CSS business, I would say, it's a margin accretive business. We continue to see EBITDA levels that are growing faster than the top line in that business. And I would expect that dynamic to contribute in the second half of the fiscal year as well. So, it really comes down to the inclusion of Bettera and the recovery within SOT and OSD that are going to help drive the margin profile higher here for us and offset some of the headwinds we're seeing within Biologics.
Thomas Castellano: We've talked about an elevated level of CapEx. Obviously, in fiscal 2022, we'll be spending about 15% to 16% of sales, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks. That's closely aligned to what we spent in the prior year as well. To remind folks, I would say the more normal levels of capital spend for us is somewhere in the 8% to 10% of sales basis annually. I don't know that we get back to that level in the fiscal 2023 year, but I would expect us to start to gravitate more closely to that. So, I think we remain elevated above the 8% to 10% levels within the next one to two years, but probably not quite at the 15% to 16% level. So, we're not assuming in our plan that 15% to 16% of sales, John, is the new normal level of CapEx spend that we will be spending annually. However, it will likely stay above the 8% to 10% for the next several years.
Thomas Castellano: No, I would just say that we were very prescriptive in our prepared remarks, John, related to a more normalized growth rate expected for our Biologics business in the second half of the year.  As we think about the timing over the last six quarters or so in terms of when COVID vaccine production really started to run up close to peak volumes, it was in the second half of our fiscal 2021. The third quarter was when we brought online one of the dedicated bio lines in the prior year. So, the fact that we saw very high levels of COVID-related contributions in Q3 and Q4 of fiscal 2021, we're now expected to see more normalized growth within the Biologics segment in Q3 and Q4 in fiscal 2022 in comparison to those prior-year quarters. We did highlight the Brussels remediation effort. I would say that's more of an impact, given the costs related to remediation on the margin than it is on the top line. And I think that's pretty much the story here as we think about it. And we did also note the comparative sourcing dynamics we saw in the first and second quarter of this year when compared to prior year. And given we had very high levels of COVID volumes in the second half of last year, the comparative sourcing should be a material contributor to the top line from a growth standpoint in Q3 and Q4, given, again, that that was already part of the story in the second half of the prior year.  So, that's really what I can provide here in terms of the dynamics we're seeing within Biologics as we enter the second half of the fiscal year and seeing growth return to that more normalized level that we would expect.
Thomas Castellano: I don't know that we talked about the growth rate of that business in particular, maybe talking about the overall market dynamics being very robust there from a cell and gene therapy perspective on the heels of John's comments here. But, John, we don't provide growth rate specificity down to the individual subsegment lines, like cell and gene therapy or drug substance or drug product. I will say this is a business that has been growing nicely, will continue to grow, but we've certainly not disclosed anything in terms of what that growth rate looks like on a percentage or absolute dollar basis.
Thomas Castellano: Your back-of-the-envelope math is correct. I will say, longer term, we view the margins of this business as being closer to Biologics, as I mentioned. This is the first quarter in which we operated the asset. That deal closed for us on October 1. There were several, I would say, integration-related costs that we needed to deploy into the business. This was a business that was not operated at the levels of a public company. A lot of back office-related, I would say, investments we needed to make here to align it to Catalent. But as we sit here and think about the business and the potential that we see here, not only do we see very robust levels of growth in the 20-plus-percent range, but there's improvements that we can make, given our expertise in terms of running manufacturing facilities to these assets that will help drive further margin expansion down the road here.  So, I would say that the mid-20% range that we saw here, give or take a couple of hundred basis points in either direction, is probably the near-term view there. But like we said, we do have line of sight to this business contributing EBITDA margins very close to that of the Biologics segment.
Thomas Castellano: No, I would say we were expecting to be close to the levels through the first half of the year. We see a step-up in our EBITDA contributions in the back half. We do expect, if you look at us historically, seeing the bulk of our free cash flow generation coming from our third and fourth fiscal quarters. I will say maybe we were perhaps a little bit behind here and it's mainly related to just inventory. If you look at working capital inventory as an area that we, I would say, intentionally have used to make sure we hedge against some of the supply chain-related challenges that we see across the industry, I would have hoped that we would have started to see some of those challenges alleviate here in the second quarter. We have it. We've been able to be a little bit, I would say, more cautious around inventory, but we haven't made the improvements that we expect to see in the fiscal year yet. I will say, as we enter the back half of the year, this is going to be something we continue to look at here. I will not expect inventory to continue to be something that increases for us. So, it's going to come down to how quickly can we get through some of the inventory we have and have the comfort that we can run at lower levels of safety stock around some of our key materials. So, that's really the big dynamic of the free cash flow, Evan, as you look at this. I will say we continue to drive the business toward what we believe will be a positive free cash flow year, which will be a nice improvement from what we saw in fiscal 2021. But we're not out of the woods just yet around these inventory-related challenges and it continues to be a little bit of a free cash flow headwind. But I wouldn't expect any material change as a result of the Brussels remediation 483 to have a meaningful impact on free cash flow.
Thomas Castellano: I just want to add one quick point of clarification here, Jack. I know you probably know this, but the 2022 dose number that we talked about at J.P. Morgan is a calendar year 2022 estimate. And it really was not meant for modeling purposes here. It was to speak to the role that Catalent has played and continues to play in the pandemic. But, again, not for financial modeling purposes.
John Chiminski: First of all, we couldn't be more excited about our acquisition of Bettera. It's really come out of the gate incredibly strong. As you know, we have relationships with all the large consumer health companies, and I honestly would tell you the phone is a little bit ringing off the hook. They have really some great technology, great taste profile, great overall slate of products that they're developing, and you plug that now into Catalent, and we have the ability to really turbocharge that overall effort, specifically on the capacity expansion piece. I will tell you that we came out of the gate with a business plan on Bettera already planning to spend significant CapEx there to expand capacity. The current demand/supply imbalance says, for us, to quickly expand capacity. Literally, if we could double our footprint right now with regards to our manufacturing capacity, we could sell it all. So, we have some very aggressive plans in terms of CapEx expansions.  With our new Bettera team, we're hiring significant amount of individuals. We're taking the Catalent playbook of operations and processes, already expanding where we can from an operational standpoint in terms of increasing the 24/7 operations where we can in certain facilities. We have CapEx expansions already deployed. And I can share with you, at our board meeting that we had just last week, we had a specific section around Bettera and how we are going to significantly multiply the EBITDA of that business over the next few years. So, we're very excited about the space, the strong interest and demand and really how Catalent can turbocharge the effort given our strong position and franchises that we have in consumer health area.
John Chiminski: John, let me just add a little bit of color here. First of all, I would say that Catalent has done an excellent job staying ahead of capacity that's needed in the industry. So, we've been very astute at understanding where we can get a really quick and excellent payback on capacity investments, and certainly, what we've been doing in biologics, which is across biotherapeutics, which is a drug product, drug substance, but also in our gene and cell therapy business. Again, we see terrific ability to be number 1 in those spaces, specifically for cell and gene therapy from a CDMO standpoint, as well as to have the capacity that our customers need, which, by the way, is what kind of really made us the go-to player, if you will, during COVID with regards to vaccines and therapies because we have much coveted capacity that our customers wanted and needed, specifically the high technology of under isolator drug product, filling assets that Catalent was putting online and was able to secure even through the pandemic.  The next thing that I'll tell you is that although, as Tom says, we would expect an 8% to 10% more normal run rate for the business, the cycle of the business is as follows. We find a great adjacency from an inorganic standpoint or an area where maybe geographically we want to improve our position. And then, when we buy that asset, get our hands on that asset, we then deploy significant CapEx against it to drive it organically, as I was just mentioning, that we'll be doing with Bettera. So, assuming that we don't have any significant M&A, I would expect us to get to that 8% to 10% and continuing to drive significant organic growth through our CapEx platform, I would say, which is the businesses that we've acquired or put in place. But if we do continue to get into some other adjacencies or new assets, let's say, in Europe specifically for drug product and drug substance, you'd expect us to then quickly follow on with some additional CapEx. So, it really depends on the M&A profile, the assets that we get that will determine how quickly we kind of get to that, I would say, normal spend level of 8% to 10%.  But, hopefully, that provides you a little bit of a color. And, John, having followed us for a long time, you probably see that play out in the financials.
John Chiminski: Look, we've always stated that our strategy is really in that sub-5,000 liter category for drug substance. 70% of the molecules that are in the pipeline, if they go commercial, are going to require 5,000 liters or less of drug substance capacity. So, we really feel that we've carved out a really nice area here and we'll continue to invest in the sub-5,000 single use. I will tell you that we'd like to have more assets in Europe for a drug substance, drug product. We announced that we're going to be doing a $100 million expansion in drug substance in our Anagni facility in Italy. So, we'll continue to go after that. But we really feel that our place in the drug substance area is really in that sub-5,000 liter. There's a tremendous amount of biotechs in the small and medium size that are going after, I would say, indications that have smaller populations. And then, we combine that with that one bio offering that I talked about in our prepared comments and now we can take them basically from our cell line expression technology, drug substance, all the way through drug product and clinical supply. So, I think we've really carved out a great area here where Catalent is building a terrific brand reputation.
John Chiminski: First of all, we remain extremely enthusiastic about the cell and gene therapy space. Not just from an overall, enthusiastic about its ability to literally solve diseases or cure cancers, but the fact that there is significant demand out there. And when you take a look at gene therapy and pipeline expansion, you can see that it's going to grow about 3.5 times over the next five years, going from about 850 programs to about 2,900 from our data.  And then, if you take a look at cell therapy, which, again, is an area that we've gotten into much earlier than we normally do, I would say in an innovation technology investment cycle, that's growing. It has more assets today with about 1,500 pipeline programs. We see that growing also at about 3 times to 4,700.  Both of these areas lend themselves extremely well to CDMOs. If you take a look at gene therapy, a lot of the assets are coming from small and mid-sized companies that really do not have the firepower to deploy $150 million, $200 million or even more to putting in place the manufacturing assets necessary for the gene therapy. That assumes that their asset is successful. And if their asset is successful, they will cure patients and then have much lower demand and, ultimately, idling those assets. So, from a gene therapy standpoint, right now, our estimate is about 70% of that whole category is outsourced and we only see that increasing over time.  We've made significant investments into this area when we acquired Paragon. We had two commercial manufacturing suites. We immediately invested, which is basically Catalent's modus operandi, which is we invested to take that up to 10 suites. And since then, we now have 10 suites up and running. We announced another 5 suites and have now appended on to that an additional 3 for a total of 18 suites that we'll have from a commercial manufacturing once they're all up and running. And again, very robust pipelines there.  On a cell therapy standpoint, I'm as enthusiastic, if not even more enthusiastic, about the cell therapy space. I think over the next 10 years, this could move from a third or second line of treatment to a first line of treatment, especially if we have some successes in the autologous area. And Catalent has put together quite a significant campus in Gosselies, Belgium. We initially started off with the MaSTherCell acquisition that had our assets in – it had an asset in Gosselies and also in Houston. And in the Gosselies area, we've made multiple acquisitions, whether they be business or asset related, plus significant CapEx that's going to be putting in place a facility that will be able to be used for both autologous and allogeneic . So, I would say we remain very bullish both on the gene and cell therapy area. I will proffer that Catalent will be the number 1 CDMO by far, if they're not already, from a gene and cell therapy standpoint and we're going to continue to invest in that area.
John Chiminski: Maybe one last comment. We've made this before. It's important to note that Catalent is not paid on a dose level, we're paid on a fill, whether it's prefilled syringe, whether it's a vial, whether it's 14 doses, 5 doses per vial, we're paid for that vial. So, in some sense, when you move down to fewer doses per vial, the economics for us can be flat to improving depending on where it's going. So it's just something I'm continuing to mention.
John Chiminski: I would just tell you that drug product remains in extremely high demand across the board. Certainly, the pandemic and the use of those assets for vaccines has really increased their utilization in a significant way. I think Catalent was really very forward-thinking when we put place our investment plans for drug product assets. And then, even during the pandemic, we were able to get our hands on and secure some additional drug product overall assets. The pipeline, outside of vaccines, remains very robust again for drug product and you're going to see a lot more demand, specifically in the prefilled syringe area, especially with some high-profile blockbuster drugs that are going to these prefilled syringe formats. So, it's really an area that has seen robust growth. I think Catalent has positioned ourselves very well. Our early acquisition of Cook Pharmica and the follow-on investments that we've made there have been absolutely fantastic, making it one of the most strategic North American assets for the COVID vaccine solution, but also for future drug product filling. And then also, our acquiring the asset from BMS, the Anagni facility, which we're continuing on with follow-on investments there, is significant. So, I would see Catalent continuing to make both organic investments from a CapEx standpoint as well as identifying additional inorganic assets that we can use to serve this very, very robust pipeline.
John Chiminski: Thanks, operator. And thanks, everyone, for your questions and for taking your time to join our call. I'd like to close by highlighting a few key points. The trajectory of Catalent is strong, as shown by our ability to confidently provide robust projected growth targets for fiscal 2026. We're able to do this because of the strategy we have in place, the skilled team of dedicated employees that execute this strategy and the patient-first culture that is foundational to our long-term success. We're also encouraged by the many drivers of growth for the CDMO industry, allowing Catalent to expand into new therapeutic areas or modalities and to enable new opportunities for partnerships.  Our response to the pandemic has revealed the importance of a culture that is purpose-built to tackle hard problems and we'll continue to be flexible in how we meet the needs of our customers.  Catalent is well positioned to work on, and find solutions to, the largest, most complex challenges in the industry, as illustrated by our ability to quickly stand up production efforts to produce billions of COVID-19 vaccine doses.  We're extremely proud of our focus on operational excellence and quality and how that has led us to deliver more than 70 billion doses of medicines for more than 7,000 products for nearly 1,000 clients each year. The broad diversity of our products, and resilience of our businesses, have allowed Catalent to endure widespread issues like the pandemic and challenges more specific to our industry. Indeed, Catalent has consistently found ways to improve its performance and thrive in a variety of conditions.  We have the right people, leadership, processes, technologies and capacity to help our customers and we're proud to see how our work helps improve the lives of millions of patients around the world. Thank you.
