Wetteny Joseph: Yes so, Dave, first of all, we're very pleased with the growth in our Biologics business for the quarter. You can see for the second quarter in a row very strong growth coming from the segment. I'll remind you a couple of things and indeed, significantly more than half of the organic growth in the quarter in the segment, which was 83% clearly more than half of that coming from non-COVID-related activities. So this will be the second quarter in a row we're seeing substantial growth coming from this segment. I will note that in Q1 last year, I would say it was a relatively weaker comp, as we got off to a slower start in the segment across particularly our coating and nucleic acid offerings here as compared to our gene therapy and cell therapy areas and so we're very pleased with the growth and well above half of that coming from non-COVID-related but still posting 82% organic growth on the quarter against, I would say, relatively weaker comps. Also the gene therapy side and cell therapy side of the business were significant contributors to the organic growth but we won't go down to specifics. To give enough color around this is to triangulate around a rough estimation around the COVID-related programs but what I would say is there is not -- it's difficult to get precision here when it comes to COVID-19. And some of the color I would add here is that clearly from a development perspective, we have a fair amount of start-up activities across this segment in particular, from a development standpoint, some of our highly skilled personnel in our sites who are working around the clock on development activities, which is somewhat difficult to segregate them what they would have been doing, had they not been doing this work clearly, they would have been engaged in other activities. So I think there are some prioritizations and trade-offs that are happening in the business that makes it difficult to get the precision here, but we believe directionally what we've provided should be hopefully helpful in understanding that the core growth in the business was still well above the long-term expectations we have for this segment in the quarter, even when you take out the COVID-19 programs.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, what I would say here, Dave, is there are too many variables to really pinpoint what the exact effect would be, the timing of such approval if it does happen and how much is left in the year etc., how many doses per vial? There are lots of variables but what I would share with you in terms of the take-or-pay agreements in the way that they work and how they're factored into our guidance is that we have not factored in any approvals in our guidance here. So we are including take-or-pay arrangement, which would largely fall, whether it's the volume we need to produce or the take-or-pays that will take effect, to be mostly in the second half of our year, not the first half. So it is not -- other than start-up activities, the first half of the year is largely not impacted by take-or-pay arrangements and they start to come in, in the second half. And if there is an approval, with all the variables that I described, it's difficult to to give even sort of a sense around what that might mean for us in terms of what the volume might be. We're not factoring any approvals, as we said in the prepared commentary and our guidance here.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. So what I would say is yeah, and there are too many variables to determine whether that would change or not. The way we've approached the guidance, including just the take-or-pays means that we've only put in what is contractually bound. If there are -- if the variables can include items such as the [acquittal] of the drug product billing, will the customer be able to get sufficient substance internally or from elsewhere to enable us to do more than the take-or-pays. You understand that there are too many variables for us to venture into any sort of guesses as to what that could mean depending on when it happens, which product, which jurisdictions is it going through, what the actual demand is. So if all those things were in the lineup and the volume necessary is above the take-or-pay minimums, then sure, that could potentially mean more volume coming from those programs than the take-or-pay. These are some of the reasons why including being in a pandemic, why we have a wider range in our guidance where no point is more certain than another and I think we'll continue to do that as the year unfolds.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, just a couple of quick points with respect to SOT. As you know Tycho, we don't get into specifics in terms of guidance by segment. But largely speaking I would expect the SOT first half to look a lot more like the first quarter with improved performance in the back half versus a very strong prior year. If you recall, in fiscal '20 our SOT business, where we expect long-term growth in the 3% to 5% range, was actually both more than twice that in the fiscal year last year. So it's a combination of a tougher comparable for the segment as well as some of the COVID- 19-related headwinds that we've already talked about that are impacting the segment and I would expect the first half, again to be more like the first quarter and improved performance in the back half. The other point I would make is with respect to CSS to your point around increased cases etc. What you may recall is a previous occurrence of this led to actually ramp up in CSS before before it went down. We're very pleased with the net new business wins we're seeing in the business throughout the pandemic, continued to stay healthy which bodes well for long term performance of the segment. And we won't predict what could happen here in the event of increased lockdowns, etc. but certainly a prior occurrence led to a pick up in Q -- in our third quarter fiscal last year before you saw it draw down in the fourth quarter.
Wetteny Joseph: Juan, we didn't get precision on this but our estimation around the quarter is as follows. We've delivered 20% organic growth in the quarter across the company. And even if you were to exclude COVID-19 impacts you'd still have a double-digit organic growth performance for the company. Another reminder I would give you is when you think about the activities we have both across therapeutics and vaccines here for COVID-19, the volumes and related take-or-pays really took effect more toward the back half of our year than the first half. So really mostly, we have start-up activities that are happening now that are contributing to the performance and so I would expect, as we saw in Q4 as well as in Q1, most of the performance here is not related to COVID-19. So this is two quarters of double-digit organic growth excluding COVID-19 for the company.
Wetteny Joseph: What I will tell you is directionally, the versus 9 to 11 on the year, the first quarter is substantially below it. Again yeah, 20% organic growth on the company and we still had well into double-digits excluding COVID-19. Again, I won't give you precision here given all the factors we already discussed but as I said, the take-or-pays that are factored into our guidance mostly take effect toward the back half of the year not the first half, so I would stand to reason that the first quarter would be largely non-COVID related when we think about organic growth.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, maybe I'll start with the last part of your question and then work my way back. Certainly, the capacity that we have here that is positioned to work on COVID-specific programs is not specifically COVID-19 like we -- part of the reason that we we're -- of those two companies here is because we have capabilities, traditionally we've had in the company as well as it was added over the last several years around a drug product, drug substance gene therapy, etc. as well as capacity that we already had in flight before COVID-19. Hence the capacity wasn't specifically contemplating this pandemic nor is it unique to manufacturing COVID-19 therapies and vaccines. And so the long term prospects of fill-finish, gene therapy, viral vector manufacturing drug substance for Biologics all points with strong growth over a long-term, which is why we were pursuing these extensions to begin with. I'll remind you, January 2019 given the pipeline of products that we have in front of us in our Biologics drug product fill-finish facility in the U.S. by way of example, we could foresee the maturing pipeline requiring more and more capacity to the point that we anticipated by 2021, we will be running out of capacity across vials and closely so, across syringes. So at that point, we announced an expansion of capacity for the facility as we stand today, particularly with the COVID-19 programs as well. As we mentioned, we're near capacity and our vials would be -- with more capacity coming on board over the next few months to relieve that. So I think that's spells that this capacity is very fungible plus the offerings we have within the segment are not specific to COVID-19 and have confidence in their use beyond the need for us. With respect to the take-or-pays, clearly the factors with our customers that reflects what we anticipate the volume needs might be in the event of an approval as well as the timing of those approvals and we in turn have been hiring and training and onboarding resources to position ourselves in addition to the start-up activities to be able to manufacture those volumes. So I think you would anticipate that the customers' expectations with volumes are already somewhat reflected here, but lots of variables could impact those as we go forward and we won't venture to guess as to what that might be, but some of these are certainly already contemplated in those take-or-pay arrangements. And then lastly, the first one question is around drug substance and drug product. We announced some of these programs already in terms of the work regarding vaccines and therapies including there are sort of programs that we're working on and we have not ventured to announce for various reasons, but we are looking at 60 -- over 60 compounds across the organization with majority of those in our Biologics business. And they do span across both drug product, drug substance and I would add gene therapy viral vector manufacturing as well. So we're very pleased with the activities we have not only in Biologics but elsewhere across the company, which again is why we say we are a go-to company for COVID-19.
Wetteny Joseph: So as we continue to expand in the suites, as John mentioned in our prepared commentary, in the next few months we'll have 10 suites operational. A number of customers have a subset of those suites under capacity reservations including certain minimum volumes, which are again take-or-pay types of arrangements. And so we anticipate volume increases across the segment and the pipeline continues to mature, not only what we have within Catalent but at large, and we expect to continue to on-board new customers and continue to drive programs through those that are in the pipelines for commercial use. So I think as volumes go through a factory of the company that has the skill that we do at the upper end of utilization, those can drive meaningful margin performance in the business, which we would anticipate over time. One last point I'll make is, as we discussed last quarter, our gene therapy offering is now the only CDMO operation in the world with a commercial license to produce gene therapies, which positions us well to continue to not only perform for the customers we are engaged with now but potentially more as the pipeline of gene therapy continues to expand.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. So look, our margin expectations for this segment remain unchanged. We've given companywide margin expectations as we expand and we have said that as we grow in Biologics, which you saw this quarter is 44% of our revenues. In Biologics, being higher margin will propel the company margins to expand. So we continue to expect that long term. Those won't be linear as we add capacity and we add resources that are highly trained. There are highly complex and exacting processes that we have. As we do so, those will add some variability across our margins and keep in mind also that we have a large proportion of development programs, which tend to be more variable than commercial manufacturing. So I think over time, we expect margins to expand and stabilize across the segment as we add capacity, as we get at the higher end of capacity utilization, margins will go up, as we add new capacity they will add a bit and then long term, our expectations remain unchanged. Last quarter, I did highlight the drawback that we see potentially continue, particularly as we potentially still can manufacture large volumes of COVID-19 vaccines essentials, which is component sourcing materials that are used in those might start to increase. And those we see as additive to the top line growth for the company, there is a portion of our revenues that are where the component sourcing, but to the extent they grow faster than the rest of the revenues that could have, I would say, short-term impacts related to margins. But as I said, those are additive to the business and won't change our long-term expectations.
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, so first of all, thank you for highlighting the fact that Catalent is a highly diversified company with 7,000 products and 1,000 development programs as well that are contributing meaningfully to our revenues each period, and more and more we are more exposed to Biologics representing a greater proportion of our revenues, which is on a faster growing end. And despite, this part that you referred to, which we did highlight in the second half of our prior year in the third and fourth quarter, we delivered a solid quarter in Q1 and are pleased to be in position to be increased in our guidance for the year. Having said that, within OSD, you have this one product, which had an impact in the quarter, we expected a $12 million cost that we saw in the quarter. And if you look at the rest of the year, the product you are referencing with the second half launch activity, and so we see that being more of a comparable challenge in Q3 and Q4, but as we look at the OSD segment and we take out this -- if you assume, you neutralize year-on-year, taking out this product you would still see a segment that's delivering close to what we would or in line with what we would expect it to do long-term, which is roughly 5% to 7%. So we're pleased with this segment, we're pleased with the growth that we're seeing, particularly in our guidance or the resolving franchise within the business. And the pipeline that we have for Zydis as well as non-Zydis within this segment is -- bodes well for the long-term growth of this segment. So we're very pleased with the performance of this segment. If you take this product out, it does have a product participation feature in it and -- which contributed to the second half of last year, and as we said, will have an impact this year on a year-over-year basis. Although, I won't venture to give more than we did in our prepared commentary, which is there are activities underway with this program and we do not yet have an estimation as to when or if that product will be coming back.
John Chiminski: Yes, I would say it is, John. I mean first of all, when we are getting -- if you look historically, I would say there is kind of a significant exiting of facilities by pharma over the last, call it 10 to 15 years, that was just them basically whittling down their overall capacity. But what we have found is that when we can find a facility that has the capabilities in the geography that we're looking for and can secure meaningful business with that -- with the owner of that facility that we're willing to engage in it. So certainly, we're not in the mode of, I would say, either consulting the industry or just picking up as many facilities as we can but if you take a look at the Bone Therapeutics and you take a look at the Anagni facility, they both were added to our capabilities and overall capacity where we needed them. So just the recent announcement here on Bone Therapeutics with a facility that's just walking distance from our Gosselies -- our current Gosselies operation provides us immediate capacity for potential late phase customers that could get approvals and will meet that overall capacity. And then in Anagni, I have to say this is probably one of the most fortuitous acquisitions that we look to further build out our European CDMO business where we happen to have an asset that had two vial filling lines and the capacity to -- or the footprint to be able to add even additional capacity at the time -- at the front end of this pandemic. So I would say that it's more in our mix, right now, but we have a very clear criteria if you will, in terms of what we're looking for and I think you see two really good examples in both Anagni and also in the Bone Therapeutics facility. And then maybe just to expand on your question just with regards to overall M&A. Certainly we've been executing on an extremely strong strategic plan that has us growing the company organically however, we continue to be very active in the M&A space where we can add additional capability and capacity to accelerate our strategic plans in an area that we continue to, I would say, hunt is -- in drug product and drug substance capacity in Europe where we would like to continue to build-out our footprint. We certainly have a great footprint in the U.S. that continues to get even better. We'd also like to expand the Anagni facility in Europe.
John Chiminski: Yes, so,Tycho, I'll unpack a few questions that you have in there. First of all, with regards to our OSD segment, the development revenue and development pipeline is generally a shorter cycle business and early on in the pandemic, we saw people not knowing what was going to happen. In our Oral and Specialty Delivery, we service a lot of small venture-backed companies that early on they didn't know where the pandemic was going and they basically, I would say, sat still a little bit. So we didn't pick up early on in the pandemic. Let's just call it kind of through the March through May, June time frame, we just didn't have the same sort of wins that we normally would. And obviously, that impacted a little bit the development revenue in the OSD segment. That being said, we're now in, I would say, a stable part of the pandemic as it continues to develop where people really do understand their funding, they still continue to operate and we're starting to see those wins, if you will, pickup. And then I would just say, the OSD segment as Wetteny alluded to in his prepared comments, really has one of the strongest overall pipelines in the business over 200 molecule. So again with our Follow the Molecule strategy, I mean we're working on these items all the way through getting development revenue and hoping to get our customers all the way through launch. So again, very strong pipeline there. Now the other question you had was with regards to prescription demand and that's in our SOT business and what we saw is that we had product launches in our SOT segment that quite frankly, the launches were, the words I used in the prepared comments were, muted meaning with the pandemic the ability for those customers to fully launch and get their sales teams out into the doctor's offices and hospitals to be able to promote those products and in some cases, they literally just stopped on the promotion until they had better clarity on when they could actually deploy some of their overall resources. However, we do believe that we have some launches planned here for the second half and we also expect that the muted launches that we had and some of these launches in the SOT segment should gain momentum in the second half again, as we've seen -- we are running into the later phases of the pandemic and people know how to deal with it and were moving along. So that's the way I would answer that question if that's helpful, Tycho.
John Chiminski: Yes, I think that the thing I would mention on Softgel is that part of the slowdown we saw was really in the consumer health area and that's kind of a crazy thing but the flu season is virtually non-existent and people developing cough and cold. So we're seeing -- we saw demand really here in the quarter just very, very low on the consumer health products. I mean, just as a little bit of a trivia they literally had hundreds of cases of flu in Australia compared to the normal thousand. So it's pretty much a non-existent season. So the only thing that we'll need to watch out for in Softgel is if we have continued low consumer health demand based upon the social distancing and lack of social gatherings and lack of travel ban really predicated us having some challenges in the consumer health. So that's really one of the areas that we'll watch out and maybe I'll ask Wetteny, if he wants to jump in here also.
John Chiminski: Again, Tycho, we have take-or-pays that are in place and those take-or-pays do contemplate a certain amount of capacity utilization. And so I think the area where I think there could be and I wouldn't call it lumpiness but I would say, increased demand is with regards to therapies that they get approved and depending on what the uptake of those are that scenario where we would have to obviously respond to. And the only other thing with regards specifically to the vaccines is whether or not there would be volumes above and beyond the take-or-pays that we already have in place.
John Chiminski: No, not at all. I would say there's very specific factors involved in a couple of those cases that came out and doesn't change either our outlook on the space or the activity that we have in the gene therapy business.
John Chiminski: Thanks, operator, and thanks, everyone for your questions and for taking the time to join our call. I'd like to close by highlighting a few key points we covered today. First, we're very pleased with a very strong start to fiscal 2021 including 20% organic net revenue growth and 23% organic adjusted EBITDA growth. Our first quarter results combined with our increased forecast in the back half of the year led us to raise our fiscal '21 net revenue growth expectation by approximately 5 percentage points and our adjusted EBITDA expectation by approximately 7 percentage points. Next, the transformative acquisitions we've made over the last several years combined with our strategic internal growth investments across the Company were well timed to enable us, not only to address the increased level of R&D innovation across a broad range of therapeutic categories, but also to position Catalent to play an important role in the efforts to create therapeutics and vaccines to combat COVID-19. We are accelerating our strategic capex plans in our Biologics business, which will help meet near-term demand as well as have the effect of sustaining our long-term growth targets. Last January, we announced our plan for Biologics to become 50% of our overall net revenue by 2024 and this quarter we are nearing our target faster than expected with our Biologics segment accounting for 44% of our net revenue. Finally, our mission to develop, manufacture and supply products that help people live better and healthier lives has never been more important. We continue to be thankful for our 14,000-plus employees who live our Patient First culture and have worked hard to carry out the great responsibility we have to maintain business continuity for all of those counting on us to deliver, be it for a potential COVID-19 therapy or vaccine or the 7,000 other products we produce every year for customers. Thank you.
