John R. Chiminski: Thanks, Tom, and welcome, everyone to our earnings call. I'd like to start by providing an update on our Beinheim facility, which is one of 11 softgel facilities in our worldwide manufacturing network of 31 sites. Since receiving notification from the ANSM, the French pharmaceutical regulatory agency suspending manufacturing at the site on November 13, 2015, we've been working diligently with all relevant authorities to resolve the issue. From the outset, we fully cooperated with the ANSM, as well as with law enforcement officials concerning the ongoing criminal investigations. While the resolution of the Beinheim situation took longer than originally anticipated we're pleased to announce that on April 28, ANSM has reinstated our license, and the site is currently fully operational. I'm extremely proud of my team, and I want thank them for everything they've done to bring the issue to a successful resolution, and I look forward to focusing our attention on a strong close to fiscal year 2016. However we do anticipate some continuing effect of the suspension of Beinheim into fiscal year 2017, due to the changes at the facility, and the business continuity plans we've implemented. These changes will be included in the fiscal year 2017 guidance we'll issue later this year. Matt will also provide more specifics on the financial impact of the Beinheim on fiscal year 2016 later in the presentation. Now, moving on to key operating accomplishments during the quarter; our third quarter operational performance was adversely affected by the challenges we continued to face in our Oral Technologies segment, related to the Beinheim facility temporary suspension and MRT softness. Results were disappointing, but we believe are near-term in nature and do not change our view of the longer-term growth prospects for Catalent. As you can see on slide six, our revenue decreased 2% as reported, and increased 2% organically in constant currency to $438 million. Top line growth on a constant currency basis for the quarter was driven by strong performance from our Medication Delivery Solutions and Development and Clinical Services segments, which was partially offset by a decrease in Oral Technologies segment. Also Medication Delivery Solutions posted a robust 12% EBITDA increase, compared to the prior year period. On a year-to-date basis we continue to be pleased with our top line performance and recorded year-on-year revenue growth of 6% on a constant currency basis, despite the challenges related to Beinheim and our MRT business. Our adjusted EBITDA of $80.7 was below the third quarter of fiscal year 2015, again, primarily due to the Beinheim suspension and reduced demand for certain high margin offerings within our modified release technologies platform. Our adjusted net income was $25 million or $0.20 per diluted share. In conclusion, we remain encouraged by the underlying trends in softgel, and we look forward to building on momentum in our other two business segments for the remainder of the fiscal year. Now, I would like to turn the call over to our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Matt Walsh.
John R. Chiminski: Yeah. So, John here. I would say that, certainly, there are a lot of lessons that we've learned through the Beinheim situation. Obviously, there was a bad actor within the facility that was, I would say, the crux of the problem. But we also identified when the ANSM came in some other issues that we needed to remediate, and we have now gone across, I would say, our facilities to understand where other changes from lessons learned at Beinheim will be rolled out. We'll probably not be rolling out the same level of security measures that were required at Beinheim, given the specific situation there. So I don't see significant cost impacts if you will, with the company, but they're certainly very good lessons learned that even with Catalent's great reputation and reliable supply, we can take it to the next level. So we're already in the process of rolling some of those things out, and we also have our senior management team meeting in the next several weeks where we're going to take that even further with all of the top 150 people within the company.
John R. Chiminski: I would add – I will add from my opening comments that, we do expect that the changes to the facility that were made necessary to secure the supply chain, along with business continuity planning that we had put in place will lower the numbers from what they had previously been going into the November 13. We've not yet fully précised what that number will be but for modeling purposes you should assume that, they are lower and again that -we will be putting that out in our fiscal year 2017 guidance following our earnings for Q4.
John R. Chiminski: Yeah, so this is John, I would tell you that. If you asked this question three months ago, we believed that the facility would be more or less coming up to its previous revenue and EBITDA generating capacity. After the six months closure and remediations that we had to put in place into the facility, basically zero tolerance for any malintent and so forth and then some of the business continuity plans that we put in place to move certain products out at the request of customers, will pretty much ensure that the revenue and EBITDA generation capability of Beinheim will be lower than prior to the November 13 suspension. Some of those business continuity requests by our customers will keep the – are keeping the products within the Catalent network, but no longer at the Beinheim facility. So we are not giving you the exact details, because we're still in the process of working that out for fiscal year 2017 especially as we see the ramp of the facility coming up. But we're certain that it will be lower both on revenue and EBITDA, it's not yet précised.
John R. Chiminski: Yeah, so John here again. This has not had any impact with regards to customer retention. We have had individual customers who have wanted to move their products outside of Beinheim as we went through an extended period of that shutdown. But generally in the dosage forms that we operate in we have very, very sticky customers. So we don't – there is not a customer switching issue that we are having here or customer retention issue. There are individual products at the site that on a go-forward basis – on a go-forward basis customers have decided that the work necessary to get them restarted in the facility was not a good payback compared to the performance of those products and that was a very small number if you will just actually a few. So, and the bigger issue here obviously is, is the six months suspension and the financial impact to the company and then some stock out situations for our customers. That's the immediate effect. But I would say no long-term retention issues for our customers. The other thing I'll just note is, this is one of 11 softgel sites. So what our customers appreciated was we did have opportunities to move these products to other softgel sites which also makes Catalent a natural choice given the fact that there are there are risks operating in this highly regulated space.
Matthew M. Walsh: The facility at Beinheim will undergo a progressive restart from April 28, now through the end of this fiscal year. So we'll be gradually bringing the facility back online. That is incorporated in the guidance that we just discussed. So you shouldn't think about it as a flick of a switch and everything is sort of back to pre-November levels. We are grooving new operating mechanisms at the site, and that will take some time.
Matthew M. Walsh: I actually think it's a little bit of both. So our expectations in terms of the slope of the ramp are more modest than they were in the prior guidance.
Matthew M. Walsh: Sure. There is really two things driving that. The first is that we recorded relatively more comparator revenue in the quarter than we did in the prior year period. Comparator revenue is really a sourcing, it's a procurement sourcing service that the company provides. And it's more, more priced off of a fee-for-service than it is a margin on the actual product. So this is – but because we are in the chain of title for the materials, we're required to according to GAAP to gross it up in our top line sales number. So this is low-to-mid single-digit margin business, substantially below the other revenue producing activities of the division. So it can cause revenue and – it can cause revenue volatility that doesn't necessarily translate down to the gross margin line. That's one impact. The other impact, is we had relatively less oral solids development manufacturing work than we had in the prior year period and that is relatively higher margin activity than the other fee-for-service scientific activities which comprise the division as well as the straight manufacturing and packing and storage and distribution revenue activities in the clinical supply business. So it's a revenue mix issue.
Matthew M. Walsh: We do expect margins to normalize. I think what we just saw in this 90-day period is not representative of what you would see over longer-time horizons when the comparator figure – when the comparator sales numbers averaged over the entire business, these can be lumpy revenue events when they occur, and we had a rather large lump if you will in the third quarter this year than what we saw in the third quarter last year. And the manufacture – the oral solids development and manufacturing activities are on in upswing, this business is growing within the company. It just didn't look that way in this relatively narrow 90-day period.
Matthew M. Walsh: Sure. So the impact just solely due to the change in competition on methodology for taxes is $22 million, and the remainder is base business once again most of which is Beinheim related.
Matthew M. Walsh: That's correct. For the entire fiscal year as we move from cash taxes to a book tax expense as adjusted for discrete items, $22 million, correct.
Matthew M. Walsh: The newer methodology and the reason why I described it as conservative is it will be uniformly lower in just about any quarterly or year-to-date or full year period I can think off.
Matthew M. Walsh: We didn't make reference to the Beinheim impact specifically into the third quarter David. Now that the facility is back up and running, we're going to return the focus of our IR communications to business segments versus individual sites.
Matthew M. Walsh: When we can see the initiative, what we had expected to see was relatively nominal impact to our margins, because there's the capacity utilization and asset utilization play that offsets the naturally lower margins of consumer health business versus the branded pharma and generic pharma side of our business. That has largely played out in the numbers. Of course, everything is overshadowed by the temporary suspension at Beinheim as well as what's going on in the MRT business within the overall reporting segments. And I think as we look forward to next fiscal year, we expect to see the same dynamic.
Matthew M. Walsh: Sure. So we're in the process of creating our fiscal 2017 guidance as we speak. So that number – those numbers for FY 2017 will be released in the future. So it's difficult to speak with any specifics at this time.
Matthew M. Walsh: Well, so in terms of the cash taxes for the year, that $42 million to $46 million range we would be thinking about the lower side of that given the results of the third quarter. But the cash tax figure would not be – we wouldn't be proposing a new range for that.
Matthew M. Walsh: Well, so we on a regular basis do what we can within the bounds of international tax laws to optimize our global tax position. That is an ongoing effort at the company, and that is largely done through smaller magnitude initiatives here and there. There is no big bang kind of outcome that would dramatically change things for Catalent in the absence of any significant merger and acquisition activity.
Matthew M. Walsh: So I think that's part of the answer. So you are correct, in that compliance cost, which have generally been increasing for pharma services companies like Catalent are comprising an increasing portion of our overall SG&A. The specific issues regarding Beinheim certainly impacted the numbers for the quarter as well as the second quarter, and year-to-date numbers. We also had some significant M&A activity in the quarter that shows up in our reported numbers. We adjust it out. This is M&A spending that the company did for deals which did not close, and as everybody knows we're very active in our search for acquisition candidates in our space, and we were very active in the quarter, expenditures did go out although no closed deals in the third quarter.
Matthew M. Walsh: I would estimate something a little higher, John. I think it's 30% to 31% would be an effective tax rate, ETR for long range planning purposes.
Matthew M. Walsh: I would say that, as we survey the landscape of potential opportunities, multiples in the industry are high, we're pretty disciplined buyers and we're looking for acquisitions that can add value. We are – our screening criteria includes things like return on invested capital, which creates high hurdles, these things – but metrics like [Call Ends Abruptly]
Unknown Speaker: Hi, this is (31:47) for Derik De Bruin. If I may possibly get a feel for fiscal year 2017? I'm just curious, I know that Beinheim, essentially the startup is going to be gradual. Just curious how much of the sales loss in France, do you expect to recoup in fiscal year 2017? That's the first question.
Unknown Speaker: Got it. Thank you. And I guess, before you had guided for cash taxes of $42 million to $46 million in fiscal year 2016. Wondering if you could provide what the guidance would be for the new way you calculate taxes.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. And SG&A picked up in the quarter. Is that going to be a new run rate maybe as you implement corrective measures in Beinheim and deal with some SG&A improvements.
