Matthew M. Walsh: The strength of the Cook acquisition that we saw was mainly mix-related, as well as timing-related. We were expecting that the business would have a normal maintenance turnaround in the second quarter. And just due to the underlying strength in the business, we decided to postpone that turnaround to the third quarter, Tycho. So more timing-related. But we did see overall good strength and mix in the business.
Matthew M. Walsh: Sure. Sure. So we have, within Catalent, a rigorous internal audit process of our quality and operational processes that turned up several issues at Woodstock some months ago that we needed to attend to. And that's exactly what we've been doing. So we have been directing company time, managerial resources to the site to do a bit of a reset and make sure that the way that we're operating is rigorously adhering to all of our own internal SOPs, Tycho. So this is self-imposed and completely discretionary on the company's part. But one of the consequences there, we had slowed down our throughput and cycle times on the various batches that we're doing. And so, that's showing up in the financials. And as we look at the timeline of the activities that we're undertaking, we see this as a fiscal year 2018 issue, so we will see it going into the second half. And we'll be steadily recovering during that time with most of that – with the expectation being that we'll be back at full run rate by the end of the fiscal year.
Matthew M. Walsh: So we talked about the areas that we're seeing strength, which is in our Biologics business, both our legacy business as well as the Cook business, and we're seeing strength in our U.S. controlled release business. But where we've got some either flatness or maybe some timing-related issues where we might see declines in the second half of the year would be in our Softgel business, blow-fill-seal, as we've talked about, and the CSS business, which we mentioned will be up against some pretty tough year-on-year comparison in Q3 and Q4.
Matthew M. Walsh: And Ricky, it's Matt. The first part of your question related to Madison capacity. So, at the present time, Madison is operating at very high rates of capacity utilization. We have known for some time that we would get to this point, which is why we green-lighted the third train capacity, which construction has completed. And we're doing engineering validation runs right now. And we will see recordable revenue ramping up small amounts in the third quarter and increasing into the fourth quarter. So, we will be able to continue the rate of revenue growth at Madison – the high rate of revenue growth that we have enjoyed there in recent quarters.
Matthew M. Walsh: Based on the information that we're looking at, Tim, it does seem to be more of a structural long-term issue for our Softgel business in the Asia-Pac region. This has always been a product slate that was more geared towards VMS business, which had an OTC component to it. For years, we've been trying to push that high-value OTC component bigger and bigger. It was just more challenging to do. And then, with some of the dynamics around changes within how China sources VMS materials, we had become less optimistic about the ability to grow our Softgel franchise in Asia-Pac for the long term.
Matthew M. Walsh: It's not large. Tim, it's been shrinking. And I will tell you, its profitability contribution is even lower than the sales contribution.
Matthew M. Walsh: Sure. So, I will talk about the technical reporting part of the question first, and then zoom back out and talk about more strategic implications. On the ASC 606, which is the revenue recognition standard, Catalent adapts that on July 1, so that's the first day of our next fiscal year. This does not have a big impact across most of Catalent, but for this certain aspect of revenue recognition within CSS, and that's the comparator business, which is, at any point in time, between 20% and 25% of the current top line of that segment. And we will be recording that on a net basis versus a gross basis starting July 1. So, there's nothing, either in our reported results or in our backlog statistics, at this point, that reflects that. Now, in terms of, Derik, why the numbers have backed off a bit, we've just been burning the backlog faster than we've historically done. That's contributed to the outsized revenue growth we've seen in the business really for the last three or four quarters. And so, we've got to catch up with our sales efforts and replenish that backlog.
Matthew M. Walsh: So, there were – we had better product mix than we thought out of the gate, but there was a significant timing component to this. We expected the business to take its normal maintenance turnaround in Q2. It pushed it through Q3, so we'll just be trading that with Q3 performance.
Matthew M. Walsh: So, we have always said that Softgel should be growing on the lower end of Catalent's 4% to 6% top line expectation. We expect the Softgel business in the second half of this fiscal year though to be flat year-on-year.
Matthew M. Walsh: So both acquisitions are growing organically very well. Let's talk about Cook first, because we acquired the business when it was really still in its infancy. All the capital had been built out. They spent years laying the groundwork for the sales growth that they're now realizing, which is well into the 20% year-on-year growth rates. And so, the business is still, on a percentage basis, growing very strong off of what was a fairly low base, even though it was still close to $200 million. The business has a lot of potential and a lot of capacity to grow. The Accucaps business also growing double digits, organically higher at the EBITDA line as we are recognizing operating synergies that we had forecasted as part of the acquisition, and just the benefits of asset utilization at Accucaps, which were substantially above what we had forecasted they would be when we were valuing the opportunity and diligence. So the organic growth of those two acquired entities has been terrific and above our expectations from the diligence phases of both deals.
Matthew M. Walsh: Right now, Sean, we don't anticipate any material changes to the way that we manage the business as a result of the changes in tax law. Our business shows pretty good balance between U.S. – now, with the acquisition of Cook, we show good balance between U.S. and ex-U.S. The overall way that we're running the business, we don't expect to see it substantially change.
Matthew M. Walsh: The only other thing I would add, George, is when we – I think we've mentioned this in prior calls. I think I'm just repeating something from the past. But we had forecasted that the addition of the third train could potentially just about double the potential revenues from the Madison site, not just because that their train is relatively large capacity at 2x2,000 liters. They can do large clinical; they can small commercial. So, even though it's increasing our number of trains by a third, it's the capacity of what we're putting that actually enables us to just about double the revenue at Madison.
Matthew M. Walsh: Thanks, George. So, in terms of how we're thinking about M&A, we said at the time of the deal, this was a big deployment of capital. We as an operating team, we're certainly comfortable being levered at 5 times. We've been levered well above that in private equity days. But we set the 5 really for public market purposes, and then issued a small equity stub to keep us at 5. And we never set a hard and fast rule for ourselves that we would have to de-lever back down to pre-transaction levels before we would do another deal, because there'd be a chance that we could miss something that would be really attractive. So, the good news since our initial thinking is we delivered faster than our projected trajectory six months ago. And so, that doesn't – so, because of that we're not precluding ourselves from looking at deals before we de-lever all the way back down to the 4 times, which is where we were pre-Cook. And I will tell you that the capital markets continue to be accommodative for pharma services companies with good platforms that are looking at attractive growth opportunities through M&A. So, capital raising is actually lower down on the list of things that we worry about as we consider future M&A opportunities.
Matthew M. Walsh: Yeah. So, we generally believe, on an annual basis, that we should be generating free cash flow that's on the order of 75% of adjusted net income. It's likely going to be higher than that this year, because we've had some pretty strong performance on working capital efficiency. Our cash cycle working capital efficiency metrics have really improved as you just noted, Kevin. So, that 75% kind of looks low now. And it's just a question of what happens at working capital efficiency in the second half of the year in terms of where we ultimately end up. But, hopefully, those guideposts give you some help in terms of modeling us.
Matthew M. Walsh: So, those two things that you highlighted are certainly elements of it. But really, what ends up being the biggest driver of volatility within that 26% to 28% range is going to be our geographic mix of earnings, right. We've got half to more than half of our profitability outside the U.S., where we have been a cash tax payer for years. And so, it really is more dependent on geographic mix than those other items that you mentioned.
Matthew M. Walsh: So, I would say we alluded to some volume down in the Asia-Pac region that we've seen in the first half of the year. And we would be likely to see that in the second half of the year as well. Just as a watch out, we're not quite sure on this item as this is moving in real-time, but there has been some shortages globally of a key raw material, specifically ibuprofen, which is a significant part of our business within Softgel. Ibuprofen producers are racing to get material out to customers. And we do see that as a watch out for the second half of the year. Just to repeat what we said earlier, we do think that ex-Accucaps, Softgel will be – Matt says that it'll be more flat year-on-year than anything else that we can forecast at this point.
Matthew M. Walsh: This is a supply issue. There's only a few producers of ibuprofen globally and they've all – the totality of ibuprofen production has been spotty and not able to fully satisfy demand, or if they are, it's just by the skin of their teeth. So, that's the situation that we're looking at carefully. We're working with our customers, some of whom have a lot of influence with the ibuprofen producers. And it's just something that we've got our eye on for the second half.
Matthew M. Walsh: So, this is a little bit hard for me to pin down on this call, Kevin, because our ibuprofen business is global. But it is – my first estimate, subject to confirmation that I'd have to put pencil to paper, I think it's about – ibuprofen is probably about 10% of the business in all the forms that we manufacture ibuprofen. So, there's many different customers, many different brands across the world. There's ibuprofen combos, right, cough, cold, sinus-type SKUs that we manufacture, but my initial estimate would be about 10% global Softgel revenues. (01:04:30).
John R. Chiminski: Yeah. So, Ricky, I'll start off with the answer to that part of the question. First of all, it remains a highly dynamic space where, honestly, the way I've been describing it is that I think we're in a probably a 10-year to 15-year secular growth trend. And what's really happened is between the Lonza acquisition of Capsugel; the Thermo Fisher acquisition of Patheon; and now, Catalent is kind of the last standing premier CDMO, we're seeing a lot more business, I guess, I would say, accruing to the bigger players because our customers are really looking for these CDMO partners that have the ability to invest in the quality operations and the investments required from a capacity standpoint. So, I think the larger players are going to continue to accrue more of the benefits from what I think is a long-term secular 10 to 15-year trend. From a competitive dynamics standpoint, I would say, that we haven't seen any significant changes or increases to competitiveness based upon those large acquisitions, or even in the situation of AMRI, being taken private, which we really didn't have any head-to-head type of competition with them. But I can tell you that there seems to be more stability from a competitive standpoint which it exists, but it hasn't changed dramatically. And as I said, I think there's really kind of a 10 to 15-year secular growth trend as these larger CDMOs, of which, again, Catalent is the last standing premier pharmaceutical services business. I think you're just going to continue to see the pharma and biotech businesses that have now become very comfortable partnering with these larger groups. And this is why they want fewer, bigger, better providers. From an overall M&A standpoint, certainly Catalent has been part of the M&A story, I would say, over the last decade, in fact, over the last two decades, which is how Catalent really came together. And we continue to be very active in this space, with the underlying comment that our primary capital allocation is for organic growth drivers with M&A following in behind that. We really see organic growth as a fundamental driver with M&A being used to fill in our strategic priorities or accelerate our strategic plans.
John R. Chiminski: I'll say that we're on plan for signed business for what we had in our business case for the first half, which means that we had previously booked business into that asset, which when we did our original buildout, there was a lag time between when we build it out and when people had confidence in coming in and placing business. And we don't have any of that business. That business was signed before we even had our engineering validation runs done. So, it just shows what is out there. From an overall business standpoint, there's a significant demand for the type of work that we can do from a commercial manufacturing standpoint in terms of our 1,000, 2,000, and now, 2x2,000 liter capability that we're going to have. So, very strong, and as I've said, we already have business booked to what was, I would say, a pretty decent plan for the facility for the last half of fiscal year 2018. And the business that's booked already completes that business case that we had. So, it's a terrific news for the company, and again, just talks to the level of demand there is out there for flexible biologics manufacturing.
John R. Chiminski: Sure. I will tell you, our thinking has evolved quite a bit over the last three or four months since we've gotten our hands on the Bloomington facility. And we're now positioning it towards having two Centers of Excellence, towards drug substance manufacturing. As, you know, given the very strong demand that we see over the next five-plus years, we were already had on the books a potential fourth and fifth train that requires a greenfield buildout at the Madison site. And over the last several months, as we stare into our strategic plans that are coming up over the next couple of months, there is just immediate and readily available space in this world-class facility. In fact, I was just there a couple of weeks ago. And our thinking now is that we may be able to accelerate that fourth and fifth train through readily available space that's within the facility. Those decisions aren't made, but it just tells you the quality of this asset that we have, and the flexibility, and the fact that we might actually be able to accelerate some of our timelines depending on the route that we go whether it's greenfield or just building out within Bloomington. Bloomington will not be a second cousin with regards to drug substance manufacturing. A very different look and feel, actually more of a big pharma field there in terms of the available space and capability for drug substance. And it's really turning our heads towards thinking about where we're going to place that fourth and fifth train, or whether or not we can accelerate it faster than our Madison alone timelines, so really exciting times. We also think that we're hitting a real sweet spot here. As you know, our strategy is what we call flexible development in manufacturing within biologics, with our single-use bioreactors and the bioreactors that we're targeting here which is the 2,000 liter, just gives us a lot of flexibility, which is bringing a lot of customers. The other part of this is Bloomington has really a terrific mix of high-end pharma customers. In fact, complementing our own portfolio, so we're also very conscious on what they're looking for. So, we don't expect to have a second cousin here in drug substance. Certainly, they have a leadership position in drug product, but drug substance, I think, is going to be shared very well across both of those facilities which are geographically relatively close also. So, we're going to able to get some use across both of those teams.
John R. Chiminski: Yes, sure. So, first of all, on the drug substance front, it's fundamentally today for clinical trials. And we do see and are actively pursuing some customers that will be moving us into the commercial range as we exit FY 2018 and head into FY 2019. And as a matter of fact, some of the customers that we're looking at to fill the new capacity are going to require commercial manufacturing. And we're readying the facility for that transition from an FDA standpoint. From a Cook Pharmica standpoint, they're already very strong from a drug product standpoint for commercial products. They had 12, and then in last quarter had one more approval, so they now have 13 products that are in commercial manufacturing. And they have another dozen or so that have the potential, if approved, to go to commercial manufacturing. I think from a longer-term standpoint, clearly, the very strong demand is from the high amount of large molecules that are in the pipeline, and those are growing at a faster rate than the small molecule. So we're going to continue to see very strong demand on that clinical front. And then, it just depends on whether or not some of these products get approved moving forward. As you know, the FDA appears to be accelerating its drug approvals and had its biggest year ever last year. But again, that's a piece much different than the roughly 12,000, 14,000 molecules that are in the pipeline. So, I think, clinical will continue to be very strong, and then the hopes are that you continue to have clinical products that maybe the ones that get approved.
John R. Chiminski: Yes. So, first of all, we're going to take very seriously any changes to long-term guidance. It's obviously not a quarterly or annual guidance change. So we're going to do this in conjunction with our strategic plans. And we have been growing at rates that are higher than our long-term guidance, and there've been several factors for that. But now, we also have the addition of Biologics. And I think the factors that will come involved will be a much stronger look in Biologics and its mix in the business, and how we see that evolving over the next three to five years. We'll also have to take into effect the change that will happen with what we just mentioned with ASC 606 from a clinical trial supply standpoint that obviously take out that revenue component from comparator. From there, Softgel will continue to grow at the lower end of that 4% to 6% guidance. And then, on top of that, we have performance in our oral drug business which we have some strong potential with regards to an extension of our Zydis product. We have something that is now called Zydis Ultra. And if we can sell into that combined with continued strong performance out of our Winchester and Kansas City facilities, we've got to put that all into the mix and then determine whether or not a long-term outlook change is warranted. So the fundamentals of the business are very strong, again, growing at the top end. And it's just whether or not we want to make a fundamental change in that outlook. And we'll do that very purposefully through our strat plan. And we expect that to happen either at our Q3 or Q4 guidance – or Q3 or Q4 earnings reports that will be coming up.
John R. Chiminski: Yeah. So, I'll just give you a rough number that you won't be able to back into, so sorry. But we've already sold about 10% of the capacity, if you will, through that first quarter, which is really terrific noting that most pharma assets run at 40%, and we're just bringing this online, and we really got about 10% sold into it. That will be through the second half of this fiscal year, and then, obviously, we're going to see that continuing to accelerate. As you know, we were at full capacity, stretching to get one last batch out of the existing Madison facility. We filled that probably, I would say, at least two years in advance of what we thought would happen. So, we really had to dovetail in between maxing out that capacity and bringing online new capacity, which again just bodes incredibly well. There is, overall, very strong demand out there. But I'd also say that Catalent's sitting in the sweet spot of that demand with our single-use bioreactors, the 2,000, and kind of our flexible manufacturing approach. So, all in all, it so far turned out to be a really strong story for the company and bodes well for the future.
John R. Chiminski: Well, first of all, Dana, welcome to the Catalent name. Great to have you on board. So, first of all, we've done a tremendous amount of work from, I would say, just understanding and analyzing the market for biologics. We have a strong biologics team internally. We've used external consultants. We also have an excellent, biologics-focused strategic advisory board, in fact just met last week on Thursday. And all of the data that we have shows that really demand should outpace supply over the next five years. And that is continuing to hold. The other side of that is we continue to see a tremendous amount of capacity being either announced for investment or bringing online. So, to-date, that hasn't muted any of the opportunities, but we're going to continue to watch that very closely, but it certainly is a very robust marketplace. Pricing continues to be very strong if you have that capacity. And again, we're hitting a sweet spot with our single-use bioreactors and really going up to the 2,000 liters and now be doing 2x2,000 liters. So, overall, I would say, it bodes well. I'll dip a little bit into your second question that was focused around M&A and say that there continues to be opportunities. I think with the Bloomington biologics facility that we now have, there's a tremendous opportunity for us organically. However, if there are other assets that we think can continue to accelerate what we're doing and specifically the drug product area continues to be very robust. There's probably a little bit more that we can do there. And we're also finding that from a biologics standpoint, having that integrated solution all the way from cell line development, all the way to finished drug product, and also cartridge manufacturing for some of these auto-injectors is a big deal. So, we're going to continue to look pretty hard in this space. Our first priority is going to continue to fill things out from a capital standpoint, where we've seen strong organic plays in both our Madison and Bloomington facility, but again, active for other pieces that we might be able to fill out.
John R. Chiminski: ...characterize it more as it's tight versus a regular shortage. And a large part of it was driven a little bit by the hurricanes that hit specifically to our Texas facility for one of the manufacturers, and so, additional capacity needs to be put online. But we don't expect any of that to be a long-term effect, it's just the short-term effect. And I think Matt properly characterized it, it's just a watch out for us. But we do see our way to that kind of flattish second half for Softgel.
John R. Chiminski: Okay. Great. Thanks, operator, and thanks, everyone, for your questions and for taking the time to join our call. I'd like to close by reminding you of a few important points. First, we're confident and committed to delivering FY 2018 results consistent with our updated financial guidance. Second, we're committed to building a world-class Biologics business for our customers and for patients and look forward to another year of double-digit revenue and EBITDA growth for our core biologics offering. The successful and efficient integration of Cook Pharmica into the Catalent family is a top priority for the management team as we look to swiftly capitalize from the benefits of having both drug substance and drug product capability under one roof. Third, we're aware our business continues to outperform our long-term outlook of 4% to 6% revenue growth. We continue to work internally on our annual update to our strategic plan and assessing the future impact of the Cook Pharmica acquisition on our long-term growth targets. Next, I'm confident that Wetteny Joseph will flourish in his new role as our CFO, building on a strong foundation established by Matt Walsh and his team. Last, but not least, operations, quality and regulatory excellence are at the heart of how we run our business and remain a constant focus and priority. We support every customer project with deep scientific expertise and commitment to putting the patient first in all we do. Thank you.
David Howard Windley: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. Good morning. Congrats on a nice quarter. I wanted to follow up on that last question, Matt. You talked about small amounts of recordable revenue in the third quarter. Beyond that, are you able to contract with clients at this point for ramp? In other words, do you have visibility to that, or are kind of signings of contracts contingent on the engineering runs and things like that? I'm just curious about the timing of kind of gaining that visibility.
David Howard Windley: That sounds like it. If I could zoom out from that, then, John, on this topic and think about how – love for you to describe how you envision servicing the demand in that market. Between your two facilities seems like one of the real beneficial aspects or assets of Cook is available space for you to grow into.
David Howard Windley: Thank you. One last question, just for clarification, Matt, you talked on the CSS piece about the difficult comps and more tempered growth. If I also take into account the change in backlog and the lower bookings, should we be thinking growth there, or should we actually be thinking that, that's going to be down against those difficult comps in the second half of the year? Thanks.
