John R. Chiminski: Thanks, Tom, and welcome, everyone, to our earnings call. Catalent's first quarter delivered a solid start to our fiscal year with year-over-year revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth in constant currency in line with our financial performance expectations. As you can see on slide 6, our revenue for the first quarter increased 5% as reported and increased 7% in constant currency to $442 million, all organic and with all reporting segments contributing to the growth. Our adjusted EBITDA of $75 million was above the first quarter of fiscal year 2016 on a constant currency basis by 3% primarily driven by our Drug Delivery Solutions segment, which recorded double-digit revenue in EBITDA growth. Our adjusted net income was $19.6 million or $0.16 per diluted share for the first quarter. Now moving to our key operating accomplishments during the quarter. First, we acquired and began integrating Pharmatek Laboratories, a West Coast U.S.-based specialist in drug development and clinical manufacturing. This acquisition adds extensive early phase drug development capabilities from discovery to clinic, brings spray drying into our extensive portfolio of advanced delivery technologies and expands our capability for handling high-potent compounds. The addition of spray drying also provides our customers with the broadest suite of bioavailability enhancement solutions, while complementing and expanding our OptiForm Solution Suite platform. Next, there are three highlights on our fast-growing biologics capability that showcase our commitment to building a world-class biologics business in support of our customers and patients. First, Triphase Accelerator has obtained worldwide rights to an oncology treatment developed using our proprietary SMARTag antibody-drug conjugate technology. Triphase will also use Catalent for development, manufacturing and analytical services to support a fast path to clinic, while the junior expertise along with our proprietary SMARTag technology and supporting infrastructure will help bring this potentially transformational treatment to patients. Second, in the quarter, we reached an agreement with Moderna Therapeutics to support near-term GMP efforts for Phase 1 and Phase 2 clinical studies for its personalized cancer vaccines. Moderna will leverage Catalent's manufacturing expertise and capabilities at our state-of-the-art facility in Madison until 2018 while Moderna builds out its own footprint. And third, two weeks ago, we broke ground on our new 22,000-square-foot expansion at our Madison biologics facility. On our last earnings call, we announced plans to expand Madison's state-of-the-art facility. This new expansion will add a third train of 2 x 2,000 liter single-use bioreactors and it's planned to be online in the second half of our fiscal year 2018. The expansion will help to meet the needs of our biologics customers and gives us additional capacity so that we may continue to aggressively grow our biologics business. I'd also like to highlight another excellent addition to our board of directors with Uwe Röhrhoff, CEO of Gerresheimer AG, joining our board following the resignation of Chinh Chu and Bruce McEvoy, the designees of our former equity sponsor, Blackstone, after the sale of their remaining interest in the company. Uwe brings additional strong pharma services and international experience and expertise to our board, and we look forward to him joining in our next regularly scheduled board meeting. We would like to thank Chinh and Bruce, who are so important to Catalent's path over these last several years. Finally, I want to reiterate that the dynamics of our industry market continue to remain very favorable and our customers' needs for fewer, bigger, better development in manufacturing partners will continue to be drivers of long-term growth. Now I'd like to turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Matt Walsh, who will take you through our first quarter financial results and provide details on our outlook for fiscal year 2017.
John R. Chiminski: Yeah. So, this is John here. Our data shows that demand will be outstripping capacity probably for about the next five years. The other thing that I'd like to point out is we know that 40% of the pipeline is currently biologics and 70% of the pipeline in biologics are going to require less than 5,000-liter capacity at full commercial scale. So, when you take a look at Catalent's strategy, it's really to build a leadership position in flexible small to medium-scale manufacturing. As you know, we did a substantial investment in our Madison facility about three years ago and we have pretty much filled up that capacity. We still have a little bit room to go, but we're proactively putting in the third train, if you will, and it's going to have the capability for the 2 x 2,000-liter single-use bioreactors and also the capabilities for 4,000 liters. So, we really think that Catalent's hitting the sweet spot, and the most recent investment where we just broke ground in Madison is going to more than double the revenue capability that we currently have at that facility. So I would say that the direction and strategy that we have is really hitting the sweet spot for where the market is.
John R. Chiminski: Yeah, sure. So, let me first start off with Pharmatek because part of that will explain the answer on OptiForm Solution Suite. So, as you know, David, our business strategy is one called Follow the Molecule which is what we're trying to do is basically get as many molecules as we can into the Catalent ecosystem because we don't know which one of those molecules ultimately would be successful, but we know once we bring them into the Catalent system that we earned development revenue on them, and then as they get through clinic and potentially get approved with any of the opportunity to do commercial revenue. So, in our strategy for acquiring some of these small tuck-in acquisitions those that have differentiated capabilities, what we're looking to do is really bring in their customer base and their suite of molecules, if you will. So in the case of Pharmatek, it brought in about 100 new unique customers, if you will. And they're seeing about 120 new molecules per year. And so there's – a big part of the strategy behind Pharmatek was then not to just have it continue to perform well as a stand-alone business, but have the capability for those molecules, which were pretty much stalled out in, I would say, clinical Phase 1, max Phase 2 commercial manufacturing capability at Pharmatek, but then the ability to take those all the way through to Phase 3 and full-time commercial manufacturing. And so we're in the early days of that, but I can already tell you that in literally the six to eight weeks since we closed – or six weeks since we closed the business that there's already a handful of customers where we've already accelerated the dialogue towards commercial manufacturing, so it's very early days. With regards to OptiForm Solution Suite, we have, I would say, more than several hundred opportunities. We've closed more than dozen, if you will, of these programs where we're working on them. And we're just going to continue to accelerate it. And I think the way to think about this from a Catalent perspective is there's generally never one molecule or one commercial deal that ends up changing the revenue profile of the company. It's just that constant layering on of those molecules that ends up building up to our 4% to 6% revenue, which is why we have that long-term visibility. So the best way to think about OptiForm Solution Suite is it's building that future pipeline. And to remind you, the OptiForm Solution Suite was a preclinical solution that we previously didn't have, so we're trying to capture customers more early in the pipeline. So I would just say from a strategy standpoint, all of this really flows together, and I'll also remind you of Micron which is pretty much right down the same ZIP Code although I would say Pharmatek has an even higher level of capability especially with them bringing in spray drying.
John R. Chiminski: Yeah, sure. So I would just say with regards to my comment about demand outstripping capacity, it certainly is providing for a very robust pricing dynamic for our team, and we're also able to strike much more strategic deals with, I would say, the larger production capacity and, in fact, we're able to reserve – actually charge for reserving capacity in some cases. So, I would just say that the normal economic dynamics of supply and demand are being taken into a place and – being taken into account in terms of how we allocate the scarce remaining capacity that we have to generate the best business for Catalent. And what we're trying to do, obviously, is get ahead of the curve here. And this next capacity expansion, we're really moving forward very quickly and should have it online by the end of fiscal year 2018, which is going to double our revenue-generating capacity from that site which, by the way, has tripled its revenue in the course of two or three years. So it's a pretty exciting time, and I think we do have the right strategy in terms of kind of the flexible small-scale manufacturing, which is really where the business was heading. With regards to Triphase, I think this is exactly what we saw when we bought the Redwood Bioscience business. It really was a very unique technology, second-generation ADC technology. And in this specific case, you have to read through our press release very carefully, but you'll see that that actually is a molecule that was developed by Catalent using the ADC technology that we have then out-licensed exclusively to Triphase. And so in that kind of a scenario, there are milestones in manufacturing that goes with it, and then if it would – if we move – so it's milestones and royalty. And if it moves forward and gets commercialized, there's significant royalties on the ultimate commercial product. So, it's very interesting, and I think Triphase is the first of hopefully many more deals like this and Roche that we've announced that really was the impetus for us acquiring that technology from Redwood Bioscience. And again, it fits in with our overall strategy of, I would just say, flexible development and flexible manufacturing for biologics. So we're pursuing it very, very aggressively and we'll continue to invest.
John R. Chiminski: Yeah. So, what I would just say is that there's two things going on here. One is the volume from customers and the other is the way that plant needs to operate under the changes that were required under our response to the ANSM. And so, first of all, you do not have a fully loaded plant, you really only have 30 of 40 products that are currently online, and those other 10 products may not ever come online because, quite frankly, our customers actually had significant requirements that they had to fulfill to actually bring those products back online. So, in some cases, they've chosen not to bring them back to the company because they were marginally successful in the marketplace. It wasn't worth the effort. And then so you have lower volume with higher constraints being put on a pharmaceutical facility. So, really from an overall performance standpoint, it really – really, we were able to model it out for the entire year, and it's not going to get back to its previous performance, and we have that fully baked in to our fiscal year 2017 financials and guidance.
John R. Chiminski: Yeah. I would just say that the overall regulatory environment continues to, I would say, strengthen. Meaning that not only has the FDA taken up their game, but certainly a lot of the other regulators around the world have taken up their game. We don't see any differentiated, I would say, audits at the Catalent level. It's just kind of ongoing and sustained with, I would say, generally better regulatory audits, and I'm just basing that upon my 30 years in the industry in terms how many auditors they bring and how long they stay and what ultimately are things that they observe and have findings on. I think from a Catalent perspective, the way we look at this is that the regulatory costs and burdens will only continue to increase within the pharma and biopharma space, which is one of the reasons that there's really going to continue to be fewer, bigger, better suppliers like Catalent because the smaller players, it becomes more challenging for them to continue to compete, invest in what is both a highly capital intensive as well as a high regulatory cost, so it does provide, I would say, some competitive barriers to entry or ultimately to success. So from a Catalent perspective, I would say we're continuing to invest in both our operations and quality. And I think that's just going to continue along the path that's been going on, quite frankly, for the last five to seven years. So it's not really a new phenomenon but, again, it just gets much harder for the smaller players or people that haven't made the investments in their quality and operations system.
John R. Chiminski: Okay. Thanks, operator and thanks, everyone, for your questions and for taking the time to join our call. I'd like to close by highlighting a few of the company's key priorities for fiscal year 2017. First, we are confident and fully committed to delivering fiscal year 2017 results consistent with our financial guidance, which is aligned with our long-term outlook of 4% to 6% revenue growth and 6% to 8% adjusted EBITDA growth. We're also focused on the integration of the Pharmatek acquisition, which is on track from a plan and budget perspective and has already begun to add value to the company and our customers. Next, we're committed to building a world-class biologics business for our customers and for patients and look forward to another year of double-digit revenue and EBITDA growth from our core biologics offering. And finally, operations, quality and regulatory excellence is at the heart of how we run our business and remains a constant focus and priority. We support every customer project with deep scientific expertise and a commitment to putting the patient first in all we do. Lastly, we're well-positioned to capitalize on our industry leading partnerships and the potential for consolidation. We continue to target tuck-in acquisition that we can integrate swiftly and efficiently in order to maximize value to our shareholders. Thank you.
Matthew M. Walsh: So, we had not seen anything to this point, Tejas, that reflects some of the things that you've been maybe seeing announced by CROs, which seems to be the nature of your question. And our business generally doesn't correlate with their results that tightly. So, if CROs had news in a certain quarter or of a certain 180-day period, it does not necessarily flow through to Catalent's business directly. At least we haven't experienced that over the years here.
Matthew M. Walsh: Juan, all of the revenue growth recorded in the first quarter was organic. The acquisition of Pharmatek happened very late in the quarter, and so there was no P&L contribution from that acquisition.
Matthew M. Walsh: Okay. You are correct. The number of NPIs is down and there's – not all NPIs are created equal is the key to the answer here. And I'm just answering round numbers. Of the 200 NPIs that we will do in a year, they are generally a mix of branded prescription, generics, over the counter and VMS. And so because of the dramatically different revenue and profitability profiles from those NPIs, we decided to focus more on the revenue that these NPIs give us versus the count. The count provides relatively less information. And so, we will continue to disclose the count, but we'll also now start to disclose revenue at potentially a more meaningful indicator in our business. And so the specific answer to your question, though, is the count was down because we had relatively fewer VMS NPIs in the year-over-year period. And VMS product launches are generally lower-revenue, lower-volume opportunities for the company anyways. And as you can see by where the revenue moved, it wasn't significant to the overall progression of the NPI efforts of the company.
Matthew M. Walsh: No, that was the only item from the prior-year period that enters into any year-over-year comparisons people may be doing as far as Q2 goes.
Matthew M. Walsh: So from a Beinheim perspective, I would just say that our ramp-up plans are on track. We probably have, I would say, 30 of the 40 products that were being manufactured at the time that we had the facility shutdown now are back up online and we are producing to customer demand. And all of the financial impact of Beinheim is taken into account into our full-year forecast as it sits right now.
Matthew M. Walsh: I would say that this kind of variance is more reflective of the 90-day period than it is our full-year expectation, as this will happen from time to time in our various technology platforms.
Matthew M. Walsh: So the part of the business that you're talking about, the DAS business is a very small part of Catalent consolidated, and so it gets caught up in the performance of all of the other segments. So what DAS doesn't necessarily translate to what we might say for the consolidated results of the company, given that DAS in total is approximately 4% or 5% of the company's consolidated revenues.
Matthew M. Walsh: So Pharmatek on a run rate basis, Tim, is about 1% to 2% of our consolidated revenues and it's about the same at the EBITDA line. And when you think about that we acquired it three months into the year, we're talking about that kind of contribution for the remainder of the fiscal year.
Matthew M. Walsh: I would say that our Q1 performance, Tim, more or less, met our expectations in terms of the phasing of our full-year performance. So it was a good quarter, but it was basically in line with what we were expecting when we constructed the guidance.
Matthew M. Walsh: I think the only comment in the prepared remarks where I said we probably did a little bit better than we were expecting was in the consumer health volumes, on the Softgel side of the business being marginally better than we were expecting, but the outperformance there wouldn't have been enough to move things higher moving the entire company.
Matthew M. Walsh: They are overlapping. So, higher cost across the segment that does capture the comment related to the ERP upgrade at one of our sites. It also captures the change in corporate allocations, which we do year-on-year, so the Clinical Services business segment absorbs a little bit more in corporate allocations now that it's growing in size and it's absorbing some more of the centralized services that we have. And so, those two cost items come in addition to just the cost that's incurred on the higher mix to storage and distribution.
Matthew M. Walsh: Okay. And the answer to the first part of your question, George, we have factored into our guidance that Beinheim would be operating below its historic level of margin capability for the remainder of this fiscal year. So it will be sometime in FY 2018 or potentially beyond before we envision Beinheim returning to its previous level of profitability on a margin basis. And your larger question was on the EBITDA margins of the Softgel business, I think, in particular.
Matthew M. Walsh: When we created the guidance for FY 2017 around Softgel, we assumed that we would be seeing about 100 basis points or 1 percentage point of margin improvement year-on-year, even given the fact that Beinheim would be operating at reduced levels of EBITDA margins.
Matthew M. Walsh: So when we issued the FY 2017 guidance and I think we got that question, and our instruction at the time was we generally think on an annualized basis for this year that we should see free cash flow generation at 60% to 70% of adjusted net income. Nothing that happens in the first quarter would cause us to move off of that thought.
Matthew M. Walsh: So, we certainly expect higher margins out of the CSS business than it posted in the first quarter. When we think about the business, we're thinking about sort of a high-teen to 20-ish percent EBITDA margin. This is heavily dependent on how much comparator sales that we'll have in any given time period. But 18% to 20% range EBITDA on a full-year basis is generally what we would look to for our CSS business as it's structured today.
Matthew M. Walsh: Thanks, Nina. I think what we're seeing in the first quarter is mainly timing-related in the Softgel business, and on the consumer health side, it's not unusual to see that moving quarter-to-quarter. So, it doesn't cause us to change anything about our full-year expectation.
Matthew M. Walsh: The animal health business that we referred to is a business that we won some time ago. The necessary infrastructure improvements in capital is – yeah, has been purchased and installed and this week being validated. And we believe commercial volumes will be commencing in the third quarter this fiscal year. And that was a nice opportunistic win for us. We have had a couple of those in our various technology platforms that are animal health related. But at the present time, we don't – well, I guess the way to say it is animal health will probably continue to offer us opportunistic wins. It's not certain at this point in time that there's a business unit, animal health business unit there for Catalent, but it is a terrific way for us to absorb excess capacity around the network.
Matthew M. Walsh: Well, so Catalent, as we've said, is always better at predicting years than we are quarters. And let's not forget that as you look at the phasing of our year, the fourth quarter is by far our largest commercial quarter. And quite often, June is the biggest month in that quarter. So the range at the start of any year is generally driven by the fact that we don't have precise knowledge at this point of how the fourth quarter is going to shake out and specifically that month of June. So that becomes more clear to us as we draw closer to it. So there would have had to have been a significant change in our business for us to adjust full-year guidance after only 90 days in. And we just didn't see that in our first 90 days. We've had some nice positives. We've had the addition of a small acquisition. But when you think about that small acquisition being sort of 1% to not even 2% of our consolidated sales and EBITDA, that's certainly within the margin of error of how we think about the year this early in. So if your question is, gee, things seem to be going pretty well for Catalent. Why aren't you upping the guidance? And that's really why – it's really why we aren't doing it at this point.
