Derik de Bruin: Hi. Good morning. Hey, can you talk a little bit more about some of the headwinds you're seeing in the Softgel business? And I'm just real curious what was sort of the net impact from lower levels of the consumer health and the ibuprofen shortage. I'm just wondering, I mean, I know there's some impact – there's definitely some EBITDA impact, but I'm just curious in terms of...
Derik de Bruin: Yeah. I mean, that I was sort of – the next question was going to be is just like when do you think would be the early as you can see a rebound in the business? And then, I have one follow-up on that.
Derik de Bruin: Got it. That's helpful. And then, I just want to do a quick biologics question. So, we're getting a lot of questions from investors, I guess, in the sense that there is – almost every day, you see a headline about somebody adding capacity there and somebody adding capacity there.
John R. Chiminski: Yeah, sure. So first of all, we love our Softgel business, let me start with that. This has been a consistent earning business for the company for decades, continues to be the leader in Softgel with four times more share than next leading provider, so it's a great business. The business has been growing below our 4% to 6% long-term growth rates for the company, growing really at about 2% to 4% for the last couple of years. Specifically, this year, the headwind – one of the major headwinds that we're feeling is the ibuprofen shortage. And just to put it in perspective that basically had about a 2% to 3% impact in EBITDA growth for the year. And we expect that that transitory issue should resolve itself by the end of this calendar year. So that was the most significant driver, if you will. With regards to OTC, the OTC business continues to be strong for us, specifically with regards to the acquisition of the Accucaps business that brought in a portfolio of OTC products that are allowing us to enter into the North America market, so that's very strong, but as we kind of lap the Accucaps acquisition, if you will, we're not seeing the same level of growth that we saw during the periods just after the Accucaps acquisition. And then the final thing is that the new product introductions from Softgel although we continue to have a very robust pipeline. The molecules when they come to market and get approved, which is being approved at a lower rate than we had hoped for, those are for smaller disease states. So they're coming out although at very good margins at obviously lower volumes than we've had with previous launches. So putting all those things together, we're going to continue to see Softgel, again, great business or a strong cash earner, strong ROIC for the business, it will continue to grow below our 4% to 6% growth rate. So maybe little bit overly comprehensive answer for you, Derik, but I think that covers all bases on Softgel.
John R. Chiminski: Yeah. No, Derik, for us – I mean, I've now 10 years in the business. I mean, the business has really been – outside of a few quarters and a few years, it's really been growing below that 4% to 6% long-term growth rate. So we're a highly diversified business. We love it. But I think as we go forward, certainly in the near term of our upcoming strat plan, we still continue to see growth in that 2% to 4%. Like I said transitory issue with the ibuprofen, although as I said, it did have a 2% to 3% EBITDA growth impact in this year, we're going to see that through calendar year 2018. And then, the NPIs that we have for Softgel, we're excited about the products, but again, they're just for smaller disease states, so just won't bring in the same kind of growth that we have in other parts of our business.
John R. Chiminski: Sure. Sure. So, first of all, I would tell you that demand continues to be incredibly robust in all of the work that we've done over the last several years, leading up to the Madison investments as well as the Bloomington investment, show that demand is going to outstrip supply for about the next five years. And certainly, you do continue to see people, I would say, following suite to Catalent in terms of going single-use bioreactor and going sub-5,000. So, you do see those type of announcements, but putting things in perspective with all of the capacity that that we have and we're contemplating putting online through our strategic plans, we'll still be in the kind of 20,000 to 30,000 liter capacity arena, which is very small compared to the overall capacity. And so, I really have no concerns that Catalent at some point will ever be caught in a overcapacity situation because, again, with that modest amount of capacity, we're going to be able to continue to pick and choose our customers. With regards to downstream and inventory management, that's not something that we see at all. The large part of our drug substance customers are all pre-commercial. They're in a clinical phase. So there's no inventory management that's happening to service those clinical trials. And we continue to see incredibly robust demand on our drug product side, now that we have the Bloomington business. So that may be something that you're hearing about, I would say, on the pharma biotech side. It's felt from a CDMO standpoint in Catalent.
John R. Chiminski: Yeah. So, first of all, there's no new normal with regards to our organic growth rate. We did have a very strong first half, as you know, and our overall growth rate organically for the year will be in the range of 4% to 5%. So there's no new, I would say, tooling down of our organic growth rate. We did have some specific headwinds from an organic standpoint. We've talked about some challenges that we had in our Woodstock business that have been modulating. We also had some challenges in our analytic business, if you will. And then just the overall performance, I would say, Softgel getting back down to its normal long-term growth rate just kind of what got us here. But as we look forward, I would say that we're going to continue to have organic growth rate as we've stated in that 4% to 6%. And the thing, as we look forward to fiscal year 2019, as we continue to talk about our long-term growth rates, our fiscal year 2019 will continue to be, again, within those range. We'll talk about that when we release our earnings for the year. But at the same time, our 2019 will have those kind of growth rates while absorbing a change from a revenue accounting standpoint on our comparator business, which is nearly 4 points. So that'll just talk about the robust nature of our overall organic growth rate. With regards to our Biologics business, specifically the Madison and Bloomington, I would tell you that there's no ebbing of those growth rates for the foreseeable future. As we forecast out during our strat plan, again, we'll talk about this more in our fourth quarter and guidance for fiscal 2019, we continue to see very robust demand in the strategic plans that we just presented to the board. We're going to have substantial investments both, again, in Madison as well as Bloomington that will continue the growth rate that they have now will be, again, continued throughout our strategic plan. So, I don't see any ebbing of that Biologics growth rate, continues to be very strong. We feel really good about it. And so far out of the gate, Bloomington has exceeded our expectations for now two quarters in a row and hopefully, we'll continue on that trend.
John R. Chiminski: Yeah. Sure, Tejas (sic) [Tycho]. And again, we haven't unbundled our full strat plan and probably components of it that we'll share with you guys in our fiscal year 2018 earnings release and as we look to provide guidance for fiscal year 2019. But actually where this has landed is that we're probably going to work towards both meaning I think we're moving forward with a fourth and fifth train in Madison – I shouldn't say I think, we're doing the engineering study right now and have had those conversations with our board. And then we're also looking at additional capacity probably 2x2,000 within Bloomington. So, this is one where interestingly enough where we're at with regards to the terrific capacity of Bloomington with the momentum that we have in Madison, we're actually going to do both. So that just again talks to the robust opportunity we have within both Biologics and our forecasts for future demand.
John R. Chiminski: What I would say is this was not related to the equipment or this new suite itself, this was just the component filter that we use in the process, which we were able to get down to the root cause and get through that issue and now operational.
John R. Chiminski: Yeah. I would just say, DDS continues to be a great and strong business for us. We don't have a base business problem. We definitely had several headwinds that went through and again outside of the product participation, which we've been forecasting the kind of the fall off of that, the rest of the business continues to perform. And certainly as Woodstock continues to heal, if you will, with the operational and compliance efforts that we've put in there, should see strong – strong normal performance out of that business unit.
John R. Chiminski: Dave, the only other thing I would add there in terms of more specifics around the timing. The product participation related to Drug Delivery Solutions will – we will lap beginning in fiscal 2019 on day one. Within Softgel, we started talking about this for the first time during our second quarter, so our last quarter within fiscal 2018. So, we will probably see another quarter headwinds around that going into fiscal 2019 on the Softgel side.
John R. Chiminski: Yeah. Good question, Steve. So first of all as you know we kind of popped up to a pretty high amount going from, I guess, it's 14% to 21% right, Tommy.
John R. Chiminski: And in terms of overall impact of revenue from Biologics. And as we look out towards our strat plan, we're going to be in the 30% to 35% range in terms of overall Biologics. And that actually, I believe, is going to be at the EBITDA level. So, pretty compelling from a strategic standpoint in terms of our entry into Biologics. And in terms of where we're playing, I don't want to minimize at all the level of capacity that we're putting in place because when you take a look at those players in the sub-5,000 area, so even though we'll be in that range, I guess, I mentioned somewhere between 20,000 and 30,000 liters, that will make us one of the leaders in the **sub-5,000 liter category. With regards to the split, I haven't done the math precisely, but when I just think about it, broadly speaking, I believe that our drug substance and drug product, they'll probably be somewhere between 60/40 with the drug product being about 60% because we also have to include the Biologics switch that we plan on doing also in our Brussels facility that also was a prefilled syringe. One of the interesting aspects as we've literally told Bloomington to act as though they've acquired Brussels, which our prefilled syringe and to basically put it on the same flight path, if you will, as Bloomington. I just had a conversation with the business development we do there and we have ongoing discussions. So, that's what the split will be, I mean, whether it lands 60/40 or 50/50, I don't know, but it will be between the two. But the cool thing about that, David, is that gives us end-to-end, right. So, everything from cell line development, which is where we really got our toehold in terms of being a leader in biologics development through the cell line development with GPEx through drug substance. And now with Bloomington, drug products so that end-to-end capability is something that we didn't have, which is why Bloomington was such a strategic acquisition for us. And I think, with that, I think I answered those two questions anyway.
John R. Chiminski: Yeah. Simple answer is yes and yes. So, what are the challenges that we had, just for more explanation is that in Madison, we had many customers that wanted us to go from drug substance through to drug product. It was actually a detractor for us winning even more business because they didn't want to – they'd go from drug substance and then have to find another supplier for drug products, and we're only able to do it at very small scale down in our RTP facility. So now, we literally have that drug substance to drug products. So, very much a core demand by our customers with regards to commercial, absolutely, in fact, if I get my numbers correctly correct, I believe it's 13 or – Tommy, is it 14? Okay. It's now 14 products have been – are commercially approved in Bloomington. So we're already in commercial manufacturing. And they have a dozen or so that have the potential to go commercial this year. So, one of the beautiful things that we got with Bloomington is we've always talked about the fact that we don't want a facility, we need a pipeline, which is why you don't see Catalent jumping after castaway pharma plants, right? This place built up a juggernaut pipeline over the last 15 years. So, that – in fact, their focus was to make – to some extent filtering customers where they wanted to make sure that it was – it had the potential to go from clinical to commercial and actually de-prioritizing customers that might have only been clinical. So, very robust business, they're teaching us a few things to do even better within Catalent, and that end-to-end capability is really a huge competitive advantage for us now and one of the reasons that we continue to be able to forecast the strong double-digit growth well into the future of our strat plan.
John R. Chiminski: Sure. So, first of all, just a reminder, a lot of what we're doing in Asia Pac over the last several years was to really drive revenue as we had a waning pipeline prior to purchasing Accucaps, both on the OTC front as well as the Rx front. Had some strong growth two or three years ago in Asia Pac. A lot of that was driven by China, Alibaba, strong contracts that we have with a significant customer there. But as I would see Softgel got Accucaps as well as continues to execute on the pipeline that they have, we deemphasized some of that along with regulatory changes that happened in China. And as a matter of fact, we had announced some strategic changes with regards to Asia Pac where we've entered into an agreement with regards to our largest customer there, is actually we've signed an agreement for them to take over that facility and they will close in over probably an 18-month period as we transfer some of those products back into the rest of our Softgel network. So, I think, we've played Asia Pac very well over the last several years and now we're kind of repositioning into the core businesses within Europe as well as the United States. Japan continues to be a key market for us and we're committed to that facility there.
John R. Chiminski: So, again, we haven't talked about how much of our strategic plan we'll be sharing broadly with the analysts and investors, but I will say that there's significant continuity from last year's strategic plan to this year's strategic plan with more emphasis, I would say, specifically on Biologics. So last year, we talked about accelerating our focus on Biologics. And this year, with the acquisition of Bloomington now behind us, we're actually going to accelerate and expand our investments in Biologics. So with the addition of Bloomington, the capability to transform our Brussels facility more towards Bloomington on a Drug Delivery standpoint, the investments that we now have in Madison, there's going to be a significant amount of our CapEx that will go in towards Biologics. We've got some great investments on our long-cycle business. And then, I think we haven't talked about it, but you've certainly probably sensed it, especially with my conversation right now about the dispositioning of our Braeside facility in Australia. We continue to look at our network to make sure that our network is lined up with where we want to maximize our growth, our return, and quite frankly, our leadership efforts. So strong continuity between last year and this year with, I would say, enhancements based upon what our business is doing. I would also just say that from a macro standpoint, the market continues to be very, very strong and robust, continues to tilt towards Biologics, but 50% of what's in the pipeline is still going to be small molecule, which is, obviously, a sweet spot that we've had for many, many years. So, again, overall, I would say strong continuity with us making some important tweaks, especially on the Biologics front as we go forward, which will require even more investment to continue to keep the party going with the strong growth rates.
John R. Chiminski: Yes. I guess what I'm saying, so first of all, you know that our comparator business – I mean, if I were to just do it on a percentage growth basis, it still looks like you're almost going to lose 4% roughly, if you will. We'll still continue to grow in the 4% to 6% range, while absorbing in our fiscal year 2019 that revenue recognition change. I'll just look to Tom to make sure that my numbers are rough and correct, if I'm wrong.
John R. Chiminski: So, George, first of all, what I would say is, we continue to see very good dynamics in the market from a Biologics perspective and when you look at supply and demand imbalance. And that's going to continue to support an attractive pricing environment, and we think that will be at least another five years. So, as new capacities coming on stream now both from us and others, we don't see that tilting again for about a five-year horizon. And so, we expect to continue to see attractive pricing environment in Biologics.
John R. Chiminski: Yeah. In fact, I think that's worth for me just emphasizing that one of the outputs of our strategic plan is, I guess, the firm recognition that Softgel, again, great business that's been growing slightly below our 4% to 6% long-term growth rates of the company back in the private equity days, we were really trying to turn every business into a high growth business. And the fact is where we're at within Softgel is that it's a great business, we're the leader. And what we've realized is with the pipeline that they have and the mix of business that we have that we've put in place, I would say, some very strong productivity enhancement programs of the business that will allow it to continue to be a strong cash generator for the business which it has done over the last couple of decades, but I expect that to be enhanced even more as we go forward.
John R. Chiminski: Yeah. No, we don't provide that level of detail, obviously, for confidentiality with our customers. I would just say that we really like the mix of business that we have there. Bloomington brought in, I would say, a different mix of customers than we had had in our Madison facility. There are some very strong marquee names that you would recognize and it's obviously evident by the fact that they have already 14 commercial products in manufacturing there with about a dozen more that are slated potentially over the next 12 to 18 months if they get approved. You can imagine that with the large number of customers we have both in Madison and Bloomington that they're hitting all the key important therapeutic areas that people are – that are, I would say, currently in the news. And I apologize for not being able to be more specific on that front, Justin.
John R. Chiminski: Yeah. It's been minimal. The way we've played in biosimilars is through our design of about a dozen-plus biosimilars that we out-license to other, I would say, these are non-U.S., other countries where the customers take those products and then fully develop them to put on the market. In terms of other customers coming to us with biosimilars, it's not really a factor in any of our facilities right now.
John R. Chiminski: ...to meet all the requirements for serialization. It's actually been a very significant investment of time, effort, and capital. Some of it shared with customers to reach our serialization. And for anybody that understands this piece knows that it's been pushed off several times, but Catalent is well-positioned to be able to meet the serialization requirements.
John R. Chiminski: All I would say is, our customers – our existing customers expect that we'll be able to do it and customers that are coming to us new expect that we'll have it. So, it's more of a requirement within the industry. And I can't say that we've been seeing any additional growth because we've had it, but I do know others will be challenged if they don't have a level of resources that Catalent has from an operations quality standpoint.
John R. Chiminski: Yeah. I mean, purely – pure and simple, I would say, that our issue in analytical is purely execution in leadership. There is robust demand in the business. Generally speaking, we've taken all comers there. And part of the leadership issue has also been not firmly defining from a business perspective where we want to play in the analytical space. So, we had again execution and leadership issues which are being remediated now. So, we don't have concerns that that's a long-term problem but certainly has reared its head this year.
John R. Chiminski: Okay. Great. Thanks, operator, and thanks everyone for your questions and for taking the time to join our call. I'd like to close by reminding you of a few important points. First, we are confident and committed to delivering fiscal year 2018 results consistent with our financial guidance and are focused on continuing to drive organic growth across our overall business. Second, we're committed to building world-class biologics business for our customers and for patients, and look forward to continued strong revenue and EBITDA growth from our core biologics offerings. Third, the continued successful and efficient integration of our new Bloomington biologics business into the Catalent family is a top priority for the management team as we look to swiftly capitalize from the benefits of having both drug substance and drug product capability under one roof. Last but not least, operations, quality, and regulatory excellence are at the heart of how we run our business and remain a constant focus and priority. We support every customer project with deep scientific expertise and a commitment to putting the patient first in all we do. Thanks, everyone.
Wetteny Joseph - Catalent, Inc.: Accucaps is roughly 4% on the top line and about 2% of the Softgel EBITDA on the acquisition, which as a reminder, we anniversaried that acquisition in the third quarter. In terms of our leverage ratio, overall as we mentioned, we're at 4.3 times. We continue to expect about – and the business has demonstrated we can de-lever about 0.5 to 0.75 points. And so, we would expect by the end of this fiscal year to be roughly at 4.1 times leverage by the end of fiscal year. In terms of the next year looking at full year of Bloomington acquisition, as well as underlying EBITDA performance of the business, we would expect over the next 18 months to get back to the pre-acquisition levels, which are in the 3.7 range in terms of leverage.
Wetteny Joseph - Catalent, Inc.: Sure. What I would say is there are few headwinds within our Drug Delivery business, which we pointed out, particularly the product participation as we've been discussing throughout the year and have already factored into our guidance for the year. We expect to get to the bottom of that by the end of this fiscal year. And so that was certainly an element of the organic growth that you saw within the Drug Delivery business. And then in terms of analytical services, this is, as a reminder, a relatively short-cycle business which we can cycle through fairly quickly any issues that we see there, and this is primarily a sort of a commercial sales challenge that we've come across. And again, a short-cycle business that we – similar to our clinical business that we can get through rather quickly. This is not a fundamental shift in the business by any way, and we'll be working through that shortly.
Wetteny Joseph - Catalent, Inc.: First of all, we do have product participation headwinds within Softgel business as well and similar to our DDS business. As I explained earlier, we expect to reach further tail-end of those by the end of the fiscal year, again, those are all factored into our guidance and are in line with our expectations. Broadly speaking product participation was more of a feature of our business in prior years when we've had scheme of revenue – relatively high-margin revenue come through those agreements towards the end of their lifespan. And should there be any opportunities in the future, I will certainly be optimistic about those, but they're not a current feature of our core business today.
Wetteny Joseph - Catalent, Inc.: First of all, on Bloomington in terms of capacity utilization, I would say, we're roughly about 45% capacity utilization right now. The way we think about Bloomington and similarly to our Madison facility with the third train is that they have the potential to double their capacity of roughly 40% to 45% to about 80% in roughly four years. Now, the pipeline of products that are going through the clinic and the speed that those happen as well as leveraging across both of those facilities may give us an opportunity to accelerate that somewhat, but it's roughly a four-year timeframe that we look at in terms of how long. To your second question, as far as separating out to a separate unit, I would say that's something that we are evaluating. As you know, we're required to report our segments similar to how we run the business internally. And should we decide to do that, we will certainly inform you and provide an update at that time.
Wetteny Joseph - Catalent, Inc.: So, what I would say in Softgel is relatively stable pricing environment, a little bit of pressure in some areas within Softgel. I would say that more of the challenge will be a mix between higher margin prescription in North America as we saw in this current quarter versus VMS or other consumer health that may come through the facility. So by and large, I would say, there's – I would not say there's significant headwind from a pricing perspective, although there are some. I would say it's more of a mix challenge within Softgel. In terms of performance of the business from a profitability perspective, we expect to continue to drive utilization across our sites which certainly helps, but also for productivity projects and initiatives that we have as we went through the strategic planning exercise organically to continue to deliver at the current levels or better from a EBITDA margin perspective for the Softgel business.
Wetteny Joseph - Catalent, Inc.: What I would say is, we anniversaried the Accucaps acquisition in the current quarter. I would just put it together with the rest of the Softgel business, and say, historically, Softgel has performed towards the low end of the range of our long-term total consolidated range for revenues, so I would say, 2% to 4%. And Accucaps will just be supporting that growth rate from a Softgel perspective going forward.
Wetteny Joseph - Catalent, Inc.: Yes. Okay. I would say, beyond adding capacity to the site over time, we've talked about the fourth and fifth train and so on, excluding that, it's roughly $10 million worth of maintenance CapEx, I would say, annually to support the ongoing business.
Wetteny Joseph - Catalent, Inc.: What I would say, Justin, just to add briefly to that is, by and large, we've selected to play in a sub-5,000 liter market segment, which doesn't necessarily attracts significant amount of biosimilars, although we do participate in biosimilars particularly in developing, selling, et cetera. So, that is the underpinning why you won't see significant amount of biosims within our Biologics business.
