WettenyJoseph: Hey, Tejas. It's Wetteny here. As we've consistently said in prior years, the first quarter is our lightest quarter by far, given this is now in business and the timing of when we do the majority of our maintenance shutdowns. And we tend to really, as we look at the guidance that we set out at the beginning of the year and we continue to have line of sight into, we don't really move in either direction after posting our results on the first quarter, and again given a consistent visibility that we have of course the year. So that was the case in the last several years and will continue to be the case for us.
WettenyJoseph: Yes. So, as a reminder - look, we've completed a really strong quarter here overall with posting solid double-digit organic growth overall for Catalent as well as three of our segments posting double-digit organic growth, Tejas. Our acquisitions are really executing well for us and performing very well at or above our expectations. And as we've said during the prepared comments, we are reaffirming our guidance for the year. Now, Biologics, as you reminded here in your question, in the fourth quarter we did highlight that we have a customer that had non-cell line clinical manufacturing that we were we were performing for them over the last few years and that was a known timeframe for doing that as they were building out their own capacity in that they concluded. And if you adjust that out, the top line for the Biologics business would have been about 12% organic growth and about a 5% organic growth at the EBITDA line, as we continue to make investments in various parts of our business. Now, as I highlighted in the last calls as well, our drug product business continues to have significant demand. Utilization across our biologics drug product manufacturing site in the US continues to ramp up quite nicely for us. And we've seen, as John mentioned earlier, the 21st commercial product approval in that business and we'll continue to see the ramp-up of utilization there. Drug substance, however, is a business that is almost entirely in preclinical and clinical stages, and until we have a commercial product - commercial products in our US drug substance manufacturing facility, we'll continue to see some level of variability in that business. And we have certain plans to have, let's say, commercial-ready and we continue to see the programs advance in that in our pipeline for us, based the matter of time before we will have a commercial approval, which should have more less variability in the business, if you will. So those are the contributions here. But if you exclude the one customer we referenced, you'd be looking at about 12% top line growth and about 5% EBITDA growth organically in that segment.
WettenyJoseph: Yes. So, Jon, look. We're certainly not seeing significant demand variability here. The market continues to remain really robust. I think what we're seeing here is variability on clinical cycles. So, as you know, it's not compared to a commercial drug that you know that you've manufacturing certain amount to supply the market. Clinical programs tend to have need for buy manufacturing batches from time to time and they vary depending on where they are in the cycle. One thing we are seeing, I would say, is the third suite which we launched in April of prior - previous fiscal years is about 15 or 18 months ago, that third suite, which is the largest manufacturing of site to the bioreactor, we have sort of the 2 x 2,000-liter, continues to ramp up really, I would say, above our expectations. We're seeing anywhere from 60% to 70%-plus utilization on that Phase 3, and it's really in reference to the programs that are continuing to advance and are meeting larger-sized batches. It's the smaller suites that we're seeing more variability in those would be the ones they have earlier clinical programs. One last point I'll make is, we are starting to see some early signs of uptick in terms of its earliest part of the business, if you will, where we are doing the cell-line development of some other of - process development work which would lead to more biomanufacturing down the road. So that's a little bit more in terms of what we're seeing and what that might signal for the future for the business. But I would say that the clinical pipeline is typically more variable than commercial, and until we have commercial products transaction in that facility, we'll continue to see variability.
WettenyJoseph: So, Juan, first of all, the organic performance in the quarter was really driven not only by the Oral and Specialty but across our Softgel and Oral Technologies and our CSS. All three have been delivered double-digit organic growth both on the revenue and adjusted EBITDA line. With respect to OSD in particular posting 18% organic top line growth, 46% on the EBITDA, I would say across the business we saw strength in the first quarter. The latter part of your question with respect to ophthalmic respiratory that was really not a driver in the quarter. I would say that was roughly in line with what the business wrote down in the prior year for that part of business. Across our development, and then all the services we saw strength as well as our commercial end of the spectrum, including what you mentioned, which is our Zydus platform. So I would say relatively speaking, if you recall, just to reminder, in terms of how last year transpire in the first quarter, it was in relative terms a weaker for that segment certainly. So as we look at this organic performance, I would not expect that to be the level of performance of the business for the year. Our visibility is strong across the business and all those things have factored into the guidance that we started with and we just reaffirmed today.
WettenyJoseph: Yes. So Juan, what I would say is, first of all, we don't give segment-level guidance, right. So I just want to remind you we factor all of our businesses and our visibility and our guidance certainly from an annual basis. But we have shared and will continue to share what our expectations are for segments in long term. And so from a long-term perspective, I would say that what we are now calling Softgel and Oral Technologies, SOT, the legacy Softgel business we said was a 2% to 4% grower long term. And I would say - look, the portion that we've now moved into the segment is roughly 20%, 25% of that segment. So not large enough to move it substantially, but I would say probably at a point on both ends of that so that than 2% to 4%, you're probably looking at 3% to 5% for that segment long term. And then our Oral and Specialty segment, well, would be - previously we've said it should be performing at the higher end of the former 4% to 6%. So we were saying the business that should grow in that 6 to 8 percent-ish if you were long term. I would say, with the pieces that we've moved out, it's probably about the same to slightly maybe 50, 60 basis points below that. So I would put it probably in that 5% to 7% range long term is what I would say. So you add a point to the sort of SOT business and you take 1 out from the OSD. So those are the primary moves. If you look at Biologics, we've now removed the ophthalmic and respiratory from that segment. That was a slower end of the spectrum, if you will. So previously we said the SDD business had 60% core Biologics with the remaining 40% in the specialty. Have we removed that portion, we still have our injectables business in Europe, which is largely a small molecule but are long-term plans of the - continue to transform that will be more Biologics focus? But if you were to take this segment now, I'd say it's about 90% - 85% to 90% biologics-focus, which we would expect long term to be growing in the team with that latter 15%, if you will - 10% to 15% being more in the 4% to 6% range. So hopefully that gives you a sense from a long term what we expect from our various segments and obviously CSS remains unchanged. We would expect that to be, again, in a more along the lines of a 6% to 8% grower, long term clearly above that right now given the recent uptick we've seen in new business wins, which we are now seeing execute and burning through their backlog, which were very favorable.
WettenyJoseph: Look, I would say first of all, again, the first quarter represents about anywhere from 16% to 18% of our year typically what we see in the first quarter. So it's not a substantial in terms of proportional portion of the year where we would change our guidance unless we see something material in our visibility, which we continue to be confident in what we see in the business across both our long-cycle on our short-cycle parts of the business across our segments. So we just tend to have to not shift or thinking on the guidance. The other thing I would just remind you of in terms of the buildup of the guidance that we issued, I would reference you back to the prior quarter where we laid out our guidance, including the Australia facility which we just closed, that one is, if you take out about $34 million to $37 million of revenue of the top line, $3 million to $4 million of the EBITDA line, so I just want to make sure, as you might allow - you are taking those things into consideration - and keep in mind we also take the organic, the Paragon acquisition, it was inorganic for the year. So that would not be included in the commentary given from an organic perspective. So look, we're pleased with the start of the year as a solid first quarter. We continue to have strong visibility as we look out for the rest of the year and are confident in delivering what we reaffirmed today, but we just tend to not - again, unless there is a material shift that we're seeing, which is going to change our outlook for the rest of the year.
WettenyJoseph: Yes. So when you look at Paragon, the guidance we provided, you're correct in terms of the column in the buildup were in that range. It does not include the portion that is organic. As you may recall, we closed the deal in the middle of the fourth quarter. So, all in, it represents closer to $260 million at the top line, roughly $75 million of EBITDA line is what's embedded in the overall guidance. With respect to what we're seeing in the business, we continue to see really robust demand across the sleeve visibility. I would say for a business that's largely in the clinic, the visibility is I would say a higher than we would normally see, given the amount of contracted portion of what we're seeing for the year. I'll say this is a business that continues to perform at or above our expectations and we haven't seen any change in terms of what the outlook looks like in terms of demand. And you may recall, when we announced the deal, we took our growth rate from a long-term perspective from on organic growth rate of 4% to 6% of the top line to 6% to 8% for the overall Catalent picture. So I think you can back calculate what that implies from a long-term perspective for the Paragon business and we continue to have that as part of what we expect from the business and are seeing to execute to.
WettenyJoseph: Yes, Evan, you're about right. I think when you look at the Paragon business again continues to perform, I would say above our expectations, we did announce and closed the acquisition of certain assets from Novavax early in the quarter. We continue to make investments there as we onboard those individuals in those new sites, which really expand our front end, I would say, for the business and our ability to continue to attract more and more programs into the gene and cell therapy business to Paragon. So we're very pleased with how that integration is going, and it is part of the picture here as you look at the first quarter with respect to what the business deliver is a bit of that investment I would say that Novavax assets were marginally dilutive to what we've seen in the first quarter, and it's what we expected. When we gave our guidance, we had certain visibility into that and continue to be in line with what we expect.
WettenyJoseph: Yes. So look, Evan, first of all, certainly there are things that our customers have put out in the public domain rather than us putting out, but I would say, again with respect to Paragon, our visibility level in the businesses is I would say higher than what you would expect for business that's largely in the clinic, given the contracted revenues, the sort of take-or-pays and things like that that our customers may have in place. As we model the business and the acquisition, we certainly modeled what is contracted, not necessarily any significant uptake, if you will, on their banking on any particular commercial programs that we work with our customers to get those products approved and launched and so forth. So I'll cap it there in terms of any further detail I will give on Paragon. The $260-ish million of revenue and $75 million of EBITDA, all in, including the portion of inorganic as well as the portion of organic, is something that I would say we have fairly high visibility into.
WettenyJoseph: Yes. So as we said throughout last year, this is really a worldwide shortage that we grappled with and we've put in plans to get alternative suppliers so that we can mitigate on a go-forward basis, and we continue to have to have those mitigation plans in place and are working according to our expectations. Just in terms of how the year went last year and what this year looks like in relation to that, last year, the first quarter was not a particularly challenging ibuprofen quarter for us. The second quarter was far more pronounced in terms of the impact of ibuprofen on the year than the first quarter. So as we look out versus prior year, I would say it was a meaningful driver. In fact, I think it was roughly in line with what we've seen last year for ibuprofen business has been in the first quarter. The second quarter becomes where last year was bigger impact. So I would say it's hard to say precisely where our customers been in terms of replenishing their supply chains, but this is a business that's far more stable this year than we saw certainly throughout last year and some of those mitigation plans continue to work for us.
WettenyJoseph: Engaging in, whether it's one Phase I all the way through Phase III, we are performing in the manufacturing and packaging for those projects as they - and then we handle the drugs as they go through the clinic and gets delivered through the clinics that goes to patients. We're actually seeing a nice uptick in terms of the packaging part of the business, and so it's a good balance in packaging and I would say the logistics part of it. We also see good demand across Biologics trials as well, which the handling of those tend to be more cold chain, etc. and good level in terms of margins for those. So nothing, I would say, out of the ordinary in this business. The book-to-bill ratio of 1.2 is a fairly good indicator, I would say, for what we would expect from the business. And every quarter we do provide visibility into what the new business wins are and you'll see the fluctuations on that book-to-bill ratio accordingly.
JohnChiminski: So, John Chiminski here. So first of all I would say that our customers in the small to medium size, who are really looking for a full suite of service, are the ones that we're getting the most traction with regards to cross-selling. Some of the simple things that we did besides launching the OneBio Suite is to put basically project managers into some of our early development sites, giving them access to the customers very early on for our Clinical Supply Services. And these, again, small to mid-size companies are really looking for end-to-end capabilities. And previously I would just say that we had not made it easy enough for them to access all of our capabilities, and I think we've got a significant focus there. So we continue to see our Clinical Supply Services business as a critical asset to provide that end-to-end capability, it's the business unit that has that is probably closest to our customers in patients, given that we're literally shipping our clinical supplies directly to the patients. So being able to access those customers early on is they're doing early development for their molecules and providing them access to our Clinical Supply Services project banners here is a big deal. And I would just say overall, given the broad capabilities that Catalent has as customers look to partner more and have fewer bigger, better suppliers, it's really an opportunity for us to do a lot more overall cross-selling. And again, we specifically designed an offering through OneBio to be able to do that through our Biologics business, but are certainly in a position to do that more frequently and improve outcomes for also our Oral businesses.
JohnChiminski: Yes. No, that's a good question, David, and I'll start with that. If you take a look at where we were from an IPO standpoint to where we are today, we've had significantly transformed the business. We started with the business at the time of the IPO that was only exposed to biologics at about 10% of our revenue, and where we're sitting now is about 32%. The second thing is we went through a pretty significant transformation actually putting in place in early development platform for the company, which was missing I would say that we were much more of a late-phase company at the time of the IPO with - although we have the Follow the Molecule strategy, we didn't have enough early development assets. So we added Pharmatek, the acquisition of Juniper, and then also repositioned our Somerset site. And then in addition to that, we launched a pretty significant activity to get into spray drying because of those early development activities. So if you take a look at the transformation of the business over the last five years, we now have a very substantial biologics business. We have a substantial early development business that we didn't have at that time that's bringing in over a 100 molecules and we still have the late-phase commercial business. So, though, I would say from an alignment standpoint you can look at it and say it's not perfect work from an internal standpoint, what we've done is, number one, we've now completely - I'll put into one contained business unit biologics, which contains our biologics and gene therapy business unit that doesn't have the specialty dose forms in it before. So that's the way we're now running it internally. I think, obviously from an investor standpoint, it gives you complete visibility into that. Because of the growth of those early development - that early development platform is you now take a look at our Oral and Specialty Delivery group, it contains those assets combined with, I would say our other assets that are basically more tuned into small in mid-size capacity and then now in our - I would say our ultimately phase commercial business being Softgel, we've now added into that several of our large commercial late-stage tech transfer assets into it. The one point where you may think it to be inconsistent is in the commercial of - the commercial manufacturing of our Zydus, which is in the Oral and Specialty Delivery, but that dosage form Zydus is purely an organic growth business, meaning we bring in molecules in development and there is no opportunity for a tech transfer in. And so I think what we've done is continued to optimize our business unit organizations to mirror the transformation of the business. And so again, as you take a look at that transformation over time, we feel as though we've now really have tuned in right now the right business unit structure that is aligned with the new assets that we've brought on board and our growing, and that's with our teams are going to be able to drive on. I'm so very comfortable with it. And as you take a look at some specific units, I think again it provides additional transparency. Even as you take a look at our Softgel and Oral Technologies, 75% of that business unit will still continue to be Softgel. The performance for this quarter roughly mirrors the Softgel performance. So I think, again, it's very helpful for us to continue to modify our organization as we continue to transform the business and we're providing, I would say, improved visibility to those segments with this reporting structure externally.
JohnChiminski: I would say that across all of those 21 launch products; it is provide a level of visibility and consistency that we love. These products have not been, I would say, volatile as you've - in the previous commentary that we had from Wetteny with regards to our drug substance, which is primarily a clinical-based business, and you can have some quarter-to-quarter variability with the large number of commercial products that we have in our drug product business for Biologics sort of Bloomington. What we're seeing is just consistent strong uptake with - quite frankly, it gives us a sense of urgency for those additional assets that we're bringing on board over the next year and a half to double the capacity there for drug products. So couldn't be more pleased with the way the drug product is progressing. And then on the drug substance side, we're aggressively working to be commercial-ready and acquire that first customer. And I think we should have some good visibility to that over our calendar year '20, and that will I think put it in position to be as consistent and strong performing as we have now on the drug product side. So I would just say green light on both fronts feel very good about it.
JohnChiminski: Yes. So look, our Clinical Supply business is a bit of a shorter-cycle business than the rest of our segments, and we're able to see timing wise from when we start to book business to when we started executing on those anywhere from two to three quarters or so. And so visibility is fairly very strong and you would have to go back to a year ago to have seen that uptick in terms of net new business wins that is not translating into the growth that you're seeing in that business. So in terms of the types of projects we're seeing here, they are I would say typical Clinical Supply Services projects where we are.
