Thomas Castellano: Yes, sure. I'll take this one.  We did mention that the Bettera acquisition, in addition to first quarter beat that we saw along with continued strength from an organic perspective in the back half of the year. I would say, as we look across the business units, certainly, our Biologics continues to be performing extremely well. Given tailwinds related to COVID-19 vaccines that we mentioned, we expect to see as multi-duration revenue streams for us. But we've also seen, I would say, a positive recovery, as we highlighted in the prepared remarks, around OSD and our SOT segments as well as particularly around the consumer health side of the businesses, which were certainly challenged in fiscal '21 as a result of the global pandemic. So as we look across the portfolio, I really see -- I would really say we continue to see strength across all 4 of our segments, especially the 3 that I highlighted here, that are all contributing to the guidance rates on an organic basis. 
Thomas Castellano: Sure. Yes. No. We continue to be very pleased with what we're seeing out of the SOT segment. This is the second consecutive quarter where we've seen a return to organic growth. We saw organic growth of 9% in the first quarter, which is nicely above the long-term outlook of that segment. And I would say the demand profile remains positive, as I mentioned. That was certainly one of the factors that we took into consideration when raising the guidance for the second half of the year. So the fact that we're still below where we were in 2020, I think it provides us even more confidence that there's still growth to come here on the horizon. And we're certainly, as I said, seeing strength across this business on the consumer high as the recovery continues. So expecting a strong back half of the year from this business. 
Thomas Castellano: Yes, sure, Dave. Tom here, I can jump in. I will say -- well, first of all, I would say that the new amount of $360 million are taken into consideration and the outlook we gave related to our  CapEx investments in the fiscal year, that's 15% to 16%. So no change to that as a result of this. And this will be investment that has already started, so had -- contribution in fiscal '21 will continue in fiscal '22 as well as fiscal '23.  To answer on the increase in costs, I would say, we've certainly improved the layout of these suites, which have substantially increased the costs of it, but also have given us more and more flexibility in being able to meet the needs of our customers. I'd also say that there are additional investments related to warehouses, to parking garages and things that we need to be able to make sure we can keep up with pace of growth and hiring that's going to be needed at the site, that's also contemplated in that investment. So those are the types of things that are driving the costs up to that $360 million, but as I said, already contemplated in the outlook we've given around CapEx there. 
Thomas Castellano: Sure. Thanks for the question, Tejas. Look, we haven't split out the increase of the $320 million to the guidance between what is Bettera contribution and what is the base business. However, I will say, directionally, you are in the right place in terms of how you're thinking about this. We were very pleased to be able to get the acquisition closed on October 1 and expected to see a full 9-month contribution here. And as we said, around this business when we announced the acquisition back in August, this is a business that is growing at 20-plus percent organically, at EBITDA margins in the near 30% or low 30% range, approaching that of our Biologics business. So hopefully, that's enough color to give you to be able to help you model the contributions. And just as a reminder, as we report our results for the second quarter, we will be calling out the Bettera acquisition here as a part of our SOT segment that will be treated as inorganic. 
Thomas Castellano: Yes. So all of those items are certainly, I would say, are taken into consideration, Tejas. In the guidance, I would say we've been very conservative in what we've assumed from a wage inflationary perspective. In this guidance, we certainly continue to see material challenges. We've done a very good job, I would say, internally by staying ahead of those. And obviously, we're able to pass some of that on where we have the ability to. So everything reflected, as we know today, related to inflationary pressures included in the guidance, I wouldn't expect any further headwinds to be talked about through the remainder of the year around this based on the approach we've taken and what we've included.  The other thing, related to your question around strong flu season, I would say this is certainly part of maybe a little bit of the strength we're seeing within the consumer health side of the business, within SOT, where we talked about a little bit of a recovery around cough, cold, pain medications that we've seen here. But that's really it in terms of the contribution and tailwind. That's already, again, contemplated and reflected in the revised guidance with the strength in the second half across the SOT segment. 
Thomas Castellano: Jack, I would just say this quarter was really, very closely aligned to our internal expectations. I think as we look at the first quarter historically and this -- and into the future, it has and will continue to be our seasonably lightest quarter from a volume perspective given many of the months as part of the first quarter or in the middle of the summer months will be shutdowns at our facility, shutdowns at facilities within our customers' network as well. I would say as we look at the performance here now, what we saw from a margin expansion perspective in the first quarter was we were very pleased with. We're expecting 120 basis points of margin expansion at the midpoint of our guidance on a full year basis, and we've had the strongest first quarter margin we never had as a company. So I don't think, as I look through things, there was anything that came in necessarily lighter than where we expected. And this was really right down the middle of the fairway in terms of management's expectation. 
Thomas Castellano: Yes, Jack. We're going to stay away from giving any more specifics around COVID and what the contributions were in the second half of the year. As I said, the strength that we saw in the first quarter, the demand profile we continue to see across both development and commercial programs, drug substance and drug product as well as viral vector manufacturing within Biologics gave us the confidence and comfort to be able to increase the organic growth rate we expect to see in the second half of the year. And as John said, we're going to start the year in fiscal '22 from our first quarter, a seasonally lightest quarter perspective, the way we have gave us that much more confidence in being able to increase the full year outlook as part of guidance. In addition, as I mentioned earlier as well, our SOT and OSD segments continue to perform well, and that was taken into consideration from a fiscal '22 guidance increase standpoint as well. 
Thomas Castellano: Yes. Tom, it's a level of disclosure. It's a little bit below what we've talked about publicly. I will say, our Biologics business continues to have the most robust EBITDA margins that we really have across the portfolio, in the low to mid-30s, with the potential of expanding north of that. We've talked about the company overall of being able to drive towards a 28% EBITDA margins by fiscal 2024. I'd say we're well on pace for that. And margin expansion opportunity across our Biologics segment, inclusive of the cell and gene therapy business is certainly going to contribute and be probably one of the main drivers of that EBITDA margin expansion that we'll see across the company. So hopefully, that gives you some direction as you think about the margins of that subsegment in the Biologics business. 
Thomas Castellano: So Derik, I think you're right. And certainly, we'll see some more challenging comps around the third quarter and the fourth quarter given the strength we saw in those businesses in the prior year as we started to really see the emergency use authorization volume for COVID-related vaccines start to pick up. We did mention specifically in our prepared remarks that we would not expect to see as we get into the back half of the year the Biologics segment continue to grow at the levels that we saw in the fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter of this year here. However, I will say we do continue to see strength on within our SOT and OSD businesses that we expect to carry into the back half of the year from an organic growth perspective. So the last thing I'll maybe highlight here is that, typically, a year for Catalent is 40-60 in terms of revenue contribution.  This year, maybe feels a little bit more balanced, not quite 50-50, but a little bit more balanced there. So hopefully, I've given you enough color to maybe solve the equation there. But I think we'll fall short of letting you know what the revenue expectations and growth is going to be in the back half of the year as we don't guide first half, second half specifically or quarterly. But we will certainly see a deceleration of the revenue growth from the levels we've seen here in the first quarter. The other thing we did highlight though to give you and The Street a little more comfort is the results of raising our fiscal '22 guidance is not only related to Bettera acquisition and the strength we saw in the first quarter but that we do continue to see a more accelerated organic growth in the back half of the year versus what we thought 60 days ago when we put out our previous fiscal '22 guidance. 
Thomas Castellano: Yes. So Derik, obviously, we're not in a position at this time to be able to comment on more specificity around our fiscal '23 guidance and what that will look like. We'll continue to highlight that. We did raise our long-term growth outlook from 6% to 8% to 8% to 10% last quarter as a result of the robust demand that we see across the business. I will say we do have additional capacity that's going to be coming online across the business here in late fiscal '22 and into that fiscal '23 year, which we certainly think will help us continue to see strong performance in fiscal '23. We're going to fall short of giving you more specifics in terms of quantifying that, but again, continue to see COVID demand as having a multiyear duration. We're still in very early stages in terms of worldwide vaccine populations and what we're seeing from a booster demand perspective as well as younger age populations getting approved for the vaccine, et cetera, continue to give us confidence that this is going to be around for a multiyear duration, including into the fiscal '23 year. 
John Chiminski: Well, let me just say one of the major drivers behind the CDMO industry is having the right capacity and the right capability. It's a significant driver for the business. And when we came into the pandemic, we were in the enviable position of having built out our strategic plans and putting -- we're putting in place significant capacity for our Biologics business, both on the drug substance side and the drug product side. What I can tell you, without responding directly to the question with regards to vaccines and Scott Gottlieb's book, I will just tell you that we're constantly looking at the market. We're constantly looking at what our customers' needs are. And as a management team, working closely with our Board. We're looking out in the future to understand what strategic investments that we need to make so that we will have the capacity necessary for our customers and their pipelines. And obviously, demonstrated itself in how Catalent was able to play a significant role in the manufacture of vaccines for multiple customers. 
John Chiminski: Yes. So a key strategic priority for us is to bring in a commercial product into our Madison site. As you know, we've completed out both our fourth and fifth trains at the site. We have a very robust pipeline there. We were hopeful that one of the products that we actually had there for a COVID therapy would actually get emergency use authorization. That has not happened yet, but we're very confident over the next 12 to 18 months, we should be able to secure our commercial product there.  We have very good business there. But as you know, when you're only working in the clinical space, the work there can be somewhat lumpy depending on the clinical trial. So really, the desire for us to have a commercial product at the site is just to make sure that we have a stable base load, if you will. And we're confident that we'll be able to get it soon. 
John Chiminski: So Dave, good to hear from you. I would just say that both of these businesses are businesses where we do significant development work, both for SOT and OSD. And that usually is a precursor for potential products going commercial. So we can't call whether it's going to be within the next quarter or 2 over the next year. But what we're increasingly confident is that we're seeing a return to the long-term growth rates that we expect out of both of these businesses. As you know, on the SOT business was the one business that we had within Catalent that really was affected by the pandemic as it has slower prescription launches.  And also, we had -- our consumer health business was not seeing demand as people were in lockdowns and not traveling and not purchasing their normal cough, cold and other products. And so that is starting to come back, combined with, I would say, more activity from a development standpoint that we see both in SOT and OSD. So we're confident that we're going to be able to continue with the long-term growth targets that we have for both of those businesses. And as you know, we're going to take up our long-term growth target for the SOT business from 3% to 5% to 6% to 8% with the acquisition of Bettera. So that really does significantly enhance that segment. 
John Chiminski: Yes. And Dave, just as a follow-on to that. So one side of it is the CapEx investment that you're querying on. The other side is what are the drivers behind it. And what I would tell you is we just continue to see and experience very robust demand for our gene therapy business. If we just take a look at the overall pipeline, there's more than 300 new gene therapy assets that entered into the pipeline in 2021. And we see that pipeline growing from about 900 assets to about 2,900 assets, if you were to go all the way out to 2027 with the kind of work that we do and understand the overall pipeline. So we feel really good about these investments. And clearly, it's going to make us a leader in the overall gene therapy development and manufacturing area. 
John Chiminski: And Tejas, just as I did with Tycho, I'll provide you a little backdrop to the overall dynamics. We continue to see with Bettera and the overall gummy soft chew, lozenge area that there is a significant demand that is currently outpacing capacity. There just isn't enough capacity out there for the demand that you have. I mean, gummies have grown to a 30 billion dose marketplace here in the U.S. So as we got our hands on Bettera, one, we've had significant reach outs from, I would say, very well-known, high-profile customers who are looking to Catalent to really help them continue to build out their franchises or get into the franchise. And so in my prepared remarks, what I'm alluding to is the fact that, as we move forward with this integration, we may even accelerate some of the investment plans that we have contemplated during our due diligence period because now that we're into this a month or so, we have even more visibility to the customer demand and needs of that business.  So this is one where we can very effectively deploy additional CapEx and quickly gain market share as well as grow the business potentially faster than our original business case. So we're extremely excited about this. It really enhances and transforms our SOT business segment and we look forward to continuing to do the integration. And as I said, potentially accelerate the investment plans that we had contemplated before the acquisition. 
John Chiminski: And Tejas, just, again, bringing it up to a higher level. On the overall supply chain, certainly, we now have most of the world talking about supply chain issues. I would say Catalent was out in front very early in the pandemic, doing the work that we needed to do to secure our materials throughout the pandemic. And going forward, I will tell you, it continues to be a relatively -- a relative challenge for us, but we put in place very strong operating mechanisms. We have engagement at the highest levels of management, working with our suppliers to ensure that we get the components that we need. You probably have heard people talk about single-use components, specifically on the drug product and drug substance side being a challenge. But again, we have strong working relationships with everyone.  But when we look at the overall supply challenges, we, along with most CEOs, see the supply chain challenges continuing out through the end -- probably the second half of 2022. From a Catalent perspective, this also means that we've had to make additional investments from an overall inventory standpoint, which obviously impacts our working capital. But they're the right investments, if you will, necessary to ensure that we continue to reliably supply across all fronts from vaccine through the 7,000 other products that we manufacture. 
John Chiminski: Yes. So John, I would just say that, as I've said on previous calls, it's increasingly clear that the vaccines are going to be here to stay for quite a while. There's still a large part of the population that needs to be vaccinated. There's the need for boosters. There are now new formats that are coming out compared to where we were at the beginning of the vaccine distribution. And also, we see that there's a potential for the COVID vaccine to be [ married ] with an annual flu vaccine. So I would say that from a Catalent perspective, we see this as really a new franchise for the company. And we think advanced vaccines in general, with the advent of 2 approved mRNA vaccine, so advanced vaccines are going to be, again, an important franchise for the company going forward. So I hope that clears things up a little bit for you. 
John Chiminski: Yes. Well, again, I'll just go back to the fact that the strategic planning within Catalent, I think, is literally top quartile, if not top 10% in terms of our market landscaping, our understanding of what our customer needs are and the capacity that we need to put in place. We're guiding to -- about 15%, 16% of our CapEx is going to be -- 15% to 16% of our revenue is going to be deployed towards CapEx this year. And we're in constant dialogue with our Board. Every Board meeting has some component of the strategic capacity needs and CapEx that we'll need to follow on. So we're in regular dialogue here and I would just say Catalent is doing an excellent job just as we did before the pandemic, having capacity that was covered and making sure that we continue to have the right capacity for our customers on a go-forward basis. 
John Chiminski: Well, Jack, let me maybe just put a really clear [indiscernible] on this one. This was an extremely strong start to our fiscal year. And as Tom said, it was really what we had from an overall expectation standpoint and having been in the seat for 12 years, I would say again, this was on the strong -- this was the strongest start to a fiscal year that we've had. So we're very pleased with the results. 
John Chiminski: Yes. So first of all, I would say that in our Biologics business, clearly, for, I would say, our non-gene therapy business that the drug product is the largest proportion of our overall revenues comparing to our product -- to drug substance. But when you take a look at our gene therapy business in the totality of our drug substance, it has a significant amount of drug substance capacity. And obviously, in my prepared remarks, we detailed out the fact that we have 10 suites now there and that we were adding another 5 suites, but we're now moving that up to a total of 8 suites. So between that in our investments that we're making in Anagni, which again, I detailed out in my prepared remarks, we are now starting to have, I would say, a lot more of our drug substance in the future -- or I'm sorry, a lot more of our Biologics revenues in the future will start coming from the drug substance, but the drug product is the largest part of that overall revenue in the segment.  And I would just say, again, that from a drug product standpoint, getting a filling line up and running is usually best case a 2- to 3-year endeavor depending on whether or not you have  [indiscernible] in an existing facility or you need to build out a greenfield facility, then you need to have advanced order on a line, which can take again up to 2 years. And then you have to go through the installation and the overall qualification. So getting out ahead of that drug product capacity is a very big deal. And we do see very strong demand going forward in the the future given -- apart from the vaccines, given the very strong Biologics drug product roadmap, which is increasing at very, very strong double-digit rates the overall pipeline is. So again, it's a constant dialogue, both internally from a market landscaping standpoint and strategic standpoint, knowing what capacity we have to put in place, and then strong dialogues with our Board in terms of supporting the overall CapEx.  And what I can assure you, from an overall growth standpoint, that Catalent knows what it needs to do to put on online capacity to ensure that we have the capacity that our customers need for their overall pipelines. And then, I'll just remind you that the capacity that we purposed for the vaccine work clearly is fungible for other Biologics drug product filling. So we feel really good about the assets that we've put in place and are going to put in place. And the final comment is that we continue to state that for us, COVID and the vaccine work really accelerated our strategic plans. And it also accelerated the invest -- the returns on those investments, allowing us to put even more of that cash to work organically and even inorganically. So I hope that answers your question. 
John Chiminski: So they're certainly going down to lower dose formats within the vials. They want to take it down from the higher number of doses to lower number of doses as you have -- it becomes more challenging for them to basically do the pause and then use the vaccines and the vials in a short period of time. So they're coming down to lower number of doses. And then certainly, they're also going to single-dose prefilled syringe format. So again, that's ongoing work by our customers, and clearly Catalent is looped in there, and I can't really detail a lot more than that. I would just say that there is a continuing change within the formats. And as I said, we've been hearing discussions about a combination of  the COVID vaccine with flu vaccine. So that could be an annual COVID vaccine from that standpoint. 
John Chiminski: Yes. So I'll first state that Catalent over the last couple of years in a row has hired more than 4,000 people from the outside. So we are constantly recruiting into Catalent the necessary resources we need to run the business, and we've been very effective at doing that. Also note that we have very high internal referral rates. When we take a look at our last year's external hires of about 4,500 people, we had about 1/3 of those -- 30% of those came from internal referrals for an external candidate. When we take specifically a look at our business, we really have kind of 2 sets of people that we need to hire. First of those that are experienced and qualified from an overall biopharma GMP standpoint, with regard to, I would say, everything from biologist to come as to microbiologist, both within our quality organization, which has a very high demand. And then, obviously, those that are actually doing the innovation and product development, which are at a much higher level.  These are at the Ph.D. and advanced degree level. And certainly, those that have had experience and we have obviously a strong pool of those candidates that are in the U.S. And I would just say that Catalent's overall brand has made us an employer of choice for them. On the other side, we also need to have, I would say, capable operators. These are folks that, in some cases, do not need to be degreed, but in some cases, actually do need to be degreed depending on the work that they're doing from a gene therapy standpoint. So we actually have them in the suites and operating. And again, these can be degreed, and in some cases, not degreed depending on the overall work. But it's a huge operational effort from a talent and acquisition standpoint that, I would say, Catalent is well positioned for given the amount of hires that we've had over the last several years and we'll continue to have into this year. And so far, we've been able to meet those needs, quite frankly, at a lower cost, I'm sure, than many in terms of acquiring their talent. 
John Chiminski: Well, as you know, Catalent is -- has a very strong overall inorganic or M&A activity. So we're constantly looking and know the assets that are available out there. And generally speaking, on the drug substance side, these can be somewhat fungible assets versus highly specific. These are, I would say, similar to things that can't be repurposed. From a Catalent perspective, we've discussed the fact that we'd love to find the right asset on drug substance side outside of the U.S., Western Europe, where we don't have a position today. And ultimately, within our Anagni facility, we're building that out. I would also say that, obviously, valuations and multiples are extremely high in the marketplace. So we have to weigh out, making sure that we buy -- the asset literally has to be somewhat close to perfection, if you will, given the high multiples and then the alternative is obviously putting our own capital to work from an organic standpoint. And on the drug substance side, that has really been our  preferred mode of going after it.  I also mention that from a drug substance standpoint, we're really focused on that sub 5,000 liter category, where more than a majority of the current Biologics pipeline, about 70%, if those molecules get approved, given the, I would say, smaller nature of the disease populations for the indications that they're going after, will require 5,000 liters or less drug substance manufacturing if those products get approved. So that's really the category that we continue to go after. That being said, as we continue to bring on more drug substance and work these trains effectively, we certainly will be able to take on, I would say, even higher volume drug substance. But again, we continue to look for the right assets. But we've been very effective in our strategic and growth plans, building out organically on the drug substance side. 
John Chiminski: Thanks, operator, and thanks, everyone, for your questions and for taking the time to join our call.  I'd like to close by highlighting a few key points we covered today. We're proud of our performance this quarter and of our skilled and dedicated employees who have allowed us to successfully execute on our long-term growth plans. In fiscal 2022, we now expect stronger revenue and EBITDA growth than our initial guidance, driven by continued growth in our Biologics segment as well as renewed growth in our Softgel and Oral Technologies and Oral and Specialty Delivery segments. Because of the investments we've made over the past few years, which included high-growth franchises like those we have acquired in our Biologics segment, and most recently, with the growth expected as a result of the Bettera acquisition [Audio Gap] millions of patients around the world. We're on track to deliver over 1 billion doses of COVID-19 vaccines as well as millions of COVID therapeutic doses by the end of the calendar year, playing an important role in addressing the COVID-19 pandemic. As we continue to support global efforts to address the pandemic and plan for the future, we remain fully confident [Audio Gap].
