Tom Castellano: Sure. Jacob, thanks for the question. Look, I would say we did see, as we mentioned on the call, non-COVID organic growth in the first half of the fiscal year at about 12%. It was down in the second quarter in comparison to where we saw in first quarter levels. However, as we get into the second half of the year, we have line of sight, which is very typical at this point in time to have strong visibility to adjust the remaining five or six months that we have in the fiscal year from those volumes, so expecting to see non-COVID growth in the second half more in line with what we saw in the first half, again, in that 20% range, and that will bring our full year non-COVID-related growth to be in the mid-teens as I mentioned on the call. I think we continue to be very bullish on the demand profile we see around gene therapy programs as well as on the drug product side of the business. Those would be the main contributors that we would see to the change in organic non-COVID-related growth in the second half of the year, and we were able to still hold our guidance range and pull back around the assumptions on the PCH side of the business, where, as we mentioned, we continue to see some pressures, particularly when it comes to discretionary spend on the gummies and, I would say, just Nutraceutical products across both Softgel and gummies in the second half of the year. You did mention FX that is, I would say, a modest tailwind for us here. But given where we are in the year and only the modest weakening of the dollar we saw in comparison to the euro and GBP, not a significant uplift there. I would say, as you think about the range that we have out there for the full year guide, I think it really comes down to execution in terms of where we land fits in the range. As I said, at this point in time, we typically do have very strong visibility to the demand profile across the business and it comes down to execution across our network. And we've certainly, I would say, built in some natural hedge just based on the normal execution-related hiccups you can see in this business when you operate 55 sites across the globe.
Tom Castellano: Sure. So obviously, we did mention the Sarepta relationship and the PDUFA date being in late May, I would say, very little downside risk associated with Sarepta outside of just normal execution here just given the fact that at this point in time, we really do have very strong visibility, as I mentioned earlier, to the volume related to that program and quite frankly, related to many of the larger development and commercial programs that we have across the network. As I said, we continue to manage the business to a higher set of financial targets internally, as we commit to -- that we commit to externally, which is very standard. And as I think about the range of our guidance for next year, I think execution really drives where in that range do we land versus any material changes in demand, just based again on where we are in the fiscal year and the amount of visibility we have around the demand profile across both -- especially across our Biologics business, but I would say even across our Clinical Supply and Pharma side of our PPD or PCH segment. The one area where I would say we have a little more variability, but again, have a relatively reduced outlook related to the consumer health side of our PCH business is certainly already factored into the guidance as well.
Tom Castellano: Sure. So we did highlight in our prepared remarks that where we do see a change in outlook is primarily driven on the PCH side of the business. And I would say the consumer health part of that business, really the area where we have derisked. I would say, from a COVID standpoint, there certainly is a step up here in our fourth quarter. As we mentioned, we have orders and visibility to a booster season in the fall with demand ramping up across multiple formats for a major strategic customer in that fourth quarter. So given the fact that we do expect to see minimum COVID revenue in our third quarter, based on what we have visibility to, but significant demand in our fourth quarter, we wanted to ensure that, that point was communicated to you all. So again, I would say, PCH continues to be the area where we have seen the most pullback and again, on the consumer health side of that business.
Tom Castellano: Yes, Dave, it's a great question and one that we continue to wrestle with and work through internally here. I would say there's various different ways that we can address in the event that we do see the Sarepta product essentially moving to commercial, though the scenario that you laid out, which would be a movement from percent completion as it's done on the development cycle to batch release upon commercialization is certainly one of those alternatives. There are other alternatives as well that would align to U.S. GAAP and ASC 606 guidance around revenue recognition. And we are pursuing those and looking at those with our auditor -- in conjunction with our auditor EY to ensure that we have the best possible scenario as outlined. In the situation in which you highlighted, if we were to move to batch release being driving the recognition and the cycle time remains as long as it is from that production cycle, it wouldn't relate -- it would create a period of an air pocket, as you mentioned, from a revenue standpoint. And I think that's the piece that we essentially need to continue to look at. So as we know more around this and come to determination, one, whether or not that commercial approval is granted in that late May time period, again, being outside of our control, obviously, we'll communicate more to The Street around this. I would say, regardless of what happens on May 29, the impact to us in fiscal '23 is minimal, if at all, right? Because what we will have at that point in time is the majority of revenue that we would be recognizing in that June time period being batches that are essentially already in flight that have essentially kicked off while the product was still considered a development product. So, many moving pieces around this, Dave, I think you're asking the right questions. These are the types of things we're looking at internally. And when we come to a determination on exactly what that revenue recognition profile is going to look like for this particular product, given the binary event associated with the approval where we will ensure that that's properly communicated so that you all understand how to model it.
Tom Castellano: So, I would say, Paul, we're seeing pockets of improvement. And again, we order many different components and inputs for the various different types of products that we manufacture across our Biologics and PCH segments. I would say there are areas of improvement, but there are certainly areas especially on the PCH side of the business, where we do continue to see some challenges from a supply chain standpoint that factored into our decision to continue to remain, I would say, slightly elevated or elevated from an inventory standpoint. We were very specific to say that in the short term, this is going to be a tailwind opportunity for us when we have the comfort in being able to pull back on some of those higher levels of inventory are more likely to be a meaningful contributor to free cash flow in '24 than I would say it is in '23; although, as we get into the back half of the year, we should see some modest improvement.
Tom Castellano: Sure. Tejas, I think your point is spot on. Certainly, we will see COVID in that range, as you mentioned, the $150 million-plus after a minimal contribution in Q3 that will certainly drive part of the margin story. But I was also very specific in discussing the ramp-up of the major gene therapy program, as we've talked about being late in the third quarter here and having a full quarter of ramped contribution to us from a fourth quarter standpoint, and given the operating leverage, you can see from the utilization of assets there as well as the just novel attractive margins that you see related to the gene therapy side of your business, and Biologics overall you can see that step-up. I would say from a non-COVID standpoint, if you were to strip out COVID out of all of our quarters, you would see a seasonality profile that very closely mirrors what our historical seasonality has been pre-COVID, which is that step up in -- with the second quarter versus Q1 levels, then a step up to Q3. But then ultimately a significant ramp in Q4 ahead of the summer months and some of the, I would say, downtime that we see across our customers and across our customers' networks as well as our own network related to normal maintenance-related activities that you see in the summer months there and taking up sites off-line. So, that's certainly all contributing to that significant step-up we see in the fourth quarter.
Tom Castellano: Yes. I think it's the same timing of what we're seeing from a headcount standpoint. The headcount initiatives said we were actioning by the end of the calendar year to be able to see the full benefit in the second half of fiscal year and the full annualized savings over the calendar 2023. I would say it's been the same for some of the non-employee-related initiatives and procurement initiatives that we've had underway. We did highlight the tens of millions, but I would say there will be a partial contribution in fiscal '23 assumed and then the carryover of that being into the first half of fiscal '24. So again looking at that from the same lens on a calendar year basis.
Tom Castellano: No, there was no material impact from these initiatives in the second quarter. They were actioned, I would say, late in the second quarter. Some of the cash costs associated with those exits were contemplated in the second quarter. Some of that may perhaps carry into Q3 as well. You'll see that as an add back to our adjusted EBITDA through the restructuring line item. But the real impact from a savings standpoint will be realized in the second half of the fiscal year and then again carry into first half of '24.
Tom Castellano: Yes, Justin, we really didn't highlight any material change to the non-COVID Biologics growth. I would say it's very similar to what was assumed and what we saw as part of our last guidance. The real change that offsets the call, the pullback on the PCH side is the over performance of the COVID portfolio. As we mentioned, COVID was originally assumed to be approximately $550 million of revenue for us in our prior guidance. And based on the orders that we have now related to our fourth quarter as our customer ramps up for the fall booster season, we now expect COVID revenue to be more than $600 million in the year. So, it's really the COVID revenue that's offsetting the pullback on PCH.
Tom Castellano: So related to Sarepta, Derik, this is playing out as we had anticipated for the fiscal year here. As I mentioned, the PDUFA date in late May, we're depending on where that lands, that doesn't have a material change for us regardless of whether that's an approval or not in the current fiscal year and the outcome of that will have more of an impact for us on fiscal '24. But I would say nothing materially different from what we had assumed based on the -- this has always been a program that obviously our customer that we have been bullish on as well. So, no real change in outlook there in terms of what the '23 impact is related to the announcement here.
Tom Castellano: Well, I think it's a difficult question to answer, John. So, we're going to hold back from giving any more specifics around what fiscal '24 could look like here. But I think the relationship and the continued relationship and strategic partnership that's been extended as well as expanded with Moderna, I think, speaks to the future that we believe exists for COVID- and vaccine-related revenue in the future for us. But again, we're going to fall short of giving any specific run rate as we exit this year in terms of what that could look like for us in '24.
Tom Castellano: Yes. I wouldn't say there's any change to that. We continue to work on about 150 development programs across that part of the business. That's what has justified further capacity expansions within that space. And I would say not only we're pleased with the number of programs we work on, on the gene therapy side of the business but also the progression and maturity of those that continue to move from earlier phase to a later phase. And obviously, the Sarepta relationship and program or programs is just one example of that. So again, feel very good about the growth prospects and opportunities in this business.
Tom Castellano: No. Evan, these were all originally contemplated. We felt the need to be able to provide some additional disclosure and meat on the bone, if you will, related to the cost savings initiatives. The 700 headcounts we've talked about were difficult for us to talk through at the time of our last guidance because we weren't able -- we didn't execute on those, but now we've since executed on that through the end of the calendar year, so we'll see half of that run rate savings in the current fiscal year with the remaining half to be carried into the first half. So, you should look at that annualized number across calendar '23 versus our fiscal year. And I would say the further commentary around the tens of millions of dollars related to other cost savings initiatives, efficiencies and procurement programs were also contemplated as part of the original guide.
Tom Castellano: Sure. So Jack, I think we've said in Alessandro's comments that one of the things we needed to do was prioritize a COVID-related program related to the emergency use authorization of the pediatric COVID vaccine over non-COVID-related revenue out of our Bloomington facility. I'm not going to be in a position to tell you what our non-COVID growth would have been in the second quarter. If we weren't prioritizing that program, but that certainly had a significant impact and why we were only able to achieve 4% non-COVID growth in Q2 and 12% non-COVID growth in Q2 for the Biologics business. But it's not necessarily the same assets and lines that are being utilized, but it's certainly the same operations and quality folks that we have in terms of putting in the time and efforts around releasing of batches. So, that certainly played into why we had a depressed non-COVID-related growth in the second quarter. So, I think returning in the third quarter back to non-COVID levels that we have seen through the first quarter of the year is what I would consider to be normal course or a low bar based on what we've been able to show. And again, the uptick in COVID-related revenue that we expect to see in the fourth quarter is really offsetting the pullback on the PCH side of the business, where we continue to experience headwinds, particularly in consumer health.
Tom Castellano: Yes. I think your numbers are probably close. Maybe I'd say it's a little bit on the high side in terms of the Q4 contribution, but again, not materially different, I would say, three things like point to one, the COVID-related revenue here is going to be sizable. As we've already talked, as we've already talked about, the ramp-up on the gene therapy side of the business related to a major customer program that we've talked about here, new capacity that's going to be coming online in the third quarter. It's going to be utilized. This is going to be by far the strongest gene therapy contribution we've ever seen in the fourth quarter. So very difficult to compare that to historical years where we weren't seeing gene therapy contributions to the levels that we'll see here around the business. But third area that I would say I would factor in and then just a normal level of seasonality that we see around the PCH side of the business around Q4, heading into the summer shutdown period is another item to take into consideration here. Lastly, I would say the Brussels dynamic for us in the prior year, if you're looking at this and certainly, I would say, a headwind that we had in the prior year. So the natural lift up that we'll see here for the fourth quarter that was a business that was shut down or a facility that was shut down for us, that will be up and running here as well. So, I think all of those things factor into the margin profile we expect to see in the fourth quarter. And lastly, I would say I'd just reiterate that this was -- that the demand is there, right? The level of visibility that we have to volume or demand for the second half of the year and even the fourth quarter is high and it comes down to the levels of execution that we're able to deliver upon across our network of sites.
Alessandro Maselli: Sure. Look, first of all, I would say that our relationship with Moderna, it goes back many, many years. So we started to work with them when they were at the very beginning of the journey in 2015-2016. So, we are very, very pleased how this relationship has grown and continuous to grow into the future. I believe that with regards to the vaccine, we are keeping that network to be in the best position to serve what is going to be a seasonal product going forward. So that, on one hand, we can search capacity across our network in multiple sites. And at the same time, maintain a level of efficiency and productivity, which is important to us, right? And this is the best way to do it when it comes to seasonal demand. On the other hand, very, very excited about participating to these promising new platforms, we continue to support them, both on the clinical side, but also preparing across different formats for what the market might require. So, we are very excited about this relationship. We've always been in partnership with them, and we are very pleased that this relationship will continue to grow as in the next few years.
Alessandro Maselli: Sure. Look, this is a great question, and thanks for asking it. So look, first of all, I would say, as you said, 483s are not uncommon in our industry, especially in some type of manufacturing operations, surely sterile operations are the one that the CDs to happen more frequently. Just to be clear, we don't plan for 483s. So we work very hard across our quality management system, with our leadership, with our people, with our operational excellence expectations to avoid this 483 to the extent as possible. However, it's -- these are public information. You see that there is a share of those inspections, which will result in 483s. This is true for all the players into the industry. And it's as important as try to prevent them, but even more important, how you respond to those observations in a thorough, extensive and holistic way committing to corrective actions. And some of those corrective actions, actually, most of them yields to an improved operation on the other end of them. So that's one part of the answer. The other part of the answer, which I want to stress, is that as we signaled many times, Catalent receives regular inspections all the time. Now in this couple of cases happen to be, as you said, more visible, but there are inspections all the time. And we are pretty pleased with our track record of inspections, both from share and ratio of the ones resulting in 483s, but also looking at the number of observations that are normal in those 483s. So look, I know it's been an element of noise in the last few months, but given that the outcome of those inspections you're referring to, plus the ongoing track record on the further inspections we received, we feel pretty confident about our quality management system and our operational excellence.
Alessandro Maselli: Yes. Sure. Look, thanks for the question. I believe, look, we need to separate it out in our consideration -- relative considerations and absolute consideration. I will tell you that in absolute terms, our market could continue to be a very exciting market. Our share in this market continues to be one of the leading shares into the market. We continue to see very nice wins across the board of our offerings. So some of the considerations sometimes are in relative terms in terms of what was and what could have been. But in general terms, we are very, very happy about the market that we're operating in. The funding has been surely reducing. But when you look at the growth in our core business, our non-COVID business, you're still seeing the business growing above market and to be honest, in the mid-teens. And when you look at Biologics specifically even more exciting than that. So I would tell you, the market that did correct a little bit, but still supporting a very exciting growth perspective for the future.
Alessandro Maselli: Yes. This is -- Brussels is a relatively small facility for us overall, but it's certainly, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, Matt -- Max, provides a little bit of a tailwind for us here, both from a revenue and a margin standpoint, as you mentioned, the site was taken offline in the second half of the fiscal year. So it is up against a relatively easy comp. But again, Brussels not a significant site in terms of size from a revenue and profitability contribution for the Company.
Alessandro Maselli: Yes. Look, cutting short the answer, I believe that our level of comfort in destocking is higher in biomanufacturing than it is in small molecule. Given the geographical source of these components, there is a little bit of a difference there.
Alessandro Maselli: Yes, sure. Look, number one, we are very, very excited about our position in that market being one of the top players. And surely one of the players that before others moved into the state-of-the-art technology, which is fill and finish under isolator. So that is really creating a competitive advantage for Catalent and surely continued to increase our share of the most attractive molecules from a CDMO standpoint. I believe that the positive trends are twofolds: number one, the pipeline itself is lending naturally towards fill and finish because you're looking at assets in the pipeline, which are -- you cannot put in oral solid, so they are lending themselves more to fill and finish. And because there is a tendency to self administration, they lend themselves more towards prefill syringes and auto-injectors. So that's one dynamic. So, the pipeline -- when you analyze the pipeline, that's one dynamic. The other one is related to the increased movement of critical products to under isolator technology. Clearly, the regulatory environment is an evolving environment. And so the expectations when it comes to steady assurance I'm really suggesting that going forward, the preferred -- by far, the preferred way of doing this is going to be under isolator. And for that, we are very well, well positioned with great assets already online and many more coming online in the next 18 months.
Alessandro Maselli: So, look, for the Bettera one, this is a market we are looking at very, very closely. The overall BMS market has decreased in fact, in 2022. So, we are really trying to get together with our customers, with our biggest customers to try and to understand a little more. The fundamental dynamics about this market have not changed, meaning that there is a tendency of people to go to self or preventative medicine, so to speak. However, you want to call it, and surely gummies is our preferred dosage form. So the fundamentals are there. Clearly, the market is going through a correction both because of the end market demand, which has contracted in 2022 and because of destocking for cash considerations. So, we have seen surely be clearly a disappointing trend in the last few quarters. We expect this to continue through our fiscal year. But at the moment, there are signals that at some point in the later part of this calendar year, the correction of inventory could go out, we will be back serving the end market demand. With regards of the 2024, it's a little bit too early to have any consideration about it. So, as we're going to continue to walk through the fiscal year, we're going to keep you updated about this. But I would say that we continue to be excited about the partnerships we have with the key customers going into the future.
Alessandro Maselli: Yes. Look, let me ask this from the latter part of your question. So yes, additional suites are coming online as we speak in the -- as we have already shared. The level of utilization is ramping -- will be ramping up in the next few quarters, right? So I believe that in Q3, you're going to see a little bit of a balanced impact because, yes, you're ramping up, but you also -- the utilization, but you're also ramping up the cost associated with adding and training the people that are required for these new suites. As we said, we remain very optimistic around the gene therapy demand and viral vector manufacturing going forward, not only with Sarepta, but across the spectrum of our clients, it's a pretty good space for us. With regards to the tech transfers, these tech transfers continue to progress. Of course, there are several programs at the same time progressing. And I would say that they -- we are pleased with the kind of program we're transferring in. And surely, these programs will continue to contribute to our drug product growth into the future.
Alessandro Maselli: Yes. I just want to say that the partnership with Sarepta goes -- is a little bit wider than these only programs. So, they have some capacity that we dedicate to them into our Harmans facility, and they can allocate different programs, both clinical and preparation for commercial as they see their internal plants developing. So that is more than just DMD here.
Alessandro Maselli: So look, number one, I would tell you that we never assume a business going forward to grow at the top end of any range. So we didn't assume in our story there, the 20% assumption for sure, right? So we tend to be pretty conservative on these forecast because, as you know, things may change in these markets. So that's the first consideration. The second consideration I would say in terms of the PCH story, there is much more to PCH just regarding the gummies. When you look at the demand we are seeing that was in my remarks around Zydis dosage form is just exceptional demand. And I used the word exceptional, not by chance or mistake, we are seeing the demand that is far exceeding capacity. So we are building capacity as fast as we can. We're going to be opening soon in North America, not very soon, but sometimes in the next few quarters a North America facility for Zydis because we need an additional facility. We have installed recently -- last year, we have installed an additional line in Zydis, we are working on a number of operational excellence programs to debottleneck capacity there. But there are some very, very visible products, which are growing very fast in the Zydis format. So that is one area that is surely contributing to the growth story of PCH. And let me remind you that's one of the most profitable business of the current network should be over and above some other businesses, even considering Biologics. And with regards of the other parts of PCH, look, clearly, PCH, especially in the pharmaceutical supply is very much dependent on the timing of some approvals and the timing of some of -- and the launch of some of these approvals. So, it tends to be a little bit lumpy at times. But when you look at in the three to five years' horizon, that is a business that is a very exciting pipeline to support growth.
Alessandro Maselli: I'm going to add one comment to this one. Look, the fact that we are bringing online more assets into the network surely will contribute to the ability of running an endemic business with better productivity and profitability.
