John Chiminski: Yes. So I would say that we continue to be disappointed by the supply from API. And I think we're really starting to finally come out of it. Obviously, we still had some additional impacts in the quarter of about $2 million in EBITDA and the cumulative impact has been $14 million throughout the year. So it's really been, I would say, a difficult situation, but we have qualified additional suppliers. The 1 large supplier that had been on and off down for almost a year now has started to provide us some supplies. So we certainly see this situation abating in the final quarter. So I think our Softgel business, honestly, had performed amazingly well in the face of this API shortage of ibuprofen. And I think as we go into the fourth quarter here, I think we're again hopeful that we should be returning back to some normalcy, although we don't expect a big snapback, if you will, from refilling the shelves. But we certainly don't expect to be surprised again by IP -- by API shortages from -- on ibuprofen. 
John Chiminski: Well, so in Softgel, I would say we have a very robust slate of products and we've recently had a couple of products approved and launching here within actually this prior quarter and now in this quarter. So I would say in general we feel pretty good about the prospects for Softgel here in the fourth quarter with the API shortage abating and having some of those NPI products actually being approved. So I think we'll be pleased with the way Softgel ends up exiting the quarter for this fiscal year. 
John Chiminski: Yes. No, I think -- I mean the biggest impact here is first of all the business continues to be incredibly robust and strong. I think the biggest issue for us was really on the drug substance side in Bloomington where we had some -- I would just -- drug substance at Bloomington and then drug substance from Madison had some milestones and large clinical programs. So from a comparison standpoint, I would just say it was a little bit tough but the business continues to be long term robust. So I don't get too worked up on kind of year-over-year comparisons for this business given its ability to continue to grow extremely strong. 
John Chiminski: Yes. So first of all, as you know, Ricky, we'll provide guidance when we release our fourth quarter earnings and full year earnings, we'll provide guidance for fiscal year '20. But with regards to the updated long-term growth rates going from 4% to 6% to 6% to 8% and then going from 6% to 8% to 8% to 11%, it's a multitude of factors. Certainly, Paragon is being factored into that but I have to step back and say first of all on the Biologics front, when we take a look at the increase of our business going from about 26% of our revenues being Biologics to with Paragon, we now have 31%. The overall mix of the business that's being exposed to Biologics and its growth rate and its margin rates, certainly, are creating an overall pull towards that new guidance of 6% to 8%. But in addition to that, as we've done our -- looked at our strategic plans, we certainly have seen a very robust slate of pipeline products in our Oral Drug Delivery business, along with Softgel as we've stated that we expect to continue to see some near-term pressure based upon ibuprofen and the dispositions of businesses. Next year, we'll also have a disposition of a Softgel business that's in Braeside that'll impact its numbers  [Audio Gap]  Softgel will return back to its normal growth rate of 2% to 4%. So the culmination of where Softgel will be in a couple of years, the increasing exposure of the business to a fast-growing biologics business going to 31%. And in fact, across our strat plan, we actually show Biologics approaching near 50% of the overall revenues of the company over a 5-year strat plan plus an increasingly strong Oral Drug Delivery pipeline combined with, I would say, our CSS business getting back to high single-digit growth rates and possibly beyond as we continue to build -- or have a strong book-to-bill ratio. In fact right now, I mean, we've been recording the strongest book-to-bill ratios in several years over the last 6 to 9 months. And then there's a little bit of a lag between when you see that book-to-bill ratio and the sales wins to when it shows up. So it's really the culmination of all of those things gave us very strong confidence in taking our long-term growth rates to that 6% to 8%. 
John Chiminski: Softgel -- yes, what I'm saying about Softgel is we have the materials we need to basically deliver on Softgel. So it's been a challenge throughout the year as we talked about this cumulative $14 million EBITDA impact. Obviously you can take a look at the revenue of that, it would probably be about twice. So that's really been a drag on Softgel and to some extent, on a modest extent on the overall business. But now as we go into the fourth quarter, we do have the materials we need combined with some recent approvals that give us confidence in Softgel's performance here in the fourth quarter. 
John Chiminski: Yes, with regards to the products approved. As we've stated, we've got 20 products currently approved out of our Bloomington facility. And we definitely expect going into this next fiscal year that we're going to have additional products approved. We don't know what the exact number is but we're working off a fairly large list of products, of which we've got a lot of potential PAIs that are scheduled. So I think the continued growth track of Bloomington is going to be very strong. With regards to capacity, the best way for me to discuss this is that with the way that we are running the factory and with the equipment that we have, we see our way towards meeting our robust demand through the facility through 2021 right when we're going to be dovetailing in the capacity expansion that will essentially double our drug product filling capacity. So we just recently had our board there for a review -- our strategic review and had a review of the site. And again, without giving you a pinpoint on the capacity, I would say that our capacity situation really does allow for our continued strong growth through Bloomington up through 2021 where we're going to be dovetailing in the new capacity expansions. 
John Chiminski: Sure. So with regards to -- actually, we now have 3 preclinical development sites. So we have our Pharmatek acquisition, we have the Juniper acquisition which is now our Nottingham site and we've recently repositioned our Somerset sites. We actually have 3 preclinical sites, all total will have the capacity to bring in 100 or so molecules per year into the company in terms of preclinical development. I will tell you that already, we have a strategy -- internally, we call it the super highway. And what we're talking about is taking the molecules from these preclinical development sites, and moving them along to our commercial sites. And then I can tell you we've had somewhere between 5 and 10 molecules already exit out of those, out of our Pharmatek facility that have been now gone into our larger commercial facilities for scaleup in advance of a potential approval. And I can also tell you in our Somerset sites here, we already have a slate of products that, again, can be moved along for exit into a commercial facility. So the strategies are working extremely well. As you know, starting from preclinical all the way to commercial approval, you've got somewhere between a 1% and 10% chance of those molecules ultimately being commercialized. But again, as you know, we earn money all the way through the potential failure or launch of that molecule. So the strategy is working extremely well, and we've -- again, I think we've accelerated this Follow the Molecule strategy with those 2 acquisitions in the last 2 to 3 years combined with the repositioning here of our Somerset facility. So that's what leads to us growing those number of development programs and ultimately getting products launched. And as I said, we've already had exits out of those facilities. With regards to Nottingham and Pharmatek, it also brought us spray-drying capability that we didn't previously have. And we're now looking to do scaleup of spray-drying to I guess let those molecules grow up into larger producing molecules for the company. So overall, I would say the strategy is performing extremely well, very healthy and quite frankly gaining momentum with those 3 sites. 
John Chiminski: So certainly, this year we've been impacted by that significant product. And those happen aperiodically. They don't happen on a consistent basis. And we've just been caught with a fairly large product that went away and then modestly came back. So certainly, we're not forecasting a string of those. They do happen aperiodically and we got caught up in it. What we've talked about with regards to Oral Drug Delivery in the past is that in our previous long-term guidance of 4% to 6% that we believe the pipeline of Oral Drug Delivery will deliver at the high end of that 4% to 6% growth rate, so certainly, will not be a drag on our 6% to 8% per se. So [indiscernible] incredibly strong strategy of which I was just talking about what we're doing from a Follow the Molecule strategy with the 3 preclinical sites. It has one of the strongest product pipelines that we have within the company. And we're just -- as we heal from one of the large products and as we start to get some of the new product approvals, again, we're confident that this will be a product that will -- in our old guidance, will grow at the high-end of that growth rate and certainly be a contributor to the new 6% to 8% guidance. 
John Chiminski: Yes, we do. We do. And as a matter of fact, we had one large product we knew it would be coming but they pulled the plug, I would say, earlier and faster than we had anticipated. And as it turned out, they actually did pull it a little bit prematurely because it ended up coming back to us a little bit. So again, we have that visibility. And as we've always talked about, we have a very small slate of products that are large within the company. No single product is more than 4% of revenues. But if one of those does go away, it does have a significant impact. We happen to have one that was in the Softgel business and one that was in the Oral Drug Delivery business. Again, both have visibility to those. 
John Chiminski: Yes. So first of all, we still have our Softgel business at somewhere a little south of 35% of the overall business. I think it might be 33% or 34% post-Paragon acquisition. But as we take a look at our strat plans, all of our efforts -- a lot of our efforts, I would say in Softgel are towards margin expansion. So we've been culling some of the sites as you know. We dispositioned a couple of sites in the Softgel network. We've got a third one slated here with Braeside	. That's obviously having a small -- having impact on the revenue but it also will help on the margin accretion. Plus we have productivity programs there. So as we kind of take a look at the Softgel business again at somewhere around 33%, 34% of the overall business, we see somewhere between 200 and 400 -- 400 basis points of expansion there. So that's pretty significant. Obviously, as the mix of our business continues much more towards Biologics approaching 31% given the high margins in that business, the mixup from that business is also a driver. And then I would also say that Oral Drug Delivery as it kind of moves back into the expected growth rates and a strong slate, it actually has the highest margins in the overall business in aggregate as a stand-alone business unit. So it's the mixup of BSDD and ODD combined with the margin enhancement progress that we have within Softgel that give us significant confidence in our ability to continue to drive those -- to drive margin enhancements within the company. And you can only imagine when we're 50% of the company has revenues coming out of Biologics, which will be our gene therapy and our drug substance, drug product, analytical business, where those margins are at, it just pulls the entire company up. So again, I think it's a very strong and very real story from a margin standpoint with the company. 
John Chiminski: Yes, sure. So I mean there are a couple of things that are happening here. So first of all I would say that the EBITDA impact is a little bit stronger than the actual API issue given the fact that you have a situation where you have underabsorption within your factories and base costs, and we just can't continue to lay off some of those base costs and lay off people during the situation. So I think it's a little bit more pronounced at the EBITDA line than it normally would be. We're certainly seeing good demand coming back. But these things have a way of taking some time to get back to normalization, because given the large number of choices that people have in the pain relief category and the [ NSAIDS ] that it's not clear how quickly you get some of that market share back and whether or not they'll fully completely fill the inventory. So I think we're not at a "new low" but I wouldn't expect to see all that EBITDA all of a sudden snap back into the company. What we're just happy about is that we've been able to get back to I would say more normal levels of supply that give us confidence here in our fourth quarter. But I certainly wouldn't be -- and we're not baking in any upside of that cumulative $14 million as we go into our fiscal year '20. 
John Chiminski: Yes. No, they're aperiodic. They're not normal. We've got several situations with regards to -- we've talked about our Redwood Biosciences and so forth. And specifically within our drug substance business I would say we had some very large short -- or short-term clinical programs that we're delivering in the year that basically we've got comps against that right now. So we're not concerned at all about the growth rates that we have from drug substance. We know that as you kind of look at it, on a quarter basis, it looks like you've got a little bit of a [ tool ] back. We just know what was in it last time and I would just say that you shouldn't expect to see these milestone payments on a regular basis. And again, there were some large clinical -- short-term clinical programs that we're delivering last year that have -- that were only intended to be very short term for the business that have moved away. So that's kind of where that impact is from. 
John Chiminski: Well, I mean, first of all, the combined Biologics business, we're early days obviously with Paragon. But when we take a look at the investments that we're making in Bloomington and Madison that are essentially going to double their capacity, and then you layer on top of that the aggressive growth and capacity expansions that we're going to have from Paragon, I mean Paragon is growing from $100 million to $200 million just between '18 and '19. And I don't expect it to continue to have that doubling every year. But the growth rates that we expect from Paragon and Biologics, they're going to be married up with the capacity buildouts in Paragon. And the expansions that we have in Madison and Bloomington really point to a revenue number. When we take that into account of the growth rates of the rest of the business that could approach 50% in our 5-year strat plan. So we're talking about our '20 to '24 strat plan. So you've got to think out in 2024, but that's where it could be. It certainly will be north of 40% given the fact that we're already sitting at 31%. And by the way, that's not at the expense of the other business units. It's just it's growing at a much faster clip than the core business. So that's how we get there. 
John Chiminski: Thanks, operator, and thanks, everybody for your questions and for taking the time to join our call.  I'd like to close by reminding you of a few important points. First, we remain confident in and committed to delivering fiscal year '19 results consistent with our financial guidance and are focused on continuing to drive organic growth across our overall business including Softgel, which is expected to recover nicely in the fourth quarter. Second, we're committed to continuing to grow our world-class Biologics business as demonstrated by our January announcement of $200 million of CapEx being deployed to further build out capacity and capability in our Madison and Bloomington sites and look forward to continued strong double-digit revenue and high-margin EBITDA growth from our Biologics offering. Third, we're excited to close the acquisition of Paragon Bioservices in the coming weeks and look forward to welcoming the talented management and workforce into our company. The transaction will fundamentally enhance our Biologics offering while accelerating long-term growth and increasing shareholder return.  Fourth, the continued successful and efficient integration of the Juniper Pharmaceuticals business into the Catalent family is a top priority as we look to swiftly capitalize on our recent inorganic investments. The Juniper business continues to perform above expectations. Fifth, expanding the adjusted EBITDA margin of our business is a key focus area for this management team as we drive towards 200 to 300 basis points of further expansion over the next 3 to 4 years. Last but not least, operations, quality and regulatory excellence are at the heart of how we run our business and remain a constant focus and priority. We support every customer project with deep scientific expertise and a commitment to putting the patient first in all we do. Thank you. 
Wetteny Joseph: Tycho, I would just add that when you look at our core Biologics offerings, of course we have substance and drug product which we spent a lot of time talking about. In the quarter, the core Biologics still grew in the low to mid-double digits as it has in recent quarters as well. 
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, Juan, this is Wetteny here. So let me just provide some color here. First of all with respect to Biologics in our overall guidance which we've tightened the range here, obviously we don't provide guidance by segment. But if you look at the overall Catalent guidance that we just again tightened, it really is a factor of a number of things. First, if you look at ibuprofen, which we just spent some time talking about, it's really been a lingered issue well into our third quarter. Obviously coming into Q4, we've discussed our visibility into and our ability to have already received supply to manufacture in the quarter, which gives us confidence as it relates to Softgel in particular, but the lingered effects of ibuprofen throughout the year, the first 3 quarters of the year is certainly an impact in terms of where we now are within that existing guidance range. So that's the first thing I would say. The second item I would point to is while we're very pleased with the book-to-bill rations and net new business wins in our clinical business, there's a little bit of a lagging effect in terms of when we're seeing those come through in our revenues here. It's probably trailing about 1, maybe 2 quarters slower than what we've typically seen, but it certainly gives us confidence as we move forward here. We would've expected a little bit more revenue contribution in terms of top line growth from CSS given about 9 months of positive book-to-bill there. The last item I would point to is if you recall earlier in the year, we have with the change in revenue recognition with ASC 606 because of the timing of a contract end solution which we've had from time to time in the business, we have income and cash flows coming into the company which will not ever show up in our revenues. And so it's effectively lost revenue to the tune of $50 million plus that we added back the EBITDA given the cash flows and the income is reflective of what is ordinary course for us, but don't have the revenue in that. So if you take those 3 elements combined, certainly, they're all considered in terms of where we are within the range. I would say positively clearly given that we are at the midpoint of our EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA guidance, clearly we've had positive product mix across the businesses. The growth within our core Biologics business continues to be in the low to mid-single digits. And all of those given the higher EBITDA contribution from those businesses are certainly helping us to remain within the midpoint. That takes me to the second part of your question which is within Biologics and Specialty Drug Delivery, if Biologics is growing in the double digits, then where are we within the Specialty Drug Delivery? The ophthalmic and respiratory which we described on the prepared comments was a bit of a headwind for us in the quarter albeit a positive mix from an EBITDA perspective and therefore did not have an impact at the EBITDA line. But as you know, volumes or demand across a slate of products is not something we necessarily control. We do have high diversity across Catalent with 7,000 products which allow us to be able to continue to deliver on growth and EBITDA growth as well. But certainly, there are volumes across products that have an impact in the current quarter. Therefore, the lower contribution in terms of revenue offsetting that core Biologics growth. 
Wetteny Joseph: Look, we've said our CapEx is somewhere between 7% and 8% especially given the ASC 606 netting of comparator that was about nearly 50 basis points increase in the percentage there. And so we'll give individual annual guidance but clearly given the expansions within the broader Biologics, $200 million there, and what we can anticipate with respect to Paragon once we close that transaction, we would expect to have a bit of an uptick for probably a couple of years as we execute on those capital expansions and then returning to sort of a more normalized rate is what I would say at this point. 
Wetteny Joseph: So this is Wetteny here. Look, throughout the prior fiscal year '18 and even into the first quarter of this year with respect to Softgel, we discussed product participation being a headwind for us. And what we said was that we'll get to a low enough level -- and you're right, it's not necessarily an area of particular focus for us, that if we talk about product participation, it would be as a tailwind as opposed to headwind given the lower levels that we are. I would say that it can be somewhat lumpy in this area. So I wouldn't necessarily consider this to be a new normalized run rate for us with respect to product participation. But there are occasions where we would see opportunities across product participation on a go-forward basis if that's helpful. 
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. So with respect to Paragon, obviously we have not closed on the transaction yet and so we have not factored it into the tightened ranges that we have articulated here today. What I would say is that we expect the transaction to close sometime in this quarter. And given the trajectory that the business is growing, going from roughly $13 million of EBITDA in calendar year '18 to $56 million in calendar year '19, we clearly are in an up-ramp where it's going to be a bit more back-end loaded as we ramp up that trajectory. So I wouldn't expect this to be materially significant with only a few weeks by the time we actually close the transaction. 
Wetteny Joseph: Yes. This is Wetteny here. As you know, we don't provide guidance by segment nor by quarter. It really comes back to our annual guidance, and where do we fall within that guidance. And what I will just reiterate here is as we now have just 1 quarter left in the year, we see an ibuprofen issue that has really lingered longer than we would have anticipated all the way through and including Q3, with the trough of that having been in the second quarter. But certainly, it's contributed to where we fall within the guidance that we issued for the year as we tighten it here. So that's 1 element. What I would say is also I think our clinical business, we're very pleased that the business is really booking higher levels of wins, net new business wins above what we are currently having reflected as current period revenues. So that trailing 12 book-to-bill ratio is going to contribute to an uptick in terms of growth in that business. We would have expected that to already start here with our third quarter with normal burn rates coming from wins but it sort of extended a little bit, I would say about 1 to 2 quarters. So there's a couple items that I already mentioned, the lost revenue element within the year as well. And so taking all those into account, we've tightened the range from a revenue perspective, still within the guidance that we gave. What I would say is sitting here, as we look at Q4 and of course, we'll give guidance for the next year on the next call. But as I look at the ibuprofen challenge which again has lingered going back to the prior fiscal year and well into this one, very pleased with the fact that we have the supply that we need for the fourth quarter and we have secured alternate suppliers so that we can be a bit more assured in terms of the future as it comes to ibuprofen. Recent approvals within Softgel also gives us confidence in terms of Softgels. And I would say the core Biologics business  [Audio Gap] perform for us again in the low double-digit range that we've seen from the business over the last several quarters. So those are the things that certainly are in front of us as we look across the segments and a bit of color in terms of where we've landed within that range from a revenue guidance perspective. But certainly, from an EBITDA standpoint, we like the mix, the product mix across the business, the Biologics contribution. CSS, despite lower top line growth rates, has been really recording double-digit EBITDA growth for several quarters. All of those factors are contributing towards an adjusted EBITDA guidance that is at the mid -- slightly above the midpoint of our guidance that we started the year with. So that's how we've positioned both revenue and then adjusted EBITDA. 
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, Softgel, as we've said, has been really a 2% to 4% top line grower for us. It's a business that's in a niche dosage form, et cetera, certainly generates significant cash flow contribution to the overall company. But that's where the business has performed from a top line perspective and in that context is what we're seeing -- we would see above those historical levels as we are going to Q4, combination of the ibuprofen supply being in hand for the quarter as well as recent product approvals within Softgel that have given us some tailwind here for the fourth quarter. 
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, so specialty delivery was down on the quarter partially offsetting the low double digit growth we saw across the core Biologics business, netting Biologics segments to about a 5% growth rate. 
Wetteny Joseph: Yes, so I... Yes, sorry about that. So I would say that the rest of the specialty delivery within BSDD, I would probably put some more in the middle of our former 4% to 6% growth rate that we've now taken up to 6% to 8%. So I would say right in the middle of that 4% to 6% is what I would expect the rest of the specialty delivery to grow long term. Again, we don't provide guidance by segment and here we're talking about a subsegment here in any given year and so on. 
Wetteny Joseph: Look, I would say this is more of a cumulative effect on the year where we've tightened -- still within the guidance we started with, but certainly tightened here. The other 2 elements I described, both the lingering effects of ibuprofen and not seeing the top line growth coming through our clinical business a bit earlier in terms of -- relative to the uptick that we've seen in net new business wins, it's a little bit more delayed. And so those are sort of the more recent elements within again we're now just a quarter left in the year, we're able to tighten given where our visibility is where we would land for the total year. 
