John Chiminski: Yes, so first of all, this is clearly in the nutraceutical and nutrition category. So, there are no prescription products in there. And just as a reminder, and you know this well Tycho, that Catalent is a leading pharmaceutical services provider for both biopharmaceutical companies and consumer health. So, we've always had incredibly strong consumer health franchises. If you go into, any CVS or Walgreens and just peruse the aisles, you're going to see Catalent franchises that Catalent has from a liquid gel standpoint as well as many other products that people don't know, are being manufactured by Catalent. So, this has always been somewhere between 20% and 30% of our overall Softgel business, and it's been absolutely terrific. We've been looking to get into this area, honestly, for the last four to five years. We recognize it as an incredibly high growth area. And we believe, given the knowhow and expertise we have from an overall gelatin standpoint, we thought that we might be able to do this organically. But the truth of the matter is, is there is significant knowhow in capabilities, somewhat different from what we do in Softgels that necessitated us to go naturally, acquire one of the leading businesses in this overall area. What we also love about it is that given the strong relationships that we have with leading consumer healthcare companies that we are already partnered with from a VNS standpoint that we're going to be able to leverage those relationships. And then last thing I will tell you is, this is a capacity constrained area in high growth, and what Catalent does, just like we did with, Cook Pharmica, just like we did with Paragon, just like we're doing in MaSTherCell in cell therapy area, Catalent is an operating company that does things to scale, so we acquire assets and we did in the fact that this is a capacity-constrained area we really believe that we can grow this business into the leading manufacturer of this unique delivery platform, and honestly the margins are incredibly attractive.
John Chiminski: Yes, sure. So first of all, it's becoming increasingly clear that COVID vaccines and also boosters are going to be part of the way forward here, literally when we're sitting with only 50% of the population of the world vaccinated and the variants coming out, we see as we've noted in our prepared remarks that vaccines are really going to become part of actually the core Catalent business. I will tell you that all of the current contracts and take or pay and forecasts that we have from our customers with regard to the vaccines are contemplated in our current guidance. Obviously, there are situations where that could actually go up. It just depends upon what actually happens there, but all of the current information is currently baked into our overall guidance, so I'll pass it over to Tom for the back half of your questions.
John Chiminski: So first of all, I would just say that the dynamics in the gene and cell therapy space continued to be extremely robust. I think, over the last two years, we've really added critical pieces to our portfolio in the cell therapy space getting additional manufacturing facilities and capacity. We entered into the plasmid DNA space. And now, obviously, with the acquisition of RheinCell we have our hands on kind of iPSC cell bank. So, we really think that we have a strong portfolio, but I will tell you that we have a very strong science and technology team that is forward-looking and continues to understand where the technology is going and where Catalent can add additional, I would say, technology and capabilities into its portfolio, and we're going to continue to do that. I would say that broadly speaking in the Biologics area, it is going to continue to take a large part of our overall growth CapEx for the company, because we continue to see extremely strong pipelines, and in this business as we've seen over and over again, if you have the right capacity at the right time, you actually garner and win that business. Our gene therapy business is moving much more mainstream in terms of making products to make EBITDA. And I would say that the, reservation fees that were a significant component of the early part of the business when they're when we were literally dealing with a handful of suites within Catalent, well it will be somewhat part of the model, but it will not be the main part of the model. The bottom line is, when we have capacity customers, while we're able to actually bake the right deal in terms of what we would call site preparedness, equipment preparedness, and if a customer has long-term forecast, and once suite from us for a certain period of time, we're absolutely going to go ahead and get reservation fees. But I would say that, that was much more of a model in the early days, and now we're moving towards a model of just making literally hundreds, hundreds of batches in our gene therapy business. So now, a lot of the money is flowing from purely the work that we're doing, which is pure reservation fees.
John Chiminski: Well, clearly I would say, we're always on the hunt for great Biologics asset period. However, with the platform that we have, basically built through acquisition and attitudes, from an organic standpoint we really believe we have a footprint where organic investment is going to continue to fuel our growth. So, in today's earnings prepared remarks we talked about several significant expansions, whether it's in Anagni, whether it's in Limoges, I will say they're significant CapEx projects going on all across Catalent and obviously we're going to be seeing a high level of CapEx spend again this year, but Catalent really does continue to be very active in the M&A market. We do feel that we have really the right set of assets on a Biologics front and quite frankly, by being able to pivot here with really an exciting acquisition is going to bolster our SOT business segment from 3% to 5% to 6% to 8%, and incredibly attractive margins in a capacity constrained environment, where this is what Catalent does, we operate at scale. So Catalent’s ability to scale up that business and drive to be number one in this innovative delivery platform is really what we have our sights set on. So, what I really do like about Catalan is it's a well balanced business. And quite frankly, we've really been taxing pretty aggressively through the pandemic into vaccines, our biologics and gene therapy segment and now this allows us in our SOT segment, and to some extent, our other segments to be able to use our leadership to build out a part of the business that's always been core, a critical platform, has paid the bills with cash flow for many, many years, again absolutely a terrific acquisition for us. And we're excited to have the Bettera team as part of Catalent with their expertise and knowhow.
John Chiminski: No, it's a very big deal. Thank you for pointing out Anagni. First of all, I just want to, just say thanks to the Anagni leadership team. What they have done over the last 18 months has been absolutely phenomenal. You know, here in the U.S. we talk a lot about our Bloomington site, but the Anagni site has literally been a marquee site for the European COVID-19 vaccine efforts. And the team has really delivered flawlessly literally more than 100 million vaccine doses that have come out of there, so just a terrific leadership team. I can tell you that the synergy between drug substance and drug product is huge. Actually, we have an offering for it within Catalent, it's called one bile [ph] and our ability to basically do cell line engineering, do drug substance scale up into phase one, and then be able to put that into a finished drug dosage forms format for clinical trials and then ultimately scale up for manufacturing is absolutely huge. There are relatively few non-CDMOS that have that capability. Our biopharma customers, the larger ones do, but from a CDMO standpoint, I think Catalent is really up there with only maybe one other CDMO that is able to have drug substance or drug product and even better if you can have it all in one campus, which was what we'll be able to do at Anagni. So, we've kind of announced the 2x2000 leaders, but we're going to have the ability, obviously, to scale that up much more significantly. And I think you're going to see Catalent become an extremely strong player from a Biologics drug substance and drug product standpoint. Back to the previous question with regards to M&A and biologics, this is an area where although we have some terrific assets between Brussels facility or Limoges facility or Anagni facility, we're investing we're investing from a drug product and now also a drug substance standpoint, if we could secure additional drug substance and drug product assets in Europe, that would clearly be high on our priority list and we have been participating in quite a few processes, but haven't been able to land that one yet. So we're clearly being aggressive on the overall organic slug. But back to the question, the synergies between drug substance, drug products in the one bio offering we have is we're bringing more and more customers specifically, with the small to medium sized customers who want to have one stop shopping from the standpoint is very significant.
John Chiminski: Yes, so first of all, Bettera is really is in a massive growth phase as its stated they're growing at 20%. They have several in flight CapEx investments. I'm sure at some point we'll be talking on these calls about something called a Mogul [ph], which is really the workforce for the gummies area. And we will be investing a digital CapEx to scale that business, but I will tell you that the CapEx levels of spend will be much lower than anything that we see from an overall Biologic standpoint and lower than what we see from an overall Catalent standpoint, and will probably be slightly higher, but more in line with what we've traditionally spent in our SOT segment, really making it again a strong cash generator and it’s really attractive margins for the company.
John Chiminski: No, no, no, no, look, we have to sit back and remember that COVID was a massive accelerator for Catalent from a strategic standpoint. It actually accelerated our strategic plans and we brought on capacity earlier than we normally would have. And then that capacity, post let's say a lot of this volumes of vaccines, and three, maybe four years is going to be reapplied to the overall company. So I think, we're seeing here over the first couple of years, obviously this accelerated CapEx spend, but as we've kind of modeled out in our strategic plans, we see our CapEx spend moving much more towards that higher single digits. Our CapEx spend that we had prior to going into overall COVID I think that's the right way to look at the overall business. That being said, what we provisionally see is, again Catalent is a company that buys high growth assets and then scales them up. And I will repeat, we are going to be working to be the number one provider in the gummy categories over time. So we take the assets, and we invest in them to make them leading franchises. So if we were to not acquire anything else, I would see our CapEx moving down to that high single digit level. But again, as we acquire assets, we do invest in them. So it will really be dependent upon what assets we get John, whether or not that's going to, we'll see a slightly elevated area. But again, we love these projects, because the IRRs and cash on cash returns for the investments we're doing on the growth side, specifically in Biologics, gene therapy and now in the gummy area is going to be pretty fantastic.
John Chiminski: Sure. So first of all, we do not see a COVID clip in Catalent. We really came out of our strategic plan, so we modeled out and this was in April. A lot of things have happened since then, but we've got about three different scenarios. And right now, I will tell you that our current modeling against expected case is actually higher given the fact that we see vaccines for COVID, specifically being really much more of a sustaining and enduring revenue for Catalent, specifically with the advent of boosters that will come out lowering the age of those vaccines plus the large part of the world that still needs to get vaccinated. We're also seeing a change in formats, where we want fewer doses per vial. We're seeing a push towards going towards prefilled syringe and actually all those things actually led to increasing volumes for Catalent as you move towards your single dose or lower volume formats and also boosters. The other thing that I would tell you Dave is that Catalent has now put itself into the vaccine category in a really substantial way. It was always, I would say a significant category within Catalent, it's now moved up within our overall look at the -- of the overall categories within Catalent and with the capacity and capabilities and quite frankly, the strong brand reputation of being able to deliver this crazy tumultuous time of COVID vaccines, it's elevated our status as a CDMO in the vaccine category. We also see that mRNA is not just going to be a COVID vaccine, therapeutic platform. As you know, Moderna had quite a large pipeline, if you will, of mRNA vaccines. We're partnering very closely with them with COVID. We certainly expect them as well as our other partner J&J to be using our expertise for non-COVID related vaccine items. We're terrible detail here the call, but from a Catalent standpoint again, COVID was an accelerator of our strategic plans. And quite frankly, our growth and our ability to upgrade our long-term guidance now from 6% to 8%, to 8% to 10% revenue growth, I think is a testament of that. And also points to the fact that as you know, we've held on to our long-term growth guidance for quite some time since 2014 before bringing it up with the acquisition of Paragon and now bringing it up here in this earnings call. So that alone should tell you what our outlook is with regards to the growth rate of the company and how we see that teams continue to play a strong role into the future without any, I would say substantial plus in terms of the business since we'll be dove tied tailing in some of our strong, strong pipeline along with the continued sustained supply required for the COVID vaccine. Sorry for the somewhat belabored answer, but it's a really important question and it's important for me to be able to pass along all of that information broadly to the analysts and investors.
John Chiminski: Actually, thank you for that highlight and I probably should have also noted that, that is also a category that we're looking at within Europe. Clearly, we've got a strong footprint for cell therapy across our Gosselies, Belgium campus now, and also Houston and we have a huge capability and viral vector manufacturing in the Baltimore area. But if we were able to get our hands on the right asset from a viral vector manufacturing standpoint in Europe, that would also be a priority for us. We continue to see an extremely strong pipeline in the overall our gene and cell therapy space. And I do believe that, that having assets in the right one area are going to be key. We love being involved to market and to that really is kind of a center from an overall I would just the virology standpoint, but clearly, Europe will also be an area where we're going to continue to look for an asset there. And if we're not able to get our hands on one we may pursue the organic build out route that, that would obviously take some additional time. So thank you for actually highlighting that.
John Chiminski: Yes, so certainly, I would just say that, our LNP, or lipid nanoparticles are a big part of the secret sauce for mRNA delivery and we know, with regards to one very large specific provider of that they kept a lot of that in-house. And then with another provider, they are partnered, but there's a lot of reps around, I would say the knowhow and the intellectual property of those LNPs, it is an area that is high on our list. I've actually had some dialogues with one large customer about the ability to Catalent to be their LNP provider and broad based on mRNA sampling. So we're early on in those discussions, but it is a key area. I have to emphasize, again, I mentioned our science and technology team is constantly on the hunt for and looking out with advanced radar to understand what are the key technologies and key growth areas that Catalent needs to be participating in. And, an example of that is the RhineCell acquisition, which again, we think it's going to be key for us in the cell therapy of regenerative medicine areas. So we'll continue to see Catalent bringing in those types of technologies into the company. And certainly the mRNA space is going to continue to be, I mean, with two approved products here is clearly now it's going to be a therapeutic category, where we're all going to be watching what they're going to be able to do beyond vaccines. And the great news is, is we are partnered with currently one of the best the best of best in this area.
John Chiminski: So first of all, we just make the statement that this is a category that has Biologics or higher margins to it. So when we talk about it being accretive and then accretive to overall Catalent, that should give you signal. Let me just back up a little bit here, gummies have become the dominant experiential delivery format in BMS. And the BMS retail market is growing three times faster than the rate of over-the-counter. It's actually now larger than over-the-counter. Through the pandemic, and even running up to the pandemic wellness is become something of a personal responsibility, and people are really going after nutritional and nutraceutical and other functional areas. And gummies have been the format in fact, launching the most number of products in this category compared to everybody else, gummies have grown more than 20% CAGR per year for the last four years and now represents more than 30 billion doses. The BMS segment is growing in mid single digits, but gummies despite representing less than 20% of delivery formats in the comments for greater than 50% of total BMS growth over the last several years, nearly 70% is outsourced with a limited number of CDMOs and its capacity constrained. And again, what this catalog do well, we do things at scale. So our ability to scale this business appropriately, to be able to not only grow with the market, but to grow substantially faster than the market that is capacity constrained, compared to competition is really where we're going to be able to drive this to be kind of the number one franchise out there from the CDMO standpoint, that's why we got into this. So it's really, again, a terrific business for us. It is very high margins and one that Catalent can get its hands on, integrate, we have very detailed plans and in scale.
John Chiminski: I'll answer this at a high level that says that from a channel perspective, we are not paid for those. We are paid for cell. So if you have cells that are at a lower number of doses, it means you genuinely need more cells. So from an overall Catalent perspective, it's a positive tailwind as you go to formats that have fewer doses per vial, or potentially into the prefilled syringe format, and then you can expect those to be [indiscernible] and strong margins.
John Chiminski: Yes, nothing, nothing went wrong. It's usually a case of us being disciplined acquirers, both in terms of valuation. I would say nothing has gone wrong in our process. At some point, the valuations get to a point where they didn't make sense from an overall Catalent perspective, but I would just say that our processes are incredibly strong. They lead to the string of acquisitions that we've done, starting with Cook Pharmica, through Paragon, through MaSTherCell, through all of the campus that we've built out in Gosselies. But, again, doing M&A requires a certain level of discipline so that, at some point the value for the asset does doesn’t make sense and we kind of move on. So, just put this under the category of discipline to acquire where we moved on, and as you've seen we've taken a path that doesn't limit us by expanding pretty quickly, organically in the BMS facility that we purchased that's an Anagni as well as expanding our Limoges facility. So we'll continue to, aggressively look for those assets, but M&A is not a purely deterministic activity. It involves a lot of considerations in terms of moving forward in the process.
John Chiminski: Actually, John Chiminski will conclude here. Thanks, operator and thanks everyone, for your questions and for taking the time to join our call. I'd like to close by highlighting a few key points we covered today. Fiscal 2021 was an incredible year for Catalent. We didn't just outperform our expectations for 2021 during a global crisis, but our rapid response to the pandemic gave us the opportunity to do real good for the entire world provided an insightful demonstration of the depth of our capabilities, significantly elevated our brand, helped increase our engagement with our employees, as we banded together to meet the challenges of the pandemic and enabled us to accelerate our strategic plans and investments. In fiscal 2022, we expect strong revenue and EBITDA growth again, driven by continued growth in our biologic segment, as well as a return to growth in our SOT and OSD segments. Because of the investments we've made over the past few years, which included adding high growth franchises like those we've acquired in our Biologics segments, and like the one we now anticipate with Bettera, with stronger and better positions for long-term growth than ever before, as evidenced by the increase in our projected long-term net revenue growth target to 8% to 10%. Finally, I'm very proud of the team of more than 17,000 in the way we've lived up to our mission to help people live better, healthier lives. When we look back at our last fiscal year, we know that across the 1400 development programs we've had and the 7000 products we manufactured on behalf of our clients, we help enhance the lives of millions of patients around the world. Thank you.
Thomas Castellano: Yes, I agree with everything John said there related to guidance. I would also add Tycho, you're right, we've didn’t specifically highlight long-term EBITDA growth rates, but did speak to the continued margin expansion we expect to see as you’ll remember we mentioned working towards a 28% EBITDA margin for the business by 2024. We continue to believe that's a good target and are on pace for that. And we'll continue to see EBITDA growth rates in the long-term exceeding that of revenue growth with 8% to 10% revenue outlook we put out there.
Thomas Castellano: And Jacob, I would only add to this one, or just around the most of the market profile, John said in his prepared remarks as well as here around the attractiveness of the margins for Bettera. But they're actually accretive, not only to the SOT segment, but to Catalent overall. So very strong financial profile here of the pharma [ph] business.
Thomas Castellano: Yes, Dave, Tom here. So just under 31% EBITDA margin for the fourth quarter here for the business, a great performance from where we were a year ago. You're right, sequentially it is down from where we were at the third quarter level. I'll just point to a couple of things here. We have to remember that this is still primarily development business and with that does come some I would say volume related lumpiness that can have a negative impact on margins, but the fact that we're seeing the sustainable margins within this business rose 30% is something right in line with where management expected it to be. The other thing I would highlight here is component sourcing continues to be a growing revenue stream within the business. We do have a path through revenues associated with some of the components used for the vaccines, that comes in at a very low margin profile. And we're seeing that increase, having a little bit of a drag. The other thing I would say is, we think about the level of maturity within our cell and gene therapy business, cell therapy primarily, the investments that we continue to put into that business or I would say are relatively substantial from an operating cost perspective and do have a little bit of a headwind to the margin profile of biologics. But again, I just want to highlight the 31% that we saw in the fourth quarter, and again, right in line with where we expected that to be from a management standpoint, maintaining sustainable margins of up 30% within Biologics.
