John R. Chiminski: Thanks, Tom, and welcome, everyone, to our earnings call. We continue to perform in line with our financial performance expectations and are pleased to report second quarter results which include year-over-year revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth in constant currency. As you can see on slide 6, our revenue for the second quarter increased 6% as reported and increased 10% in constant currency to $483.7 million, with 8% of the 10% being organic, and with all reporting segments contributing to the growth. Our adjusted EBITDA of $98.1 million was above the second quarter of fiscal year 2016 on a constant currency basis by 2% primarily driven by our Softgel Technologies segment, which recorded double-digit revenue and EBITDA growth. Our adjusted net income was $34.7 million or $0.27 per diluted share for the second quarter. Additionally, through the first six months of fiscal year 2017, we've recorded revenue growth of 5% as reported and 9% in constant currency with 8% of the 9% being organic, which is above our long-term outlook of 4% to 6% top line growth. Now moving on to our key operating accomplishments during the quarter, first, we announced the acquisition of Accucaps, a Canadian developer and manufacturer of over-the-counter, high potency and conventional pharmaceutical softgel products. The acquisition highlights our commitment to build upon our market-leading position in the softgel space and adds two facilities in North America to complement our softgel center of excellence in St. Petersburg, Florida. The acquisition is currently under antitrust review in Canada and we expect it to close during the third quarter. Next, we made two enhancements to our capital structure during the quarter. We issued $380 million (sic) [€380 million] (03:12) of 4.75% euro-denominated notes and used the proceeds to pay down debt and to fund our acquisitions of Pharmatek and Accucaps. While on the market, we also re-priced both our U.S. dollar and euro-denominated term loans resulting in an interest rate reduction of 50 basis points on the U.S. dollar tranche and 75 basis points on the euro tranche. Finally, I want to provide an update regarding the integration of the Pharmatek acquisition that we closed late in the first quarter. As a reminder, Pharmatek Laboratories is a West Coast U.S.-based specialist in drug development and clinical manufacturing and has extensive early-phase drug development capability from discovery to clinic and bring spray drying into our already broad portfolio of advanced delivery technologies. Integration of the business is progressing well and is already benefiting our customers and creating value for the company. Now I'd like to turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Matt Walsh who will take you through our second quarter and year-to-date financial results and provide details on our outlook for fiscal year 2017.
John R. Chiminski: Yeah. Sure, Tycho, John Chiminski here. First of all, I just wanted to say the biologics business continues to be really growing in an incredibly fast rate. Just to remind you, the revenue from our core business was up nearly 250% over the last three years and EBITDA was up over 80%. And currently, as to factories running, we're running near capacity, I would say, upwards of 90%. And we have the third train basically slated towards engineering runs coming up in October, and that's the $34 million investment that we're currently in process of. We currently have our business development teams with a very active funneling. You can imagine with us being at 90-plus percent of our current capacity that we're making, I would just say good headway with a very strong pipeline in terms of allocating capacity in advance. And in fact, it's going to be coming in line, I would say, just in time given where our capacity is at with the current slate of business that we have there.
John R. Chiminski: Yeah. Sure. So, Dave, I apologize. You were breaking up a little bit here. But I got the gist of your question with regards to Accucaps and rationale. I would say the reason that we were excited about bringing the two facilities in Canada from Accucaps into the Catalent network is because they actually have a slate of business that's very complementary to what we're doing in North America. They have a slate I would say of both high potent generic pharmaceutical products, and then also they have an OTC slate of business and also – that would allow us to, I would say, tap into some markets that we had previously foregone in North America because we were at capacity in our St. Pete's facility. And this is going back nearly a decade, where they made some strategic choices about what business they would and wouldn't do and they primarily focused on the prescription business. So, by bringing these two facilities and their book of business into the company, it allows us to further expand our footprint in North America, specifically as it relates to some OTC products and some additionally for some pharmaceutical products. And again, we always – although we are by far the largest player in the softgel market, we really want to continue to keep our very strong position there.
John R. Chiminski: So, I would tell you that one of the most important things we do in the company, John, is our five-year strategic plans where we're constantly looking at the capacity across all of our facilities. And the most significant constraints that we've had over the last several years, we knew it in advance specifically in Winchester where, as you know, we doubled our footprint there, or capacity there with a $52 million investment. And that was the capacity that was running, I would say, at capacity. And then, our biologics business, I would say, it was a transformation of the business, and we did not really appreciate how quickly that would be taking up, which has driven us to that 90% capacity. I would say elsewhere in the network that we are well balanced and are ahead of any big CapEx requirements. And I would expect us to continue to spend kind of in that 6% to 7% of revenues for CapEx going forward.
John R. Chiminski: John, you said a word I didn't understand. You said bond cycle, can you repeat that again? The competitive landscape...
John R. Chiminski: I'm sorry, John. Yeah. No. First, all I would say is that the marketplace continues to be incredibly robust. The pipelines have increased something like 50% over the last several years. And they continue to grow. So, I would say, from a long-cycle business, we continue to win at or above previous year rates. We expect to have another, I would say, record business development year in Catalent the way that we count internally for our sales team, our business development team. So, I'd say, the overall marketplace continues to be very robust. And I'll just reemphasize that it continues to tilt more towards the biologics area which is again, the reason that we continue to invest aggressively given the large number of molecules that are in that pipeline and continue to grow.
John R. Chiminski: Yeah, sure, Ricky. I'll take this one. First of all, again, as Matt stated earlier, it's very early days. But with regards to any potential border tax, I think it's important that everybody understands that for most all of our customers, they take ownership of the product from the time it leaves our dock. So, where they ship it to, and for our plants, they may be shipping it to a consolidating area, a packaging area where it then goes to somewhere upwards of 60 or 70 different countries. They have the complete ownership of that and have control of that. So, in terms of any impact for Catalent, there is no Catalent shipping into the United States, if you will, as an owner of that product, enduring some sort of tax. So that is on our customers. The other part of this question is, well what if that incurs more costs for your customers, and are they going to come back to you for that. And we point to the fact that the one, we have very strong and enduring contracts. And second of all, we're a very small part of the overall cost of goods that we don't even come close to having any meaningful impact on a large border tax. The third is, we certainly have capacity in several of our key facilities across the U.S. I'd point most significantly to our expansion in Winchester where we would readily take on those products. But in the pharmaceutical world, tech transfers can be a multiyear process and if there has to be a capacity build it could be even longer. So, I think as anything happens from a potential tax standpoint, they're going to have to think through the implications in a very highly regulated business that has product registered in tens of countries that, again, could take from three to five years if you are looking at a build plus registration – qualification and the registration of those products across the board. So, obviously we're thinking of these things, but given our position, specifically with regards to border tax and the way our customers take control of those products, there's really relatively little for us to worry about. And then we're certainly willing to take on additional capacity in the U.S. if that opportunity affords itself.
John R. Chiminski: I don't know that we have that number and I'd go back to say, I mean, we can give you the split of revenues outside the U.S. versus in the U.S. But again, we manufacture products in those plants. And in those plants, our customers take control of those products and then may ship upwards of 60 or 70 different countries. So, that's a question that our customers know, and again, would bear the brunt of any border tax effect that's implemented.
John R. Chiminski: I wouldn't even guess. I mean, again, we're making – most of the products in our plants are single sourced through those plants. And so, you'll have a large pharma customer that will take that product and they will allocate it to the markets around the world that they're shipping into, and we do get detailed forecast but they're generally giving us – because we produce product in bulk. We're not the end-packager, so we wouldn't have visibility to all the countries of destination. We just know where the product is actually registered in but we don't know what percent of that allocation, at a macro level, is destined for the U.S. And again, I go back to my point, the customer owns that product FOB from Catalent.
John R. Chiminski: I would just say, in general, pricing is strong. I think we've given a statistic before that our data shows that there will be more demand than capacity in the industry for the next five years. And most of it will be positioned for the less than 5,000 liter trains which is where Catalent is really putting all of our investment into. And so, I would say that pricing is strong. Our ability to lock up customers in advance for them to reserve capacity is going up and it has some of the highest margins, I would say, right now in the business, margin percent.
John R. Chiminski: Again, this is where you have to sort through the rhetoric and talk about what is real and pragmatic. And any buildup of a pharmaceutical capability would take many years and a significant amount of investment, and some, I wouldn't say regulatory hurdles as much as, again most of these facilities have single-sourced in those facilities meaning that they have to be registered in upwards of 60 or 70 different countries. And even when we win a job or when we win business from a pharmaceutical company, to do a tech transfer into our facility, it's a two to three-year process in a facility that already have capacity. So, I think from my perspective and I'm stating opinion here, that if there is future choices about where to allocate manufacturing for new products. Those products or builds would probably get a first look at the U.S. if those capabilities are there, and it's best positioned. But I don't foresee anything that we'd be shutting plants down externally and building new plants into the U.S. So, I'm looking at this purely from a practical standpoint for a very long cycle business that's highly regulated. So, I think it's more about what happens to where choices are made for future build versus anything else. And I'll just make the final comment which is most of these choices are not based upon labor cost. They're based upon, in the pharmaceutical industry, generally capabilities and then as we've seen over the last 5 or 10 years, based upon tax jurisdictions for cash flow reasons, which is why we've had so many people wanting to invert. So, I think you'll have less people wanting to make those decisions to go to a lower tax jurisdiction and making future decisions about making their products, again, where the capability is and where they have the best opportunity for a return.
John R. Chiminski: Thanks, operator, and thanks again, everyone, for your questions, and for taking the time in joining our call. I'd like to close by reminding you of a few of our key priorities for fiscal year 2017. First, we're confident and committed to delivering fiscal year 2017 results consistent with our financial guidance, which is in line with our long-term outlook of 4% to 6% revenue growth and 6% to 8% adjusted EBITDA growth. Next, we're committed to building world-class biologics business for our customers and for patients, and look forward to another year of double-digit revenue and EBITDA growth from our core biologics offering. Operations, quality, and regulatory excellence is at the heart of how we run our business. It remains a constant focus and priority. We support every customer project with deep scientific expertise, and a commitment to putting the patient first in all we do. Lastly, we're well-positioned to capitalize on our industry-leading partnerships, and the potential for consolidation. We continue to target tuck-in acquisitions that we can integrate swiftly and efficiently in order to maximize value to our shareholders as evidenced by both Pharmatek and Accucaps. Thank you.
Matthew M. Walsh: I'll start with the second part of the question, Tycho, which is we do see the recent growth that we've experienced in CSS. We do believe that will continue, so, yes, we see it continuing to grow towards the high end. In terms of the mix of business, from what we're able to see in our backlog, it would seem to be case that we'll probably see mix that is slanted towards storage and distribution for the remainder of this fiscal year, but we do see that normalizing beyond the six-month window.
Matthew M. Walsh: The contribution from M&A in the current quarter was approximately 2 points of revenue and about 1 point of EBITDA. And the acquisition of Accucaps is similarly-sized. So, that's what we expect the impact to be.
Matthew M. Walsh: I would just say that it's very early days with regards to the Lonza and Capsugel acquisition, if you will. And we certainly haven't seen any specific competitive dynamic changes in the marketplace due to that acquisition.
Matthew M. Walsh: The new guidance, Tim, relative to the original guidance at the beginning of the year, has about $15 million of FX impact at the EBITDA line.
Matthew M. Walsh: Well, Tim it's obviously very early days for the company to be guiding on the impact of any potential tax changes, because we just don't know where it's going to land. In response to the second part of your question though, which is a little bit more specific and easier for me to respond to, Catalent would be more considered to be a net exporter versus importer as far as the U.S. is concerned, given that we are shipping from our U.S. sites across borders, while most of our inputs are sourced domestically within the U.S.
Matthew M. Walsh: It has not changed, John. We continue to believe that we will generate free cash flow in the range of 60% to 70% of adjusted net income. No changes there.
Matthew M. Walsh: So, the guidance that we've issued implies organic growth that's really squarely in the middle of the 4% to 6%, Ricky, so it would be on the upper end of your 3% to 5%. And our long-term outlook for the business has not changed at all with respect to Catalent thinking that we can grow the business organically 4% to 6% at constant currency for the foreseeable future.
Matthew M. Walsh: Well, our expectations for the recovery of Beinheim are largely proceeding per our original guidance for the year, and that has Beinheim operating at about half of its former level of utilization. And we believe that that will be the case for the foreseeable future.
Matthew M. Walsh: The interest expense number actually is we're not changing it. Our expectation has been about $92 million of interest expense for the year. And so, what we achieved with the refinancing, even though we've got higher gross debt, it comes at a lower weighted average interest rate, those about offset.
Matthew M. Walsh: So, let's just make sure we're in the same place. One of the questions was, is Catalent a net importer or net exporter? And I said – my answer to that was, for our sites in the United States, since we seem to be concerned with U.S. tax policy. For our sites in the United States, we are exporting more in terms of dollars in revenues than we are buying in raw materials or services or any other factors of production from offshore. That doesn't necessarily say that that's just API, Sean. So, that's just a general high-level comment about our United States footprint. So and in many cases, that API is the customer's property to which we're adding value – intellectual property, and otherwise as we are in the processing chain. That'll be kind of a wrinkle that the policymakers will have to think about. And I'm not exactly sure what the impact on Catalent is there in cases where we're getting API but we're not actually buying it. So the short answer after that long answer is that it doesn't necessarily change our view on the attractiveness of an API target for M&A purposes.
Matthew M. Walsh: In fact it's just the opposite. The base business is performing better than our expectations. And so, FX is being offset by that and to a lesser extent acquisitions.
Matthew M. Walsh: Given that our guidance is essentially unchanged, all we've done is narrow the range. I think it's safe to assume that our expectations about overall timing of new product introductions in dollar magnitude is mostly unchanged.
Matthew M. Walsh: So, the way to think about is we will be continuing to utilize net operating losses at the federal level in the United States through the end of our 2018 fiscal year. That's our best projection at this point.
Matthew M. Walsh: You've got it right, Tycho. It is the animal health business and that is a significant enough product for that relatively small business segment to be the sole driver of the growth.
Matthew M. Walsh: The only other thing I would add to John's answer is that the rhetoric around manufacturing seems to be focused on companies that have outsourced their manufacturing to other countries to realize lower cost of labor, but then ship those same products back to the United States. That's really not a feature of our manufacturing footprint as it exists today, where we have plants outside the U.S., where those plants are generally servicing local markets. Or like in the case of Swindon, for example, our Zydis technology, we do that in just one place in the world. So the rhetoric, as it's being – as it's coming out of Washington, is focused on companies that are far different than the way Catalent is organized in terms of how we manufacture.
