John R. Chiminski: Hi, Julia, John here. So, first of all, I would say – outside of the kind of worldwide shortage that we're seeing with ibuprofen, I would say, that Softgel is really operating in line with our expectations for the year. Obviously, there was a couple of headwinds, specifically on the revenue front with regards to a couple of facilities that we had dispositioned, one in DY (24:26), another one in Haining. There is a little bit of softness that we've been seeing in our Rx portfolio in our St. Petersburg facility, but it's being offset, I would say, by strength in our OTC portfolio for the year. So, net-net, I think the biggest challenge that we have, really, is the continuing shortage of ibuprofen. We had highlighted this earlier in the calendar year and we're hopeful that we would be through the significant issues near the end of this year; and, unfortunately, those issues haven't abated and, to some extent, I would say that it just ended up being worse than we expected. And as we've highlighted in our statements here that, had it not been for ibuprofen, we would have been able to deliver an additional $4 million to $5 million of EBITDA within the quarter. And again, we expect to see, I think, in the next quarter and, potentially, the quarter after, continuing impact from this shortage. Again, I stated that, outside of that, Softgel really is operating within our expectations. We've always said that this was going to be really a 0% to 2% year for our Softgel business, and then moving back more towards its historical growth rate of 2% to 4% in our fiscal year 2020.
John R. Chiminski: Well, so first of all, I'll start off with the fact that a significant strength of the company is in our diversification in more than 7,000 products that we have. But we do have, I would say, a handful of products that are fairly significant. And specifically within ODD, we entered the year knowing that we would have a challenge specifically with regards to one product that a customer was going to be insourcing due to internal capacity that they had. We didn't know exactly what the timing of that would be, and whether or not some of our other product launches would be able to backfill that in time. But I would say, net-net, where we're at right now, this is not a systemic issue, this is really that one large single product. We've got a great pipeline in the ODD business. And right now in terms of our overall full-year guidance that we're providing, we have that taken into account.
John R. Chiminski: Sure. Within Bloomington, we – actually this has really been a terrific story for the company because when we acquired Bloomington, we had 12 products that were commercialized with visibility to a dozen or so more that we thought would be commercialized over the next, I would say, 24 months. And as we sit here today, we already have 20 products that are commercialized. With regards to the capacity, I would say that on a pure capacity calculation standpoint, we're probably sitting at around 50% maybe we're even approaching 60% of capacity utilization in Bloomington. But the challenge for us now is effectively allocating that capacity to the actual demand that is there. So we're currently working through making sure that we're doing more than allocating capacity we have and trying to fulfill the very strong robust demand that we have. I'll also just highlight the fact that I mentioned in my remarks that we recently had our board approved significant CapEx both for Madison and Bloomington. These are projects specifically for Bloomington that is going to double the capacity of that facility kind of in a 2021 timeframe, and then within Madison, it's going to add a fourth and fifth train. Both of these are significant CapEx, they're both – one in Madison, it's just under $100 million, the one in Bloomington is just over $100 million that will be spent over the next three years in those build outs keeps us within our 7% to 8% CapEx spend as a percent of revenue. But it also talks through the confidence that our board has and the demand that we're seeing both on the drug substance side for Madison as well as the drug product for Bloomington.
John R. Chiminski: All right. Thanks, John. First of all, I would say that the collaboration is good and continues to improve. Clearly, we now have end-to-end biologics capability from drug substance in Madison, all the way through drug products in Bloomington. Bloomington did have some drug substance capability, but it was primarily around 2x2500 stainless steel. They have a much smaller suite of drug substance customers at that site, I would say, in fact just the rough numbers the Madison slate of customers they pool from – for drug substance is about 10 times that that we have in Bloomington. So now on the ability for our drug substance customers in Madison to also have full capability end-to-end for drug product has significantly increased, plus, I would say, the cross-selling between the slate of customers that we have for drug product in Bloomington, compared to the slate of customers that we have in drug substance in Madison is also plussing up, if you will, the overall pool of folks that we get to talk to. I specifically know of a great example for a very large customer in the Indiana region that we had a great relationship, but had not been using the drug product capabilities of Bloomington. And once we have brought the two companies together, our relationship with that customer has led to significant opportunities that we wouldn't have otherwise had within Bloomington and that's happening across a slate of customers. So I couldn't really be more pleased with how our teams are working together, how the overall end to end capabilities are really reinforcing each other and really providing for much more robust business in what is a very robust environment for Biologics. Again, accentuating the point around the significant CapEx that our board just reviewed and approved which again talks to the confidence that we have in both those businesses, the demand and the pipeline that we have.
John R. Chiminski: Yeah. The only thing that I'd also say is that there is potential for a launch within that segment where we're spending a lot of base costs, I would say, in advance of a potential approval that is weighing on margins slightly; and, again, that's outside of the core Biologics area. And I get back to our first quarter, in terms of, I would say, our lower level of activity compared to the back half of the year; in fact, we're splitting it now, 40%, 60%. So you are bearing a little bit of the burden of the base costs in those folks (38:08) in advance of the more significant volume that we get in the second half of the year.
John R. Chiminski: I would say our expectations remain the same in terms of the margin expansion that we have baked-in to our long-term plans of 200 basis points to 300 basis points improvement over the next three to five years. And obviously, we still have our long-term guidance of 4% to 6% on the revenue line and 6% to 8% on the EBITDA line.
John R. Chiminski: Yeah. So we're actually extremely pleased. We actually internally refer to this as the superhighway from Pharmatek to our – either our Kansas City or our Winchester facilities that we have. And this will also be the same, although it might have to be a super tunnel, I guess, across the Atlantic from Nottingham. But if my memory serves correctly, I believe, there is already eight products from Pharmatek that we have transferred over for higher scale into our Kansas City facility. So the strategy is absolutely working on both of these facilities, both Pharmatek as well as the Juniper facility in Nottingham. These were early development houses. They've got great expertise in working with customers early on with regards to our formulation development, early molecule development, if you will. However, they did not have the ability to go into further clinical Phase I and on manufacture. So our ability to take them further in the Catalent network is significant and there is some other – they brought a spray-dry dispersion technology in both of those facilities, and now within the Catalent network, we're looking to scale up internally with some additional potential CapEx for that spray drying. So overall I would say, strategically Pharmatek has absolutely met, if not exceeded our expectations and we expect the same for Juniper. So both of them have been really terrific strategic acquisitions for the company.
John R. Chiminski: Thanks, operator, and thanks, everyone for your questions and for taking time to join our call. I'd like to close by reminding you of a few important points. First, we're confident in and committed to delivering our fiscal year 2019 results consistent with our financial guidance and are focused on continuing to drive organic growth across our overall business. Second, we're committed to building world-class Biologics business for our customers and for patients and look forward to continued strong revenue and EBITDA from our Biologics offerings. Third, the continued successful and efficient integration of Bloomington biologics as well as the integration of the Juniper Pharmaceuticals business into the Catalent family are top priorities as we look to swiftly capitalize on our recent inorganic investments. Next, expanding the EBITDA margin of our business is to keep focused area for this management team, as we drive towards 200 basis points to 300 basis points of further expansion over the next three to four years. Last but not least, operations, quality and regulatory excellence are at the heart of how we run our business and remain our constant focus and priority. We support every customer project with deep scientific expertise and a commitment to putting the patient first in all we do. Thank you.
Wetteny Joseph - Catalent, Inc.: Just one quick item I'll add is, first of all, we don't provide guidance by segment. But if you recall, we did indicate that we expected one more quarter of product participation headwind within our Softgel business, which again, is part of what we factored into our guidance for the year and what we're seeing here in addition to the APAC divestitures and ibuprofen, which John already mentioned.
Wetteny Joseph - Catalent, Inc.: I'll just add a couple of quick things. Our Oral Drug segment has a broad scope in terms of the products that are available. If you look at the number of approvals in terms of Oral Drug more than 90% of them would fall within the format that we offer within our Oral Drug Delivery segment, the segment that the market is growing around 6%. So the pipeline of products that we have in this segment is very robust and we expect it to return to the normalized long-term growth rates, which we believe to be in line with the overall Catalent level.
Wetteny Joseph - Catalent, Inc.: So we haven't provided guidance within the year by segment, as I mentioned earlier, Juan, but I would say, I would expect that level as we're into the second quarter, as we mentioned, we expect this headwind to continue through the second quarter. Beyond that, we're not providing any particular segment-by-segment guidance. What I would say is that the product that we discussed earlier, we're actually in talks with the customer now about getting some of that volume back, which would have impact into the second half of the year of us.
Wetteny Joseph - Catalent, Inc.: Sure. I think, first of all, I would say, throughout the organization, if you look at the NPIs that we highlighted in our prepared comments, they are really across all of our segments. But in particular, if you look at our Biologics business which as John just highlighted just the demand profile across the business and our opportunity to execute against and deliver in the remainder of the year, I would expect the Biologics BSDD segment to continue to show and have sequential growth as we execute through the balance of the year. And then the last point John mentioned in his prepared comments was that really throughout the network, we have built backlog. We specifically highlight backlog with respect to our Clinical business, which you can see the net new business wins lifting and are building up our backlog. You saw the sequential increase in backlog that we reported for CSS. But also elsewhere in our long cycle businesses, we've build backlog that we'll be able to execute again across both certainly Softgel as well as our BSDD segment.
Wetteny Joseph - Catalent, Inc.: Yeah, so in our prepared comments we discussed actually having growth in our core Biologics businesses, but within our Blow/Fill/Seal and sort of opthalmic business, we saw declines year-over-year, which really drove that. Just another point is that – and this is true across Catalent, the first quarter is our sort of lowest quarter across the year and you tend to see EBITDA margins be the lowest as well, as we have shutdowns and other items throughout the network. And I think if you look at the quarterly spread across historically, the first quarter would be the lowest quarter. But those are the two points within Biologics and Specialty.
Wetteny Joseph - Catalent, Inc.: Sure. I'll just sort of remind what we have already announced or executed. So we did divest two facilities, one in China, the other one in Australia. Those two had about a 2 percentage point downward impact on the top line for the Softgel segment. We also announced a third divestiture, which is a facility we have, also, in Australia. That one is actually about 12 months out in terms of closure, as we are transferring certain products out of that facility, elsewhere in the network, which will certainly aid in terms of the throughput in other factories and operational margin lift, as well, from that activity. So that one has not closed, yet, but it was announced. Other than that, we have not announced any other divestitures. But, clearly, we have a broad network across the various segments, which we continue to execute demand from and we'll – as always, we'll evaluate those, but we have not announced any other divestitures other than those three.
Wetteny Joseph - Catalent, Inc.: Those – that facility, as I mentioned, we'll be moving products from that facility elsewhere in the network.
Wetteny Joseph - Catalent, Inc.: We have not disclosed any particular headwind related to that. What I would say is significant number of products are actually going to be remaining with us elsewhere in the network.
