Scott Wagner: Yeah, thanks Sam. It’s Scott. So, on Main Street Hub, Main Street Hub's model it is higher touch and it's helping customers fully set up and particularly manage the communication process through all the different touch points of social media. And as of right now, our focus is going to be on introducing this proposition to what we think is about two million high potential customers within our base, during diligence we screen their value proposition for their highest and best performing customers and finally we had about a two million overall TAM within our base and so our first focus is setting ourselves up to introduce the services that exist today into the GoDaddy base. Second and this is where it really gets interesting is taking workflow technology to manage content and actually helping to syndicate that through everybody's different points of presence, whether it be a website or social media or even email and communication plans that customers would have with their own customers. That's going to be down the road. But that's really where we're headed with Main Street Hub. To your second question on SmartLine, SmartLine today has tens of thousands of customers who are continuing to evolve with the feature set nicely. Over the last quarter or two, we've added things like texting, call forwarding, some toll-free number capabilities and particularly texting is having really great customer resonance. We're happy with the product and with that feature evolution and we're just continuing to build it up. I mean, the big focus now is, boy, just continue to build a use case around tens of thousands of bases of customers that they're going to work with. I think the point for people listening and thinking about 2018 is obviously it's at a scale where it's not going to affect our financials this year, but it's a product and a value proposition that we are continuing to work on and are attracted by.
Scott Wagner: Hey, Lloyd, it’s Scott. So, on the synergy, we’re feeling really good about reaching and exceeding our $20 million target that we’ve communicated to everybody which is a combination of both revenue and cost. And so, operationally, you can think about what we’re working on, on two fronts. The first is product and platform and the second is just our go-to-market effort. On product and platform, we’re putting our products together into a single global product portfolio. So, for example, SSL, all of the aftermarket services in our – we’re very close on domains to having those all basically running in the same place, productivity is shortly to follow and hosting a little further beyond that. And so, there’s no one single milestone, but those are tracking really nicely. On the second operational category, which is merchandising and go-to-market, we’re building a single care organization in Europe that’s ticking along nicely and we’re continuing to put marketing dollars into the countries in Europe based on our footprint and our relative opportunity. And I think that’s probably the relevant takeaway for you which is we’re running EMEA together, both HEG and the GoDaddy brands and our scale and our scale in half there is allowing us to continue to message and expand our position and are certainly markets where we have a big footprint like the UK, but also to invest more into some of the continental markets where we have a smaller presence, but think we can ramp. And the tactics really aren’t different; it’s the same marketing playbook of brand awareness combined with some super sharp performance marketing underneath that that’s got really nice return. The overall focus on messaging is around who we are, who we stand for, and what we do which is get ideas, a great online presence and help them grow over time.
Scott Wagner: Yeah. Thanks, Matt. That's a great -- it’s sort of a great question. I think two things are, they're complimentary, not contradictory and that's the most important point. And if you follow customers around the line between DIY and DIFM is also not a hard one and there's a real spectrum between those different activities. So, that’s a super important point to communicate and understand. With Main Street Hub, also when you think about activities that our customers are doing online, their website, both design, maintenance, updating, social media presence, some marketing and communication campaigns, SCO optimization. Five years ago, those were all discreet activities and we’re trying to bring those together both productizing them and for those customers, who want a little bit of a boost or help to create the capability to help them to do that. And look, that’s the part of the core value proposition that we’re able to offer at GoDaddy which is combining truly distinctive products at a global level wrapped with a personal interaction. Now when it comes to pros, pros are a big part of that and pros are these independent, largely independent or small groups of designers that might be doing these services also for people. This is complimentary and we can help pros both get customers and for those who have maintenance requirements maybe do some of the same stuff on behalf of pros, but we see this as complementary not contradictory.
Scott Wagner: Hey Ron. Yeah, I wouldn’t attribute it to anyone, it meaning good bookings performance, relative ARPU to any one specific thing. But I would say it’s a combination of our marketing message and footprint, which is what we say and how we reach customers both new and existing. As you said, our merchandizing flows and how we’re bringing our products together in a clean way and you know how our care team is helping to steward that process and it really is a combination of all those things that’s I think helping propel the business.
Scott Wagner: Yes. I mean it's very I think attack on that right. When you look at that 2 million customers it is a smaller subset because of that ARPU. That's a dramatically higher ARPU than our average customer.
Scott Wagner: That's correct. Again, in Ray's comments, yeah, Ray said at 10 million per quarter it's a $40 billion top line business today.
Scott Wagner: Hey, Brent, well, so on business apps, I think the priority, if you're thinking about productivity is to make sure that in a really clean and easy way, we can introduce in a branded e-mail and productivity solutions to our customers. And if you're new, you can see that in our purchase flow and the linkage between a name and getting branded e-mail and us, we you done a I think a very good job of that and its actually putting attachment in a pretty elegant way now. Now bundling is a merchandising offer, but if we move towards subscription, then it gets pretty interesting. Where today these are still discrete products, but for certain segments of customers, you can absolutely see a world where you have site email and a domain name tied together for a certain price point. Now we're working on that and there is some underlying platform technology to do it, but that's a focus. And you could take what I just described on those big three and extend it to a whole bunch of other products as well. That is a 2018 effort to be able to not just merchandise them together but at pure customer, activate, manage and have all of those three products really operate as one. And that's kind of what's coming next.
Scott Wagner: Yeah. So, Brian, the punchline remember it’s uFCF kind of if that mix just boards itself out through uFCF, and our guidance this year includes all of our planned work already go into the cloud. So, what we're talking about it, but for modeling purposes our guide includes everything that we think we're going to be doing this year related to our infrastructure.
Scott Wagner: I think the relevant -- James, maybe I’d answer with a different cut which is if you look at what our customers are trying to do in the variety of products or services that they’re paying other people thousands of dollars to provide, our product roadmap is about logical extension from our strengths and our strength is right now online presence. 17 million plus customers around the world work with us, we have the honor of serving them today focused on presence which is your name, your site and branded email. And you can think about a category like security for example or email marketing or what we’re doing in social media as natural adjacencies from those three points in the online presence triangle and our strategy has been super purposeful around the great in a way and what we do today which is online presence and then continue to expand from there in ways that are distinctive and meaningful for our customers. And that has been the way we’ve been thinking about it and certainly will be for the future.
Scott Wagner: Yeah. Thanks. Yes. Well, so same we localized everything in 2016 and sort of 2017, we then started to spend some amount of dollars into the market, and I think we had said Asia was low-single-digit percentage of our revenue. And a couple other markets in Southeast Asia where we’ve started to put our shoulder against where we’re seeing nice growth that kind of looks like India in the very early days which is great but we’re big enough now that that level of growth isn’t necessarily showing up in the P&L per se but it’s just about continued to grow our footprint. So anyway, but the punch line is that we’re happy with kind of where and how Asia is evolving.
Scott Wagner: Hey, everybody. Thanks a lot. Thanks for your questions and being with us and for those of you who are coming to our Investor Day in late March we’ll see you then.
Ray Winborne: Hey, Sterling. It’s Ray. Obviously, we gave you guys that guide last year. It was a longer-term look. So, we are seeing continued solid growth in there, a lot of that is coming from continued improvements in our domain purchase path, just how you come on the side and how do you acquire domain, how are we packaging it with other products. And then the other impact you saw this quarter, little lighter than that was just the diminishing impact of purchase accounting on the HEG component of domains.
Ray Winborne: Lloyd, it’s Ray. The only thing I tack on to that is that the integration roadmap we’re well along that path and feel good about the promised $20 million in synergies by the end of the year.
Ray Winborne: I think Lloyd, you can think about it on two fronts. Localization is our global product portfolio, which again it’s hallmark of what we do and we continue to localize products whether they’re naming or certainly our presence. So, for example, GoCentral, the localization capabilities of that continues to evolve. And then on the go-to-market side, I think in some of the -- on the IR slides, we flashed a couple of campaigns that are running around the world and what you see is an overall brand position of GoDaddy being a place for ideas to become real and to thrive online, but with local execution. And so, if people want to have fun, go check out both what we’re running in the U.K., what we’re doing in Australia to come maybe what’s coming in Germany, and you’re going to see kind of locally relevant campaign execution, but with the same overall message.
Ray Winborne: Thanks, Ron. I think, it’s interesting where a lot of our base of customers is 17 million, they have an idea that’s in some form of development and by that development meaning an idea that’s connected to some form of an active presence. And when we look at not only our base, but frankly the base of sites and ideas in the world, this net opportunity of taking a side and actually expanding it into a mobile social world is a big opportunity and it’s taking in some ways sites that have kind of largely stayed the same for the last 8 years to 10 years and really bring in new capability. And I think your specific question then which was exposure hits on that possibility and theme and the answer is we’re sort of trying to both figure out how to not only just create exposure, but also the right mechanism by which you can grab somebody who may have a version one side and actually connected into the mobile social world. We think it’s a big opportunity, we think we’re in some ways uniquely positioned to be able to do it, but we got some work to do actually turn that into a major system at the level that we could actually go talk to you guys about and put hard numbers behind it.
Ray Winborne: Hey Sameet its Ray. On the HEG that business is growing nicely. We've gotten some uptick in the top line growth there, but as you look at that guide or that sequential stuff up in the revenue some of that sum it's a mix right of Q1 seasonality you get a little bit a lift there and then the other piece of it is diminishing impact of purchase accounting as that revenue normalizes to reflect the run rate of net bookings. So, I would say if you want to look at it that way it's probably a third where we're getting some inflection on growth on the top line. The other two-thirds is seasonal and, and purchase accounting. And on Main Street Hub, Sameet, yeah, again I said that two million TAM, so total addressable market and boy you know you, you did the simple math and you know your eyes can get big, big on that. But here is, here is what that two million correlates to when you take Main Street Hub’s customers who have been with them through Main Street Hub’s customers who have been with them through not only a renewable cycle but also their highest NPS customers. We took that customer base and did a screen on industry vertical, website position and their social media development and kind of match those customers to our customers and said wow there's about 10 million – excuse me 2 million customers in our base that have similar characteristics. All right now what's our ability to actually deliver the service build it up to them it's – it realistically is smaller than that. I think the takeaway is to say that there's certainly a customer need when we think about this net of proposition of taking site content and connecting it to social media and providing some sort of productize to assist that we're excited about and that's the fundamental logic behind Main Street Hub. Obviously, there's work to do to grow from where they are to capture that that kind of opportunity.
Ray Winborne: Hey Naved, it’s Ray. I would tag more of that improvement to retention. You know Scott alluded to in the last couple of calls with the customer experience that is part of it, right. How our customers are experiencing the product that flows through the site, the interactions with the customer care center. All of those things are helping with improving retention, particularly with our longer life customers.
Ray Winborne: Yeah. I think as you look forward Naved, it’s the timing from a quarter-to-quarter spikes at times, but continue to look at 3% to 4% of our GAAP revenues your target for modeling purposes.
Ray Winborne: Hey Deepak, it’s Ray. I’ll take the first one on the new tax reform. From an interest expense deductibility, longer term it could affect our capital allocation, but certainly for the short and medium, just not a big impact on us, given our - both our structure and our tax position. Rate was really the biggest impact on us. And relative to your question on customer ads and in the role of Domains, Deepak, I mean I think the first point is the domains is still a strong onramp and we continue to bring in millions of customers, new customers every year into the franchise with Domains as a foundation. And as we add product capability hopefully these other onramps are also starting to contribute. In some ways, GoCentral and Domains are inextricably linked in a lot of ways and so that's certainly helping. And as you point out other product categories, certainly offer potential and that's part of the strategy over time is to add a couple of complementary product categories that might be able to bring in new customers into the franchise as well.
Ray Winborne: Hey Jason, its Ray. Yeah, the $40 million in annual run rate on the revenue, they were a negative cash flow business. That's a combination of scale and customer acquisition cost. That dilution is built into the guide on unlevered free cash flow that we gave.
Ray Winborne: Yeah, that absolutely would have been a higher guide. But I'm not going to get into the specifics because you know we haven’t closed the acquisition yet, it'll be back half of the year.
Ray Winborne: Yes, yeah Jason as, as I mentioned in the call comments there’s a pretty broad strength across the board. With domain specifically, there was a slight step up there, but you know that was the diminishing impact of purchase accounting that I mentioned to an earlier question.
Ray Winborne: Yeah, so no impact on us for our need neither our recognition or our reporting, the other two big potential impacts for us would have been domains. We differ currently and we'll defer under the new standard as well and then our relationship with Microsoft on O365 we are a principal to that customer relationship today and we will be under the new standard as well so fewer changes expected with the new standard.
Ray Winborne: Yeah, Brent, you’re – you heard it correct. And that’s the second quarter in a row we've seen a little slower growth there on a constant currency basis in the organic business. But again, when you look under the covers, it was a tougher comp against 2016. We've moved through that now. So, as you look out into 2018, you're going to see that growth kind of bounce back to what we were at prior to the last couple of quarters. So, underlying nothing to be concerned about there. If you look at the overall results, we're ahead of our expectations. So, some of the revenue coming in across the business, it will ebb and flow on geo’s and we expect that to bounce back in this year.
Ray Winborne: Hi, Brian. It’s Ray. I'm not sure where you're coming from, from bookings being written off. That was more associated with revenue. Your bookings are what stayed relatively steady. So again, if you're looking at the business from an organic standpoint, even with HEG that bookings number is more pure.
Ray Winborne: Yeah. So just take the one-time aside for a second, Brian, which we are accounting for in that guide we gave you. From a margin perspective, obviously, you'll see a degradation there, because it's going to come from capital up into operating expense, but you should see an offsetting reduction in our capital. And so, over a longer period of time, we’d expect this to be accretive to margins as we move there.
Ray Winborne: Hey Mark, on HEG, revenue synergy, I would characterize the revenue synergies in two different buckets. The first is product and merchandising where we're building a global product portfolio and then we're merchandising it together. And I would say that those are far along. This is a scale of 1:10, we're kind of a 7.5 right now and it's driving that confidence and saying we're add or going to exceed our revenue synergy or the targeted synergies that we put out. More broadly, EMEA in general, Europe's an attractive market, we've got a pretty big business there overall, but when you get into individual countries, there's still room to grow and the fundamental premise behind the HEG combination was to get us more heft and scale and a couple of other geographies and allow us to maybe up our presence in a few more markets. And really, we're -- I'd say we're on the 1:10 scale there, we're at a 2 maybe a 2.5, which is in a draw on the strengths where HEG is and we're going to work it in the same manner that we've worked global expansion and hopefully continue to evolve from there. And on your second question on Asia, could I just ask you to give me a quick repeat, I’m not sure I totally got the full context of it.
