Blake Irving: Thanks, Ray. We're super happy to hand you. The story I've shared with you all today is -- look, it happened. I just went into that accent. The story I've shared with you all today is one of strong execution over the past three years and continuous improvement on our strategy. We feel really good about the quarter, our continued progress and how our organization is now positioned to take us into the next phase of our growth. With that we'll turn it over to Scott for the financials.
Blake Irving: Hi, Mark. This is Blake. I'll kick it off and then hand over to Scott. But for most of the growth -- 50% of our growth in international markets comes from our top tier countries, U.S, India, UK, Australia, Mexico, Brazil. So, that's where most of our growth comes from. We don’t break it out by country. I think growth overall in our markets is strong and it's good. Some of those markets are new, very new for us, as you pointed out Asia. Asia is super new for us. We've only been there a few months. We're happy with the results that we're seeing there. And frankly we don’t think it's going to be super contributory in 2016. Asia is only about 4% of our total revenues, but we're happy with it and we feel good about it and think that Asia in 2017 and 2018 will be a contributor. I'll hand over to Scott for more detail.
Blake Irving: This is Blake. So in product on e-commerce, we have an online store product that does surface e-commerce capability on our own website. In other markets -- and you used India an example, where things like Flipkart and marketplaces are actually more important. There is some work going to integrate in those marketplaces today. We have not integrated with our market places in the U.S. whether it'd be eBay, Amazon, SC [ph], those types of things, but we have some integration that we've done on the back end for using things like PayPal et cetera. On India, it's an interesting market and it's actually quite similar to other markets at the same level of maturity. I use Mexico as an example as well. Each one of these markets has a DIY component and a DIFM component. They all have both, but DIFM, do-it-for-me marketplaces are much more impotent in India, Mexico, Brazil because folks tend to have I think less ability to do their own websites. So we have a web program that we've got a 100,000 developers in now and frankly quite a few of those developers are from India. And they are building websites for other folks in their marketplace. And frankly 50% of websites today are not built by the owner of the business, they're built by web pros, and we think that's a very large marketplace and an important marketplace for us.
Blake Irving: Hey Sameet. This is Blake. I'll handle in a quick second. Scott will probably tag team on the doubling question. On FreedomVoice, we know that -- our customers have told us they have -- they're sole entrepreneurs in companies of only five people. They have what I guess I would call complicated lives where they are trying to manage their personal life and manage their business at the same time and many of them are trying to do it on a single phone. So what we intend to offer with the FreedomVoice acquisition as a second phone line that exists on your mobile phone. So you can tell that a phone call is coming in from a customer versus for instance, you are a junior high school kids' teacher, and be able to separate those two roles you've got of parent and business owner. From an integration perspective we end up with a really interesting signal strength, both in Website Builder and manage WordPress. So when somebody enters a phone number on their website, we have the ability to actually make an offer for them and say hey, we have a phone line that's available for you as well if you'd like to manage your business as a professional phone number. And then offer it for them. And if you think about philosophically about naming your business and actually searching for a good name, whether a domain name or just a trade mark business name, it's another opportunity for us to get in front of them with a phone number that is more relevant to their business than otherwise would be, and gives them a choice, that same kind choice you have in a domain name, where we can allow you to go into a local area code or have an 800 number to provide call trees and allow you to basically look bigger than you are, or be in a very specific location by having the right area code. I'm going to hand it to Scott on the doubling question.
Blake Irving: There is -- you said -- that's right, that the seasonal profitability has a little bit of a slight downturn in the fourth quarter. Still think about that going forward and our guidance gives you the best range of where we think EBITDA is going to land. And again that's nice 20% plus growth year-over-year
Blake Irving: This is Blake. On Flare, Flare is an interesting product. Flare's notion is to actually go upstream from the domain name. It's not something that we generate revenue with. We actually allow a user to put an idea out into a marketplace of folks that can comment on that idea and actually improve the idea, gets over 10 likes or what we call 10 loves, then they actually can go back forth with folks and build the idea up into something significant. Now what we get from that is a large corpus of data that we store in our backend that gives us signal strength on what that idea is and how well that might perform. And with that data, we also have an opportunity to know exactly what we can market to that person in the next instance when they are ready to take that step, whether it's domain, whether it's website, whether it's a professional email address that lets them take that next step. But we view that knot as – I wouldn't call it a money generator. It's more of a method for acquiring customers and getting them to take the first step -- that first spread step of saying, I'm going actually take a leap of faith and go and try this thing out and get enough feedback to take the first step.
Blake Irving: Hey Deepak, this is Blake. We're actually -- yes, 50% of the sites that are built by individuals using DIY tools and 50% that are built by Pros. So those pros are even using what you would consider to be a DIY tool to build for folks. Managed WordPress and WordPress products have actually gotten simpler to use and frankly we've seen really good growth in our managed WordPress. In fact, it's some of the fastest growing -- one of the fastest growing products we've got. Managed WordPress is doing incredibly well. And frankly, I think the market is so darn big that companies can grow in the DIY space. Our DIY business can continue to grow. Our web-hosting business can continue to grow and we just get better it both of them. The opportunity is not just in the DIY space. It's an opportunity for websites that have been out there for a while, to get them refurbished, to get them a newer updated, more responsive code basis, so they look great on a mobile device, they look great on a tablet, they look good on a PC. So that demand continues. And frankly we do something at GoDaddy that's interesting where folks say I'm going to go build this thing myself. We actually will help them when they don’t want to build it anymore. And so we have a professional web services group will take that almost as a continuer if you will, where I start as a DIY customer, I might get to a point where I'm doing opt to Do-it-with-me or DIWM customer, and then say look, I'm going to hand this off to you and allow you to do it for me. So that continuum really reflects the need states of customers where they say I'm going to try it on myself, and then I'm going to basically hand it off to somebody else. And we're the only Company that is really doing that today, and more over, and I think most importantly, we don’t have an opinion that is like it's DIY, and there's a proprietary way of doing DIY. We actually believe there's DIY and people are going to do it themselves, and we also believe that the hosting business and professional business is very important. And there are different tools that people use to do both. And we are the only company at scale that offers both of those things. So we offer a great website building experience at scale, and we offer a great web professional experience at scale, and things like managed WordPress [Indiscernible] Durpal, Ruby, and cloud servers that offer you pretty much any type of tool you want to use to build the site for somebody. So we're not taking sides or placing bets on either side. We’re offering both, the DIY and DIFM to small companies and the developers. 
Blake Irving: Deepak, we're still, for new customers coming into the franchise a large, large, large portion of them, all certainly still start and have a domain, but they are also attaching that domain to some form of presence and 0365. But domains is still a big tinker to the on ramp, but again it's being anchored with one or two or in some cases all three of our other products. Now looking ahead two, three years down the road we're encouraged and we're excited by the possibility and the potential for a category like what we've done for FreedomVoice, and through voice to serve as a distinctive on ramp for additional customers and to continue to go add certain segments of the market, whether they would be pros, who are big influences of downstream customers to provide experiences for those segments. So we think that there is a couple of different ways both products and channel go to market for certain segments of the customer base that are going to add different on-ramps for customers into the franchise.
Blake Irving: Yes, hey Jason, it's Blake. The cloud product, we announced in March. So we've got basically four to five months of time in market. We're happy with the results that we've seen in cloud. It is resonating with developers and the folks that are building websites for other people which was our assumption. Frankly we feel like it's -- I wouldn’t call it a significant contributor, but we're happy with where it's growing and how it's pleasing the customers that are using it. And it's a great mix for the Web Pro product line with that adding a ton of languages on top of cloud infrastructure that we weren’t able to offer before. So we're happy with.
Blake Irving: Brian, the exact same stuff last quarter that we talked about, so free trial of the Office 365 in website builder, some of the shorter duration which is just mix related and the reduction of discounts has continued. So all of the language and discussion that we had around bookings last quarter, we have not only continued into this quarter merchandising wise but ramped they up in the case of free trial and the bookings number accelerated on a year-over-year basis.
Blake Irving: So we certainly think that there's opportunities to add to the franchise, both products that are valuable on the lifecycle of our customers that probably are great standalone businesses, but maybe really good products that we could attach to our customers and technical platform and care model and add value to our customers and obviously make that economic and geographies as well. So obviously that translates into -- we think that there is good ways to use the balance sheet to grow the franchise strategically, but we'll keep in -- FreedomVoice as a perfect example for that, right, which was tiny in terms of dollars outlay, but is a good example of what we're talking about doing. And we like having the flexibility to do it and we're a shareholder and economically minded people and we're going to do that intelligently and it's going to have to be we think accretive relative to what we're doing organically. Now if we love the flexibility of having the cash both for growth and for what it can do in terms of our share count and in terms of just the economic returns of the balance sheet overtime and so it's just nice to have the flexibility to be able to do that.
Blake Irving: I think at this point, like you said, we have cash and relative to our leverage position where we have a lot of flexibility, I think that's the way to look at it. As we've shared before, the business, if you're looking at it truly from the just operational cash generation of the business, two to four times as a really nice leverage ratio given the cash characteristics and the stability of the business. Obviously we're below that. But we're not going to attach to that ratio but I think that should give everybody an indication of where certainly comfort wise and where we are relative to those -- to that ratio.
Blake Irving: Brent, this is Blake. So the bundling strategy has been working well for us. We have deployed as you described, domain, website, email. Not just bundling but in application selling, which is something that Microsoft really didn’t have the capability of doing back in the days of Office, because it was packaged product, where we believe that not only can you bundle products effectively and create a powerful merchandizing moment for a customer, but there are other opportunities for us to sell not just the bundle but actually sell them the thing that makes the most sense for them at a point in their product life cycle -- in the customer life cycle. And if you use the voice capability and FreedomVoice as an example, there is an opportunity for us to offer a voice capability when somebody pushes a number, which is a phone number into a website is an example. Or to offer email marketing, while it wasn’t in the initial bundle, to offer email marketing when they've got a sufficient number of folks that have entered their email address into a website. That incremental capability which we'll offer on a free trial basis so they can try it out and see how it works and then use it and then get a response allows them to take that next step and grow their business further.  If you think about the hosting business, it's exactly the same for protecting somebody's website, whether it's offering site walk to them or offering a backup capability. Doing that in the product when you're in the control panel and you're actually using it. So it's doesn't necessarily have to be at the point of merchandising which we've been quite successful at, but even taking the next step and using the cloud capability and cloud functionality that all of our products exist on to offer the next best thing based on the data we have on that customer. And at a macro level the vision for us is to have enough big data on customers and enough big data on customer lifecycle and product lifecycle to know what exactly when to offer the right product at the right time to a customer's perfect situation. And you're seeing us starting to roll that capability out and I think it's pretty differentiated from what we've done before and differentiated from what other folks are doing in our business today, just a very different approach.
Blake Irving: Just to pile on James, one of the things, what I'll call scale advantage as well, we're the only Company that services a small business that has built a platform that is scalable at a global level that allows us to add products in market all at once. And if I use the cloud server launch as an example, four months ago when we launched cloud server, we launched it in every one of the markets what we are in simultaneously. And that type of advantage of the platform we've built differentiates us substantially from other folks that offer the same type of service we do.
Blake Irving: Hey everybody here. This is Blake. Again thanks to Scott for all he's been doing. Welcome Ray to GoDaddy. Super glad to have you. Congratulations Scott and we hope to speak to all of you one quarter for now. Thanks everyone. 
Scott Wagner: Thanks. So Mark, just to the international question, three points. One is, growth is being driven by the same markets we've talked you about. Its share gain and just continued good performance across all those geographies. And the second is Asia, still small and too small to really affect the P&L, but we're really happy with how it's looking at out of the gate. On gross margins, margins have flattened, I think in line with what we've told everybody, certainly last quarter and even the first quarter which is they've tapered particularly as we've lapped a couple of the big 365 incentives, but we're managing the business and gross margin dollars, not percentages and kind of are happy with the mix there, and I think for the forward couple of quarters, people should expect the gross margins to be in line with what they are right now. And again, the focus for us going forward is around adding products and continuing to add gross margin dollars per customer, not necessarily percentage.
Scott Wagner: I think in some way that was an acknowledgement that over the last four years we've doubled. And if we look at the business going forward, you think about our customers, which are now 14 million plus. We're on a pathway where we could see trajectory to $20 million over that next four or five–year period. And then ARPU, looking historically we went from the 90s-ish ARPU number to now 125 and believe with the product portfolio and the merchandizing approach we have that we're on a runway to 150 to 175. So -- and a really step back and high level math runway to 20 million customers, ARPU of 150 to 175, that's where you get the doubling. But don’t hang up on the precision of the four years.
Scott Wagner: Thanks Ron, it's Scott. Domain renewals are -- rates are nice and strong. We don't show those specifically publicly but we're on a nice trajectory there. And really that's an offshoot of focusing on domain names that are attached to customers and even more so ideas, and brining those ideas to life. And when we get a customer a great name for their idea and help them bring it to online, as we've all seen, know and when that happens, customers stay for a long, long time. And so our domain approach has been particularly focusing the business on attaching a domain name, do an idea and then make it happen and when we do it, it shows up and great domain renewal rates and that's what we're seeing. In terms of the pricing approach and impact on renewals and churn, again mechanizing goal is to get our customers into the right set of products by name, presence, productivity that are involved around branding and naming your idea online, and getting those activated, and when those get activated, we see really strong impact on our renewal rate on a product basis.
Scott Wagner: So first point on gross margin. The gross margin to the anniversary of a series of incentives with our partner in productivity, that enables us to provide special bundles around a productivity suite presence and a domain name for the first year. And we're lapping those first year frankly incentives that are getting to a normalized rate in terms of licensing payments for our partner, and that's normalizing gross margin at the percentage that we're at. And sorry if that hasn't been clear. We've tried to be explicit about that for the last several quarters, but that’s the reason for the tapering. I think it's important to point that our EBITDA margins continue to grow nicely, all the way down through cash flow as well, because it's leveraging the model. So we've tapered the gross margin percentages now, but are seeing nice scale through our OpEx lines, particularly Tech & Dev and G&A and even over the last quarter Care as we continue to build out the business. So these things are working together and we're intentionally working them together to continue to show nice growth on top and bottom line. So hopefully that both provides context on the gross margin and on EBITDA. Specifically, on FreedomVoice, it's not closed yet. We expect it to close later this year. There's a whole host of FCC licensing requirements when you get into the voice business that makes the close longer than expected. And so that's still TBD in terms of the close. In terms of guidance, we have tiny bit, you could call it expected in the fourth quarter. We do expect FreedomVoice to close before the end of this year and sort of therefore implicitly you could say that we have it included in guidance a little bit in the fourth quarter.
Scott Wagner: So that's way high. I think we had said before that it's per quarter a couple million dollars per quarter in terms of what we're going to be inheriting on a size basis. So that's the quantum of the business what we we're getting today.
Scott Wagner: Aaron, its Scott. So in terms of number of domains, we have approximately 63 million domains in the portfolio, give or take right, which is again at the -- the important number there is that that's 20% of the world's domains in the portfolio. And important note is we're focused on adding domains that have customers attached. So our focus around the domain business is the names that lead to other things versus just the names themselves. So that's I think domain point number one. In terms of the amortization question, it's going to be in the 10-Q which you're going to see tomorrow, tomorrow AM. So maybe we can't pick that up either after the call or you can just find it in the Q tomorrow. And on a fully diluted basis, shares are -- if you use approximately 176, that's the number.
Scott Wagner: Thanks Brent. Really this is about the go to market, international marketing, using our care organization around the world to both deliver great experience and to help enable the business. And so if you think about those three areas, we're really putting our foot down on the gas across all three. And if you add any corporate development and the flexibility we have in the balance sheet that Brian so nicely articulated and pointed out, those are sort of the four different avenues that you can think about just growth. It will be where I'm spending my time. And it's great to have Ray here, because the size of the Company now as a global public company with a financial scale around it, it just makes perfect sense to have frankly a full-time strong fantastic executive on the finance function day-to-day, and it's going let me spend my time thinking about those different areas of growth.
Scott Wagner: So on booking, let's think about the pacing that we're on as being a good one. And I think that that's probably the best thing or the appropriate thing to say publicly. And given the size and scale that we're at, that's a big quantum of incremental growth. So we think that that’s hit a pretty nice pacing for where we are right now. It is in line with those long-term targets that we shared with everybody, what's now well over a year and half ago in terms of low double, low to mid-teens, top line growth and we're squarely in that zone. In terms of EBITDA, as you pointed out, we've been 20% plus for a while. Just thinking about the growth of scale and the balance of reinvestment which is what we've been doing and quite focused on, the 20% number is a good one. The nice thing about this business and where we are is we're able to invest in geographies and products and capabilities like the in-application purchasing that's Blake describing, that are great for the long-term health of the business, but we're still able to drive a hell a lot of EBITDA and hell a lot of flow through the P&L in the short-term. And I think that's what everybody -- that we've been doing it, and I think that's the best way to think about it going forward. And those are financial metrics and performance, but hopefully people appreciate that that's a competitive advantage of the size and scale, and to be able to invest in either marketing dollars or engineers or markets at the size that we have and still produce these results is advantageous relative to other people in the market, who are doing what we're doing.
