Mark McCaffrey: Thanks, Trevor and happy to elaborate a bit. Let’s start with – we’re facing tough comps when it comes to some of our higher product growth, right? Websites + Marketing and things such as that I would also say, FX is not working in our favor in the second half where we assumed we will not have the same tailwinds. And we continue to see low growth in our hosting and security. So that coupled together kind of has put us today mid single digit growth for the year. I would also add we’re being pretty prudent when it comes to looking at customer behaviour, especially as we get into the second half of the year. We just want to acknowledge there’s a lot going on with our consumers. And we think this is the place to be right now. As far as the lapping in Q3 and Q4, we see part of it in Q3 and the bulk of it in Q4.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. Thanks. And I’ll start with saying, a lot of the hosting and security is driven by traffic. And as in that particular area, we’re monitoring the traffic very closely. We think it will continue with low digit growth throughout the year. We’ll take a look at what the long-term prospects are. And I’ll just start with or say, I’m looking forward to checking in with everybody six months from now and looking at the 2022 guidance as we put it forth.
Mark McCaffrey: Aman, I’ll jump onto that a bit. We continue to be really, really excited about the long-term prospects. But we’ve been prudent in the guidance, we’re taking a look at the market. We’re taking a look at the behavior and we’ll continue to monitor for the short-term.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes, thanks, Nick. I'll take that one. Really quick, obviously, we don't comment on ongoing M&A, but we will continue to look at opportunities that bring value to our customers. The one great thing about our balance sheet is, it gives us optionality to look at all sorts of deals. But we're not going to comment on anything currently. When it comes to partnerships, our ecosystem is extremely important. We will continue to look at that ecosystem and again, where it makes sense to partner with people in the market and everything is about the focus on the customer and bringing them value and ultimately strengthening that ecosystem.
Mark McCaffrey: Thanks, Aman. And we have built this into the forecast. We had it in all along these things aren't unusual and as Aman mentioned, we've traditionally passed them on. So they are in the forecast for the second half.
Mark McCaffrey: Thanks. And I'll take that one. We always look at capital allocation and as we've said in the script, our priority is around accelerating growth whether organically or through M&A having said that we will continue to look at share buyback and be opportunistic and provide value back to our shareholders where appropriate.
Mark McCaffrey: I had a tough time hearing the question there. So I'm going to answer what I think was the second part, and then we might have do a repeat on the first part. I think you were asking for kind of directional guidance on the impact of e-commerce. I will tell you, well we're really, really excited about the launch of payments in the first half. And the launch of omni-commerce in the second half where we're not getting into the financial numbers, we're still looking at the impact on our customers. And if you could go back to the first question.
Mark McCaffrey: Into that matter, if I didn't get the second question, right. Let me know. It was kind of in and out.
Aman Bhutani: Thanks, Clarke. As you know, we’ve just launched GoDaddy Payments and we’re seeing a good reaction from customers. They’re excited, they’re clicking on it, they’re choosing the product. So it’s a great, great start. Overall, our timing on commerce was about getting to the OmniCommerce solution later this year, next year is about marketing and experimentation with pricing. So you’ll see us experiment with a lot of our models out there. And as we go through that, we’re going to pick what’s best for our customers and shareholders together. So no specific comment on various pricing strategies, but we’ve got to start and we’re going to try a lot of stuff out.
Aman Bhutani: Thanks, Ygal. Continue to be super excited about the innovation in the domains business. As I’ve talked about last time as well, we’re continuing to do more every quarter. And the goal here is to build the innovation factory, where we’re the leader in this space and we’re going to just continue to innovate. But we can only guide, what we see, we can’t guide to sort of future innovation. But it’s happening every quarter. Just this quarter, I talked about it in the prepared comments, we launched Buy-It-Now landers, and they’ve been adopted really, really well by our domain investor customers. So you’ll continue to see us do it. It’s just – when it comes to guidance, we’ll talk about what we see and what we know. And in terms of presence, we continue to see fantastic growth in – in our growth products like Websites + Marketing and managed WordPress. They’re still outgrowing our overall business, even though they have some really tough comps year-over-year, so super excited about the work happening there as well.
Aman Bhutani: At a macro level, obviously we’re all excited to have vaccine and be able to have a sense of normal, but these are unprecedented times. We don’t really know how customer behavior is shifting. And my view always goes to whatever changes we see are short-term, long-term the opportunity in terms of online and offline coming together as massive. Our customers need to get out there, they need to sell everywhere. We’re building a set of products, portfolio services that meet that need. We have a massive brand. So I’m just super bullish our opportunity long-term there.
Aman Bhutani: Thank you, Ron. And on commerce, as we’ve discussed, the strategy is about meeting a broad set of needs for our customers. And 2021 is the build here, we’re moving very, very quickly. We’ve got payments out there. I talked about PayLinks, Virtual Terminal. We’re going to have OmniCommerce by the end of the year. We’re talking about invoicing for GoDaddy Pro. So a lot happening in the commerce space where we’re looking at the customer need and we’re bringing it out very quickly. 2022 is the year of experimentation. It’s really too early right now to talk about what different things may happen there. We’re going to go-to-market, there’s a set of marketing experiments, set of experiments around pricing that we’re going to be working on. And generally the initial reaction is from customers where they see our products and they want to work with GoDaddy on it. And in terms of Google or some of the Facebook announcements as well, what we’re most excited about is creating a seamless and intuitive experience for our customers. For our customers to be able to go into one dashboard and manage systems, not just for their online store and with OmniCommerce there in store, but to be able to manage their spend on major platforms, all from the same place, all on look and feel seamless, intuitive, easy. That’s what we’re looking for. That’s what we’re most excited about.
Aman Bhutani: Yes, the tradition in the industry has been for registrars to pass on that pricing. What's important about that with GoDaddy is that we have a segmented customer base and we take a nuanced approach to that pricing based on the type of customer. So we will be doing that the same strategy that we have done in the past. And I'll turn it to Mark to talk about the revenue.
Aman Bhutani: Hi. Yes, I can take that. On the pricing for other players, obviously I can't comment to what other companies are going to do, but obviously the historically you can look at what companies have done probably got a pretty good idea. On the registry business, continue to be really excited about what we can do there for the industry as a whole. As I talked about last quarter, our first goal there is to get to create a scale and you saw us do a few acquisitions. We announced 240 TLDs. Our goal is to have a certain scale where we can experiment with innovative ideas. We do have a few ideas and I've talked about one or two in the past, but where as we get closer to them and customers likely see them, I'd love for them to get out there and then we can talk about them more.
Aman Bhutani: Thanks, Naved for repeating the question. On subscriber accounts, we don't disclose that on a quarterly basis. So we'll share that with you at the end of the year and in terms of our commerce solutions, that part of Websites + Marketing customers continue to lean into that. We've continued to lean in and add more and more functionality. So that continues to do well for us.
Aman Bhutani: Yes, sorry, there's little delay. In terms of the business apps growth that continues to be a function of customers’ on boarding on our email products, both the Microsoft solution that we have and OX and us growing with our customers. But those customers do well are successful, is to see growth with them. We continue to be underpenetrated here. There's a ton of opportunity as we reach more and more customers as we make the experience. And what are there have been some on boarding improvements for customers that we've been able to do. We've come been able to continue to drive growth with existing customers and new customers there.
Aman Bhutani: Thank you all for joining. A quick thank you to all the GoDaddy employees for accelerating the innovation at the company and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Christie Masoner: Our next question comes from the line of Ygal Arounian from Wedbush. Ygal, please go ahead. Ygal, please unmute your line.
Christie Masoner: Nick, please unmute your line. Our next question comes from Drew Glaeser from JPMorgan. Drew, please go ahead.
Christie Masoner: Yes. Naved, we lost your audio in your first question, if you could repeat the first part of the question
Christie Masoner: Our next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Elliott from Morgan Stanley. Elizabeth, please go ahead. Elizabeth, please unmute your line. Our next question comes from line of Brent Thill from Jefferies. Brent Thill, please go ahead.
Christie Masoner: Brent, we're getting your – we're getting a breakup on your line. If you could try again. That concludes our call for the day. Thank you everyone for joining us and I'll turn it over to Aman for some closing remarks.
