Blake Irving: As you said, we grew 4.5 million international customers no. With tier 2, it certainly is contributing. We spend the bulk of our marketing dollars at the top of funnel which is radio and TV in tier 1 markets and really spend, I would say on search, primarily SEM, in tier 2 markets. And we're seeing contribution there. Asia today and you mentioned Asia specifically, is really only 4% of our overall business today, so it's a pretty small part of our business. Yet we know that we're feeling good about the launch. We've seen increased activity there and think longer term, it provides a great opportunity for us. I think we're going to be focused on making the markets that we have out and deployed and are more effective with, again, SEM purchase and activity in tier 2. And doing top of funnel, both radio, TV, did search and display retargeting in tier 1 and going pretty deep there.
Blake Irving: I think we're seeing really nice attachment and usage in productivity, right? And that's Office 365 across the various plans. And we're encouraged by those results. And obviously, if you're looking at the aggregate revenue of that segment, we're continuing to put up big numbers. So you can say that some of the merchandising tactics continue to pay off there.
Blake Irving: Two distinctly different questions. So I'll hit the first one and then I'll hand it over to Scott on the what are you doing with the cash side. We're super early, as you know, with this cloud-based product. It is a new product for us. We have had it out roughly a month. We saw a very good, successful pickup with it initially. But frankly, it's just too early to say what the overall impact is going to be. The customer for our cloud offering is quite different than -- but whether Amazon, Microsoft or Google. Amazon, Microsoft and Google are all going after very large enterprise workloads. And frankly, we service a smaller developer who is building out capability for small businesses and we tend to see usage that isn't as expansive as an enterprise, but more targeted to the customer that we've been serving. Microsoft's partnered with us, actually, on their Azure platform, to offer both our domains and our SSL to target these larger enterprises which -- it's not our wheelhouse and it's not who we serve today. We service that developer who builds products for either a small business, a midsize business and that's what we built that cloud offering for. It's a super easy to use set of applications that you can instantly build on top of a cloud and build resources out as you go. And let me hand it over to Scott on the cash use question.
Blake Irving: So just building on top of that, but the churn level of the business has been extremely low. Our retention of customers is at 85% plus. So we continue to maintain that impressive retention level. And then just a quick comment on both the cats and hats trade of execution and the cheese head execution, as well. Look, we have been bucket testing. We certainly continue to bucket test those offers and have been pulsing that across all media types, whether it's digital -- you've certainly probably heard it on the radio and seen it on the top of funnel on TV, as well. We continue to pulse and spend frankly more on social mid-funnel stuff like re-targeted, I will call it re-targeted display and email marketing and we're hitting every one of those channels with the same messages in the U.S. Outside of the U.S., we've introduced and you probably haven't seen this -- but if you go through some of the other languages or other country websites, you will see a thematic about customers of ours that talk about what they do, what we provide for them and what they do with the tools and the products we give them. And you can actually go to the website and pop into different countries and see the thematics playing out across the global. Very uniform in our messaging, very uniform in our approach. And we get some good operating leverage out of providing that same creative across the world, but the U.S. is a rather unique market for us. We've been here quite a long time and have used humor for a heck of a long time and continue to do that. And it resonates with our audience here in the United States.
Blake Irving: James, this is Blake, answering the second part of your question. So we had a CTO change, as you pointed out. I'll tell you, I feel very, very good about the bench strength of the leadership team across the company. We had a very capable technical staff here and actually had hired, two years ago, Arne Josefsberg, who was the Chief Technical Officer at Service Now, to be our CIO. So we have an incredibly strong and very experienced leader who took the reins of CTO and CIO and he has built a huge platform, at scale, actually built along the Azure platform at Microsoft, as well, has built and assembled a great team. So across both the technical side of the business, we've got a very strong team. The double leads that are on that team and honestly across the company on every product group, are rocking and rolling and I would put them up against any team in the industry, frankly, today. And I'll just say this. When you have really great people and this happens to every company -- you are going to be pursued by companies like Google and others of that category and class. And so I think it's a good testament to the quality of the people we have on the team that frankly, after 3 years and getting a whole lot of work done, our CTO took a role, it's a pretty important role -- after building out a really nice platform that we're using across the company and it's helping us scale. And we still have a ton of folks that are great at it and are still hiring a ton of folks that are great at it. So we're pretty stoked about the quality of our senior leadership team and down through the ranks.
Blake Irving: It's early days. So over time, we think there's going to be meaning behind the product. I would say the catalyst behind the product and the reason for building it, is that it is clear that there are a variety of applications that our developer community likes to use and they'd like to be able to spin up an instance of that very, very quickly. So we provided a situation and application suite that allows them to spin up, whether it's a Joomla, Drupal, Ruby, WordPress instance, very, very quickly and simply, on top of OpenStack that allows them to also expand the number of instances they've got as their customers grow. And frankly, it's something that competitively we did not have. We weren't in market with it before. And so getting that launched and getting it into the marketplace and launching it globally and just to be really clear, when we launched this product, we launched it in 53 markets, in 26 languages and 44 currencies, all on the same day and nobody's done that before. And our developers, in fact I would say more than half of our developers on our pro platform, they are coming in from outside of the country. So there's actually meaning for us to provide this capability in multiple languages, making it accessible to developers all over the world. And we think that that hypothesis will prove out to be a builder of revenue and attach for developers across the globe.
Blake Irving: And also, Scott and I are [indiscernible] a little bit. But I think the other thing to note is, we built this on top of an OpenStack platform. So the leverage and the operating leverage we're getting out of that OpenStack platform, is allowing us to build product suites on top of it, on top of common infrastructure, globally. So that is a very important thing to note across everything that we're doing. So this is a segment built on top of a platform that we're going to be taking everywhere.
Blake Irving: Look, I wouldn't say that there's any change in strategy. We're going to be very consistent with the way we roll Asia out. Consistent with the way we rolled out Europe, consistent with the way that we rolled out Latin America. Which was, as I described, get the language in, get some products that are specific to those markets and then once you've done that, then start tuning the site and then start doing marketing spend. The market reacted quite positively to the launch and our PR and we saw an immediate uplift, but I'll tell you, look, it's still super early. We're early days there and I did learn something anecdotally that was quite surprising to me from -- I was personally out there launching those markets. And it turns out that GoDaddy is a brand that is quite well known both in Asia and India and anywhere that developers have been educated in the United States and receive their computer science degree, whether undergrad or Masters or PhD. So we found multiple folks that told us, we know who you are, we're quite familiar with your brand, we just didn't know you were here. So when we show up in market, one of the reasons we've seen our brand-aided awareness in India move from the teens to almost 80 in the last 3 1/2 years is because we were known when we entered. And we just let people know we were there in their language and in their market, in their currency and we were easier to do business with. And we expect to see similar results in Asia that we've seen in our other markets.
Blake Irving: Yes, Brent, we're just layering on a big, big base. And so you are seeing hosting and presence and business applications just continue to grow very nicely and those will continue to be the drivers of ARPU growth. But again, if we're looking forward a quarter or two, we're just doing this on top of such a monstrous base that you're not going to see dramatic changes in that number. And I would point out, again that the FX impact that is hitting us now and will continue to flow through the next couple of quarters, that shows up at ARPU, right? All ARPU. So these ARPU gains are absorbing that FX hit that's going to continue for the next couple quarters.
Blake Irving: Hey everybody, thanks for staying with us for our Q1 earnings and we look forward to talking with you in one more quarter. Thanks, everyone.
Scott Wagner: So let me start by, again, just describing how we think about the business today and then our opportunities for growth. Which is, we're serving a customer segment and audience that our customers stay with us for a long time. 7 years plus, on average, with those who are engaged even staying longer. And a service and business model that grows with our customers over time. I think we've proven over the last 2 to 2 1/2 years that we can expand our product portfolio and our geographic footprint productively. Particularly organically, plus with a couple of very small product-related acquisitions that we've done to really just plug in something like email marketing into our portfolio, at attractive unit economics overall. So it's a really nice position to be and obviously we're looking at different product categories that fit the bill for our customers, where we think we can add distinctive value with a combination of integrating it with the products we have and delivering the service in the manner in which we deliver it and we think there's really nice opportunities for us to continue to expand the product portfolio. And as we've built that out obviously, then you can turn towards geographies, as well and think about how and where we overlay our now increasingly robust product portfolio and go to market into geographies. So that's how we think about it. And there are certainly opportunities for us to do it, but we're going to be pretty thoughtful and economic about if and how and stay tuned. And this will probably be -- I'm sure as we nicely continue to generate cash, this will be questions that everyone will continue to ask. We're going to think about using this, how to grow the franchise for the long term productively and distinctively.
Scott Wagner: So the first one around, how do we think about renewal, are we testing the impact of it? And the answer is, yes. We're looking at the behavior of every single customer cohort around not only when they start with us in month 1, but then month 13 and beyond and as we experiment with these tactics, we're watching it, right? And we're watching it and things that are working and where we're seeing good indications across the cohort, we're going to do more of it. So generally, again, thematically, when customers activate and use our stuff, they are staying with us and they're buying more. And so at a theme level, if that is a true statement and it has been for long time and our various tactics are just ways to introduce products in a good way to our customers.
Scott Wagner: Yes, Mark. It's more touches. So historically, our marketing spend, obviously weighted heavy up towards the first quarter of the year. And we really didn't have a lot of, call it reach frequency touches around our customer base. And now, as we're spreading things consistently throughout the year, it is allowing us to frankly reach, touch our customers in a more consistent way through different venues. And if you think about, again, GoDaddy, what makes us special, the mix of the products that we have and the great way we deliver it, again, it's about exposing customers to that value proposition. And frankly, we're looking for more not only medium but times that we can do it. And we think it's just the next way that the marketing matches the size of the franchise and frankly the opportunities for us and our customers. And then on your first question, the other tactic is free trial of high-value products like Office 365 and website builder. So you'll notice that particularly at Office 365 will offer first month free trial, again for that service and increasingly our website builder. And we're finding really good activation with that starting point. And again, on the back end of that month's free trial, the conversion in dollars, but to be clear, that's a free trial. We're bringing people into these products, allowing them to use and try to them because again, we know when people try them, they stay and then they tend to spend more over time.
Scott Wagner: So on business applications, we've shared that we're over 2 million paid customers into the franchise, out of our 14 million base. And so that's, again, our installed base. So business apps were 2 million of 14 million. If we're looking at our new cohorts, our percentage of users of business applications is quite a bit higher than that. We're not going to share the exact numbers, let's just call it quite a bit higher, qualitatively. On presence, across the hosting and presence segment, the number is 5 million, so 5 million of the 14 million. And again, if you're thinking about the percentage of new cohorts that are using those products, again, it is higher than that percentage, as well. Not as dramatically as Biz Apps, but it's higher.
Scott Wagner: No, thanks, our guidance incorporates the impact of FX on bookings. So thanks for the question, Deepak.
Scott Wagner: The average term length of a product is a shade over a year, a shade meaning, call it, 16 months-ish. And so we're not doing wholesale dramatic changes. But what we're doing is taking a relatively small amount of customer behavior which had big, multi-year term discounts and trimming those back a little bit. And so what you have is that length moving in by, you might call it an average week and it's not a dramatic change in practices; it's just good operational tightening. And then the other thing I would say to that same point is, the higher value services that we have, like Office 365 and some of the more advanced hosting services, we pretty much sell them on a year. And so as those products grow as a percentage of our mix and growth, just by basic mix math, your term length is moving in a little. Not for anything that we're even consciously doing, it's just the growth in these higher value services. But again, it's important to note that the product renewal rates are as good, if not even better, than they've ever been. So this is just good business for us.
Scott Wagner: So on the non-domain products in attach, I think similar to the color from Deepak's question, we're seeing a nice attachment on our anchor products. Anchor products meaning website builder, shared hosting and particularly O-365 and look, O-365 is the big star around that which is -- and showing up in the revenue growth rate. So our attachment and success with that attachment continues to show up in, frankly, what's a very high revenue growth rate on what's become a pretty sizable business. And I think that it leads into your next question of boy, are there some things on product and merchandising that might alter the mix? We're hoping that we see continued growth, right? We have got continued growth in the Biz Apps category, its productivity plus email marketing. And there are a couple other, I think, areas and categories that we think we can move into and develop franchises that are going to continue to add more legs to the product stool. So we're excited about that and excited about what it means for the long term. And this is on a pretty big base of revenue already, right, where our non-domain business is already 2 times the rate of domain growth. And we're going to continue to build out everything in that stable.
Scott Wagner: Sure. So the margin profile of the non-domain products continues to be really attractive. And as we're lapping really big growth and particularly productivity and we're again bundling that service in, we're frankly intentionally -- it's not necessarily holding our gross margin percentages. But the impact of both some of the lapping of our growth of O-365, plus some of our merchandising tactics, is flattening out that gross margin percentage line. Now as you point out, we're getting really nice leverage through our operating expenses and that balance is intentional.
Scott Wagner: Yes, if I could, for one second. I think the value for this product is really a line towards these web pros that are pros particularly overseas. And again, this isn't the hard-core developers who are muscling up on AWS, it's allowing this infrastructure for this audience. And look, it's early days. It's early days and we will see what the ramp is. But we think the marginal economics and the market opportunity is one that we can plan and it's early and we'll see how goes.
Scott Wagner: Yes Brent, if you back up the quarters, Q1 is always the highest margin. And that's just about the pacing of how, really, the top line is flowing in. And so Q1 is always our highest margin quarter. And so if you're looking at just the operating leverage, though, you are seeing really nice year-over-year leverage from our tech and dev, particularly infrastructure at G&A and even some on care which is nice. And so that operating leverage, we think, across those expense lines are going to continue to flow through the rest of the year which is going to drive continued really nice growth in adjusted EBITDA.
