Raymond Winborne: Hey, thanks, Aman. I'll touch on our fourth quarter financial results and our outlook for 2020. As Aman highlighted, 2019 was another solid performance as our teams delivered terrific outcomes across the business. From a financial perspective, full year results landed right on top of our initial guidance, with revenue up 12% year-over-year and unlevered free cash flow, up 19%, delivering over 1 point of margin expansion.  We also returned significant capital to shareholders and strengthened our balance sheet, leaving us well positioned to drive growth in 2020. Turning to the fourth quarter results. Bookings grew to $834 million, rising 14% year-over-year on a reported and constant currency basis as currency headwinds subsided. Growth was broad-based with strength across product categories and included a reacceleration of growth in international bookings.  Revenue came in at $780 million, growing 12% year-over-year or about 13% on a constant currency basis. We're seeing good growth across each of the revenue categories, with particular strength in Websites + Marketing subscriptions and continued momentum in aftermarket sales. The key metrics underlying growth have remained consistently strong. ARPU rose to $158, up 7% year-over-year, while we added 757,000 customers in 2019, in line with what we've shared previously. Unlevered free cash flow for the quarter was $178 million, growing 40% year-over-year, reflecting good operating leverage in the P&L and an easy compare, created by the timing of CapEx spend in Q3 and Q4 last year.  On the balance sheet, we finished the year with $1.1 billion in cash and short-term investments, and net debt landed at $1.3 billion, putting net leverage near the low end of our targeted range of 2 to 4x on a trailing 12-month basis. Moving on to our outlook for 2020. We expect to deliver revenue of approximately $3.3 billion, representing growth of 11% versus 2019. We're starting the year on pace and expect to deliver revenue of $795 million for the first quarter of 2020.  We will continue to drive margin expansion in 2020. We expect $835 million in unlevered free cash flow, which includes a highly anomalous extra pay period that won't occur again for over a decade. Absent this payment, unlevered free cash flow growth would be 16% year-over-year. The extra pay period doesn't impact the P&L, and therefore, you should expect mid-teens growth in normalized EBITDA as we deliver operating leverage. Stepping back, we're well positioned to deliver another year of exceptional outcomes in 2020 by leveraging our competitive advantages, investments we're making to increase customer value and continued optimization of our platform. And as you can see in our financial guide, we're doing that in a disciplined fashion, delivering both top line growth and margin expansion. We look forward to sharing more details on our growth plans as well as a financial framework with you at our Investor Day on April 2.  Thanks, everyone, for joining today. And with that, operator, let's open up the call for questions.
Raymond Winborne: Sure. I'll start and see if Aman wants to [indiscernible] over the top. But the guide we put out there at 16% ex special item on the pay period, it reflects all the investment we're putting into the platform that Aman spoke about on the call as well as in the marketing, care, and we'll get leverage on our G&A line item. So it reflects everything that we've got line of sight into. And if you look at our history, we will tell you what we're going to do, and then we're going to go do it.
Raymond Winborne: Hey, sure. It's Ray. You guys know, we haven't historically guided to customer count. We only called out the impact of the merchandising tactics last year because it was an anomaly. We've mentioned this numerous times, we don't run the business on customer count, and so we're not going to guide to a number. That said, if you look at our go-to-market motion, it's working, as evidenced by the top line growth that we delivered as well as the guide we've got in front of us.
Raymond Winborne: No. Thanks, Brent. We've been really happy with the growth we've seen in there. Obviously, the Websites + Marketing and Managed WordPress are the software subscriptions we're leaning into. Those are growing around 40% on a unit basis. So growth is there. It's just living in a large line item, right? This is a $1.1 billion line, very difficult to inflect that and -- but we're very happy with the success we're seeing in the subscription growth.
Raymond Winborne: Yes. Hey, it's Ray. I'll start with the impact on guidance and then toss it to Aman. On the top line, the combined impact of both of those acquisitions over in Uniregistry are about 1 point, and the impact to unlevered free cash flow is negligible.
Raymond Winborne: Hey, it's Ray, Naved. I'll start with the first piece of that, and then I'll toss it to Andrew. I'm not going to provide specific guidance on a line item. But I think a decent way to think about 2020 in the overall context of our 11% would be Domains in the high single digits. We're going to lap some pretty strong growth out of aftermarket in 2019. Hosting and Presence in the high single digits, and that's going to be driven primarily by continued growth in Websites + Marketing as well as our Managed WordPress offerings. And in biz apps, which is now over $500 million line item, growing in the high teens. We'll share more with you guys, more insight into the growth algorithm, how we're thinking about the market opportunity for us at our Investor Day in early April.
Amanpal Bhutani: Now I'll just say that we've not -- I've now had more time to look at our investments for the year. And as we said, we're covering everything we know in it. So you should take it just as it is.
Amanpal Bhutani: Yes. Thanks for the question, Matt. Just to clarify, the incremental investments we're making are small so I would really look at the reallocation, which was the second part of your question. And yes, our investments are focused in the core products. We also are moving a bit of more investment into our core platform, which is going to allow our products to move faster. And that's one of the key reallocations. When a product suite is more separate, you may have to make certain duplicate investments for certain capabilities, then we're pulling some of those back down at the company level to just create the best customer experience that we can.
Amanpal Bhutani: Yes. We don't talk about the specifics of the attach rate. But I would tell you that, broadly, it has met and exceeded our expectations, and it's higher than what we've seen in the past and with other products. And the best example of that is if you look at Websites + Marketing, a product that we sort of built from the ground up and really gone into market over the last 2.5 years or so, has gotten rapid adoption, right? We see the growth in the product, which is significantly a function of how well we are able to attach to people coming into the site or coming into care for us.
Amanpal Bhutani: I think content creation is a big category. Commerce is a big category. Category we're putting more energy into is messaging. So our customers engaging their customers is a really big category. And it's really complicated for our customers that tend to be micro businesses to handle just all the channels that they have to handle because customers are coming in and talking to businesses in new ways. And our -- the entrepreneur needs to be able to answer those requests. So bringing those channels together, making it simple, is another good category for us.
Amanpal Bhutani: Yes. So as I discussed last time, this was an area of investigation for me to understand deeply. Just given my background, I wanted to really understand it. And a couple of things pop up. The first is, if you look at the last 2 years, there has been significant investment in the tech and dev line, and the company has been focused on improving. The second -- so that -- there's already a set of investment there for me to use. The second is that given my background, the one big thing I can bring to the table is that, like many other companies, sort of investing in their platforms, a company will -- on point A will want to go to point B and say, "Okay, we should make these investments." Well, I've been through that cycle and realize that you get to point B and then often have to go to point C from there. And that's where I can bring my expertise and say, "Hey, guys, I know we're on this path. I know it makes sense. But I know what it looks like when we get there. So let's just chart the path from the A to C directly."  And I had alluded to this last time in the call, too, but it's not a matter of putting armies of people behind this thing. It's about finding the right people with the right skill set and get them focused on a small number of priorities. So that was the plan that we wanted to put in place. And now I'm very confident that, that's the best plan record.
Amanpal Bhutani: Yes. And in terms of the components of Uniregistry, the key pieces that are for the GoDaddy business now include a set of tools and experiences for our large customers. Second, there's a set of -- sorry, there is a portfolio of names that is part of Uniregistry that is coming into the company as well.  So if I just take those two items separately. When we look at our large customers, there is a set of friction for them to be able to do their jobs. It's -- there's a lot of off-line stuff. There's a lot of sort of handholding and interaction in the broker service. And Uniregistry is built from the ground up tools and experiences for that cost. So bringing those back into the GoDaddy family and offering it to all of our large customers is a fantastic addition.  In terms of the portfolio, it's about 350,000 domains. It's a fantastic portfolio. It allows us to continue to improve the liquidity of our secondary market and really offer those names up to all the people coming into GoDaddy.com and searching for a domain name.
Amanpal Bhutani: Yes. So the Go theme is really about our position in the open-source community. It's about the broader, the set of brand building for us as a company. We don't monetize the theme. People can use the Go theme whether they are a customer of ours, for example, on Managed WordPress or if they're just using WordPress anywhere in the world with anybody else, right? This dramatic -- the team is really focused on dramatically reducing the time designers need to put something together that's beautiful and do it really fast. I would encourage anyone to just go out and try it. If you go out and try it, you'll see the difference in how you yourself can create a site that looks gorgeous and happens quickly.
Amanpal Bhutani: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us for our call. And I'll just give a shout out to all GoDaddy employees all over the world, doing great work. Thank you very much. We'll talk to you in the quarter. Bye.
