Christie Masoner: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us for GoDaddy's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. I'm Christie Masoner, Head of Investor Relations, and with me today are Aman Bhutani, Chief Executive Officer; and Mark McCaffrey, Chief Financial Officer. Following prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions] On today’s call, we’ll be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results and other operating and business metrics. A discussion of why we use non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures to their GAAP equivalents may be found in the presentation posted to our Investor Relations site at investors.godaddy.net or in today’s earnings release on our Form 8-K furnished with the SEC. Growth rates represent year-over-year comparisons unless otherwise noted. The matters we'll be discussing today include forward-looking statements, which include those related to future financial results, our strategies or objectives with respect to future operations including our approach to capital allocation, new product introductions and innovations and our ability to integrate acquisitions and achieve desired synergies. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that are discussed in detail in our documents filed with the SEC. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today May 4, 2023 and except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements because of new information or future events. With that, I'm pleased to introduce Aman.
Christie Masoner: Our next question comes from the line of John Byun from Jefferies on for Brent Thill. John, please go ahead.
Christie Masoner: Our next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Porter from Morgan Stanley. Elizabeth, please go ahead.
Christie Masoner: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Zgutowicz from The Benchmark Company. Mark, please go ahead.
Mark McCaffrey: Thanks Matt. I'll handle the first part of that and it sounds like you have a second question too. So on the bridge we do see I would say easier comps on things like aftermarket coming into the second half of the year which will start to serve as a tailwind. So normalizing the core platform segment growth obviously is in the cards as it turns around into easy year compares in that end of it. Domains is growing at a good pace. And obviously we're taking some actions on hosting which will act as a headwind in the back half of the year but turn into a tailwind as well next year. So a lot of positive momentum. Obviously applications and commerce continues to be the higher growing segment for us. We're seeing a lot of traction on commerce. And we've talked about the four pillars there and then being in the market and we're really happy with the performance of those. So the ability to bridge to what we see as a path to that double-digit growth we've talked about we think starts to take that momentum in 2024. 
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. No doubt Matt that we've talked about that product mix will impact our gross margin. And we're focusing on operating margin as we run the business and expansion of that. But as we get into more of the transactional businesses we can continue to see pressure on the gross margin, but be in that 60 -- low 60s to mid-60s range. As it scales it becomes more accretive. Obviously we get the leverage on the operating margin and it'll help us deliver on our normalized EBITDA.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. Thanks, Trevor. On core platform, aftermarket and the larger transactions continues to be the area that is uneven for us and becoming difficult to predict. We saw some strength as we were exiting the quarter, but it continues to be uneven and that pretty much drove our underperformance. So a moderate impact from some of the actions we were taking on integrating the non-core hosting platforms, but I would say aftermarket was probably the area of putting us below the original range. On application and commerce, the AGV is ahead of what we -- at a great rate. We're seeing a lot of conversion of our existing customer base which is driving the GPV including new customers signing on. So we're really pleased with the momentum there. Really pleased with the attach we're getting around the websites related to our commerce SKUs. So all that has got great momentum in the quarter. We also saw the benefit of the stickiness of -- as our customers and the applications with commerce are adding more than one product, the retention rates are improving. We've always seen that trend and now we're seeing it more in Q1 with commerce. And with that, we're issuing less refunds and that helped us in the quarter as well that we didn't have to. We're seeing that stickiness start to take place. So we're seeing between the two segments, I would say, as we're integrating the core hosting assets, we are seeing some headwinds around retention of, what I would say, customers with more in the area of one product, but we are seeing a pickup in A&C of the customers with multiple products and multiple services, which is helping us. On capital allocation -- sorry, I almost forgot there was two parts to that. Nothing to call out. We are ahead of schedule at the end of the year. We came into the year with the $1 billion target that hasn't changed. There hasn't been any changes to our capital allocation strategy. And I would still put in there a target of $1 billion for the year.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. Thanks Clarke. So, yes 28%. And we talked about the actions we're taking in the first half that will help benefit as we get through the second half of the year and obviously exit the year at a strong run rate there of 7% and 28% of normalized EBITDA margins. A good way to look at it is as we're going through the core platform actions that we've taken around the restructuring and the integration of those platforms into the GoDaddy technology stack. There is going to be some pressure on our retention rates. And we're seeing customers that don't have a higher propensity to spend with us are making that decision as we're doing the transfer over to the GoDaddy stack. On the flip side, the -- being on the GoDaddy stack and having applications and commerce -- and Commerce and our ability for our care guys to engage our customers at a better level is really showing that we're getting more customers signing on to more than one product right now, which again pushes our retention rates higher, pushes our ARPU higher. We're seeing a lot of benefit of that. And A&C comes at a higher margin. So, we're in essence gaining more customers at the higher margin level while we're seeing pressure on the core platform. Those are the lower margin or lower calorie customers I would say. And therefore we're seeing the benefit of the mix start to improve and help us get momentum into the future years into 2024. So, hopefully, that helps kind of how we're looking at it.
Mark McCaffrey: Yeah. You just called it. I think the primary driver was aftermarket and the continued absence of the large transactions. Just as a reminder, we don't set the prices in the aftermarket. That's a buyer and seller agreement and we kind of facilitate the transaction between two. So we're still seeing that disconnect in the market related to the buyer and seller agreeing which shows up in the larger transactions. So it's primarily the cause of the core platform missing the guide. There is a little bit on the hosting no doubt. I don't want to say it's 100% because there is some as we are migrating some of the noncore assets into the GoDaddy technology stack we have seen some pressure there. But I would say aftermarket was primary.
Mark McCaffrey: Yeah. And I'll start with we don't guide towards ARPU, but looking at the outlook for the year when we think about our goal to attract customers with a higher intent to spend with us our goal is to raise that ARPU number. What we're seeing around the commerce is obviously giving us that momentum that we believe we'll be able to continue to drive that. Q4 to Q1 is a normal pattern for us. I know we haven't gone into quarterly disclosures of ARPU in a while, but based on our billing cycles and bookings happening earlier in the process and in the year that revenue from the bookings will flow through to our ARPU as it rolls out in our subscription business. So it will be a natural benefit that we will start to see. So we're excited about attracting more customers with higher intent. We're seeing that especially in the commerce area, which showed up in Q1. The momentum there has been really, really good and we continue to be driving towards adding that ARPU as we go throughout the year. 
Mark McCaffrey: Yes, it's a good inquiry. When you think about our ARPU at $197 and the cost of that to our customers and the value that we provide to them in new business, not a real impact there. Even when you talk about the FDIC limits and all that and the micro businesses and entrepreneurs, we think our customers are optimistic and we're seeing them eager to sell in the marketplace but we're not seeing any limitations based on the banking prices.
Mark McCaffrey: And on the Worldpay, we had talked about that last quarter. We're really excited about the Worldpay agreement in the -- they're selling our product in the market. We have a -- I would say a hard launch in the second half of the year. Minimal impact this year we're planning on. But going into next year, it should have some great momentum.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. And maybe I'll just add Mark, Matt that we see of course the headwinds away but we also have good momentum in the business. Mark already mentioned the growth in AMC, but also the domains business has done well and demand has been better and improving. So we're very sort of encouraged by the momentum and that's what we're really talking about. 
Aman Bhutani: Yes, John thanks for that question. Mark has talked about the pillars of revenue for Commerce. And we actually saw goodness across all of them. But selling into our existing base of customers was the largest driver of this acceleration and growth and we continue to be very excited about it. In terms of how that sales cycle works, our customers have a fantastic relationship with GoDaddy. And we're bringing not just sort of the surprise and delight element of hey you have this relationship with GoDaddy and we have more to offer, we also have great pricing for them. So, when you put together the relationship all the basket of sort of one-stop shop and the pricing that leads to them switching over from other folks. And we -- this is -- of course, we're excited about payable domains and that did its part and resellers did its part. And everyone -- every piece helped, but the prime focus for us is selling into our base. We're seeing goodness there. We're going to keep attacking that. And from what we can see it seems to be a bit of a unique competitive advantage for GoDaddy because of the relationships we have. So, we absolutely are continuing on path on that. 
Aman Bhutani: Yes. GMV as a whole if you remember is the broader sort of set of customers we have also inherited from Poynt and it tends to follow seasonality of the business Q4 versus Q1 and nothing new to sort of report that. 
Aman Bhutani: Yes. And maybe just very quickly Clarke if I can add. If you look at items like marketing spend, obviously, I've talked about it a lot over the last couple of years, but we continue to sort of make our ability to measure return on ad spend better and better globally. And what we're seeing is good gross ads good demand coming to the site and the lowest marketing spend sort of as a percentage of revenue that we've had in a while. So obviously, that continues to help us as well apart from sort of the actions that Mark talked about which are more on the people side.
Aman Bhutani: And we can – those two thoughts together with bookings growing faster than revenue both those pieces basically come together.
Aman Bhutani: Maybe, I'll just talk about attach more broadly real quick and then get into OmniCommerce as well. We talked about bundling a little bit. And as Mark said bundling is a great option for us to bring two-plus products to our customers and it helps obviously not just the average order size but it helps with the retention, because customers that engage with more than one product tend to retain at higher rate. And that's an area of focus for us and we're pretty excited about where we're going. On the OmniCommerce issue, we've had great success selling into our base but it's still very, very early days. Very similar to your question about payable domain. I'm super excited about payable domains. We have some early results that I indicated and there's more to do. But all of these things we're very early in the process. We're very excited about the opportunity in the future. And overall the attach of these products to our existing customers continues to be good. I think in terms of sharing specific numbers on that, we'd want to have it reach certain milestones so we can share more with you. 
Aman Bhutani: Well, Ygal thanks for that question. And no it hasn't been asked yet. So let me just take a moment and just take a step back to talk about the long-term and then give you a couple of examples of how we're thinking about it in the immediate term. Obviously like many other folks we want a future where AI is a positive contributor to humanity and society as a whole. And we're absolutely aligned with that view of the world. Where we see opportunities and some of them are a little ways away, some of them are sooner, is that AI creates moments of delight and surprise for customers. It allows us to create a new set of tools that allow customers to get more value faster easier, so they can focus on the things that they need to do growing their business and they have to worry less about the mechanics of things that technology can take care of. And that is the history of tools. Tools make -- allow people to do things that they otherwise would have had a hard time doing. And AI for us and in our business, in our industry I think is going to provide another set of new tools for our customers. In terms of how our customers think about this I happen to sit on, like, yesterday for two hours in the seat next to one of our customers that customer actually uses our entire solution from GoDaddy Studio to the website to the hardware device in their store and we had a great conversation for two hours. And I asked him about AI and what he feels as a micro business owner. And his point was very, very simple, which actually aligns with our company's view of it. He said, of course I want AI to help me message a customer or prompt me and tell me what the customer is asking about so I can help my customer. But my business relies on the personal relationship I have. And this him I'm talking, I have with our customer. And I don't want a machine talking to our customers. The difference happens in our business because of the owner himself his wife, who's the creative person behind that business. They are the ones that make the difference. So they want to hold that interaction. And for them AI is a tool. And frankly, if GoDaddy can make it easier by using AI tools to make it easier for them to engage with their customers, they're all for that. But at the end of the day it is about tools and not about replacing what they actually do for them. If you translate that into our business, we -- well, one a large part of our business domains hosting and other is sort of not related to AI in the same way. But when it comes to content creation, when it comes to websites, what we see for the foreseeable future is great opportunities to create new set of capabilities for customers that allow micro businesses to compete with larger businesses in a manner that has not been seen before. And that's what we're focused on and we're very excited about achieving that.
Aman Bhutani: Sure. As you know, Websites + Marketing allows, customers the best way the simplest way to build a high-performing website. And given the domains funnel that we have a lot of customers that we see are sort of folks with new ideas. It's their dream they want to take it to market and Website + Marketing provides them just a great, great way to start there. We do look at share numbers internally and we -- as you know, there's no sort of public way to look at website share, but we do spend time and energy understanding the counter websites and what our share in it and it is across all our presence products. And that's what we try to share with you to say, look, we see us taking share. And out of the product -- presence products we have actually Websites + Marketing continues to be doing the best. And we continue to keep it very focused on the customer serves well. We are not distracted about that product serving everybody. It has a target customer segment. It's doing a fantastic job. And of course, there's more to be done and we can talk about that separately. But I'm very happy that Websites + Marketing is continuing to take share.
Aman Bhutani: We have overall taken share as well in the website space, but I didn't break it down by each of the Presence products we have. But amongst -- across the products the product that took the most share was Websites + Marketing.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. Super excited about the Tap to Pay opportunity. And obviously, I think all of you know well what the functionality offers. I think what GoDaddy has to bring that's a bit special is that we work with Apple directly to create a truly seamless experience. I would love to in a different setting showcase that for our analysts and customers on a bus tour or something. So you can actually, see how much easier it is when GoDaddy creates that what we call the seamless and intuitive experience. And our goal there really is to have a set of services or experiences for our customers that are also easy to use that the customer doesn't hesitate to use it. As you know, our customer is the micro business owner. And there is a cost for them to take on something new, right? Because they need to put energy into growing their business and not trying to learn new technology. So when we lower the friction bar when we make it easy for them the adoption is much faster. And that's the early signal with Tap to Pay as well that GoDaddy merchants are just very, very quickly adopting Tap to Pay. And there's actually much more we're going to give them with Tap to Pay. With Microsoft Teams, the idea there is that, we want to be able to serve our customers to any of the sort of services that they used to engage their customers. This is a new opportunity. It's something that we're exploring and are curious about, where as you well know Microsoft Teams has grown and sort of has very large user base. And what we're really offering is the payments capability within Teams. And it extends our existing sort of beautiful relationship with Microsoft through the productivity products already.
Aman Bhutani: Actually, over the last couple of years, I've talked about it a little bit, but let me update some of my comments. At GoDaddy, we've been using AI to provide customers with better domain names and we've put more energy into that over the last two or three years. It was actually one of the things we had mentioned where when we had first seen the acceleration of the aftermarket that we were actually using machine learning models to find better names for customers that were available where they were available in the primary market or the secondary market., So there is an impact of AI into our core business. But that impact so far has been a positive one and one that creates tools that allows customers to find better things. And at least so far we have not found any reason for those technologies to be negative on a negative impact to us. 
Aman Bhutani: Thanks Christie. Just a quick shout out to all GoDaddy employees for another solid quarter. We are super excited about the execution of the company. We're clear in our strategy and it takes all of us to get it there. And we appreciate you taking the time today to join this call and ask us a few questions. Thank you.
