Aman Bhutani: Ron, thanks for the question and yes, commerce continues to be our number one priority and you're right, you laid it out really well with websites plus marketing in place, Sellbrite also growing quickly, which you didn't mention, also huge opportunity for us in the WooCommerce space, we haven't talked about that much but you know about the SkyVerge acquisition that is helping us bring a program that we call a new Woo, that we'll talk about in the future as well. So yes,, all those things coming together Poynt adding those core capabilities as a payments facilitator invoicing point of sale and the idea is to bring all those pieces together and continue the pace of acceleration. If you just look at GMV for websites plus marketing and Sellbrite, the annualized number we gave you last quarter was much lower than the one you're seeing today and that itself represents quarter-over-quarter acceleration.
Aman Bhutani: Happy to take that, on pros, let's start with the numbers because I think that was in the middle of your question. We have about 1.5 million pros as part of our 21 million customers. So we already have a lot of pros that engage with us on a daily basis. We know that the opportunity is much, much larger and what the pro hub is about is it was about going to the pro scene, what do you guys need in terms of the interface and then building that in a manner that works best for them. And the go to market strategy around it, the Go Daddy program that at all about pro signing up and getting benefits, benefits that over time grow and there is a marketing campaign now in place in the US that is getting word out to say, hey, here is all the new things, the new experience where you can do a whole lot, you got project management tools, you got care with a click through messaging that our guides in the background, there are more guides in number. They have higher level of training and they can execute on more acts from the pros than ever before because we've opened up the aperture of what they can do. So it's the combination of both -- of all of those things that we're really excited about and then in terms of sales and marketing, no doubt care will continue to play a role there, but this is not an outbound motion and what we're really seeing is that pros want to engage with us on the web, they want to engage with care through messaging, they want to move things quickly, They don't even want to wait two minutes for a base load. They don't want to spend hours updating their sites. They want it done in one click and those are the type of capabilities we're opening up here. And then on domains, Ray will take the sort of contribution for Neustar, but just to remind you and it's still super early for us with Neustar, the innovation that we plan to bring to the table is all about having the full stack, being able to innovate on the registry side and the registrar side and bring new offerings and talked about that a little bit in the past. So I'll turn it to Ray to just talk about synergies and contribution as you asked.
Aman Bhutani: Thanks Jason. Maybe I'll start and Ray can comment at the end of that. One, I love the idea that you agree that the point is strategically important acquisition and it wasn't very expensive. Those are great acquisitions, I love them but to answer your question, we are looking at the who spectrum Jason. We absolutely agree that many of the core part of our strategy it's in my DNA, it's in the company's DNA. We're good at it. We've done it before but as we're out there looking at the assets as you know it's a competitive or sort of difficult time in the marketplace and we're trying to make sure that the assets we look at truly form part of the advantage we want to create because at the end of the day, what we're looking to have is that simple, intuitive experience. So there is million things I talk about Ray. I'm talking about ease-of-use. I'm talking about saving people time. I'm talking about product interfaces of that truly are magical that lead to high NPS and all the acquisitions we're doing or looking at big or small have to fit into that full. So I wouldn't have anyone think that we're not interested in large acquisitions. We absolutely are, but just we've got a formula we're working it and should be opportunity to you'll find us at the table and Ray, I'll turn it to you for levering up and such.
Aman Bhutani: Nick, the question wasn’t totally clear, but I think I caught most of it. On freemium, what we're seeing is that customers do come in and the metrics we're looking at includes seven-day conversion and 90-day conversion right. There isn’t naturally fixed number of where everyone makes a decision. You continues to see a sort of the tale of people converting over time. Both the seven-day and 90-day, especially as we got into later in the year on the 90-day conversion, we started to have a few cohorts that were reasonable site and we continue to sort of see stable conversion in that 90-days rheum which is what we talked about. In terms of I didn’t fully catch this part of your question, but I think the objective of freemium for us is to open up the aperture to allow our customers without friction to try our products but we fundamentally believe that whether you look at websites plus marketing or Sellbrite, which we also turned freemium last year, the value that customers get compared to the price that we charge, really there is a tremendous amount of value and we want to remove any hesitation customers have of trying to use those products. These products are built from the ground up to the exact needs of our customers and we if feel we open up the aperture and get more customers to try that over time it's just going to build a greater and greater battery that leaves to better financial outcomes over time.
Aman Bhutani: Our priorities on M&A are aligned with our broader priorities as a company and those priorities simply we are the leader in Dream and we absolutely have some intention there. We're making great progress in creating, that's fantastic, but we're putting disproportion about the time and energy resources integral and that's how our M&A team is prioritizing as well because actually create and grow off are more and more working together and that's a massive opportunity and when we talk about our $180 billion TAM, a huge percentage of that is within the growth phase. So that's where the majority of our energy is.
Aman Bhutani: Hey Aaron, I'll take both of those and Mark you can chip something. When you look at Q4 customer growth, still seeing record type levels. The momentum has been good and momentum has carried on into January. So nothing different in the trajectory that we've been seen at point. With cloud you saw some of the impact of cloud in 2020, showing or manifesting itself in lower capital expenditures because we have continued to move workloads into the cloud, that is pressure on the second outline, that's one of the investments we're making there, but if you recall back when we signed our contract with AWS, we were going to manage this thing to a cash basis and that's what we are continuing to do and that's one of the reasons we use unlevered free cash flow as our key metric there because the balance from normalized EBITDA down there, obviously includes the CapEx versus the OpEx up in the P&L.
Aman Bhutani: Thanks, let me take freemium and a little bit on the marketing spend and perhaps Ray wants to comment on that as well. On freemium, I actually go back to the comments Mark that in the prepared comments, what we're seeing in terms of conversion is a rate that's higher than what we've seen in the industry. So of course it's still early in the journey for us, but that's really good, that's really comforting, it's what's the concerns that people may have had. But when I look at being able to improve conversion over time, absolutely we have people dedicated to doing that, but for me, the biggest things is I want to get it out broader and broader and broader right. I'd like to have it at a 100% in the US soon. I'd like to go global with it and that's what I'm really pushing the team because we know that at the end of the day, it's about attracting more people to our products and getting them to use our products because once they use our products, people see that we have something differentiated offer that it works in a manner that they didn't fully understand that Go Daddy would have that offering. And then in terms of marketing, Ray can talk a little bit about the numbers and the unit economics and how we've continued to sort of maintain our benchmarks and wants to break even, but I'd like to give you a little context of how I think about and the marketing spend and the approach there is one of there you want to spend up in marketing and have you spend up you have to continually improve your measurement, your ability to get into more and more channels and as you do that and you improve your internal capabilities to market better, you can then spend even more in marketing and I've talked about sort of this idea of improvement in growth and improvement in spend in the path and it's something that I have experienced with and I am pretty pleased with what I'm seeing in terms of Go Daddy in 2020 and what we have forecasted for 2021.
Aman Bhutani: I'll give you a kind of a view into those website creation of products last quarter with an ARR of $350 million growing in the high 30s. We've continued to see strong growth in both of those metrics.
Aman Bhutani: When you think about point synergies, we gave you guys some guidance around the top line and the bottom line. There is going to be investment year for Poynt. As we integrated into our offering we'll be spending money on marketing, spending money on product as well as experimenting across the front side of that. So that will be dilutive to the tune of $20 million in '21. On Social, think about that being ahead went through the first half and less so in the back, post our decision to pick up the outbound calling motion. So first quarter will be the highest headwind and then it starts to diminish as we move through the back half.
Aman Bhutani: Yeah when we look at Poynt, obviously Poynt today has go to market strategy that's through a distribution channel, but when you see Poynt and Go Daddy together, obviously with Go Daddy's brand and 21 million customers and lots of folks being attracted to us with websites plus marketing, manage WordPress, which includes commerce on both sides, what we're excited about is bringing those pieces together and using the capabilities Go Daddy has and we have multiple capabilities to that. We have the opportunity to go direct to customer right because people know Go Daddy, they come into the sales path, they notice that the capabilities of there and it's seamless, it's integrated that works super well. We also work like I said with 1.5 million designers and developers right as we make the WooCommerce and WordPress ecosystems easier for them to you and we integrate these capabilities of payments and others into that experience, we think there's a great channel there for us to work with customers that we already have that work with other folks and give them the right incentives to sort of continue to fuel that pipeline. And then we always have Care right. We continue to have folks that call us, message us and although again we believe less in the outbound motion. So we're not talking about doing that but we do have a huge amount of inbound coming to us and that will continue to be a avenue for growth for us as well. So the incremental effort, the investment that we're putting in here, we think it's fantastic right and in terms of I think your question about using our internal systems, Poynt is already a payment facilitator. So we will be doing this ourselves right. It will not be -- that part will not be with a third-party.
Aman Bhutani: Yeah Ygal, we are still laser focused on our customer segment. These are the micro businesses or the small of the small businesses folks that have 20 employees or less, 10 employees or less and in 2020 they have had to pivot online very, very quickly. I need to explain that I think you guys know that very, very well, but let me tell you just a small story. We did a -- we have a customer in the UK, they make vegan pies and the place is called Magpie and they just have a fantastic product and we got to know them, we love the folks that run Magpie and our marketing team decided to have to showcase them in one of our marketing campaign just to check out the ad, it's phenomenal. Well, here was what I imagine was a local place where people in the same neighborhood probably came to them and bought pies from them. Well, the day they went live in our advertising now they're shipping pies all over the UK right. By definition they are now a company that is online and we think that opportunity exists for every micro business, right. The Internet is the great equalizer. It allows customers to reach these micro businesses and with the toolset with the guidance we offer in Care, these micro businesses can absolutely provide the experience to their customers that is professional, that does the job in a manner that leaves their customer's impressed. So to your question, we focus on our customer segment, absolutely we're building all our products roundup for those customers and all those customers are going online. In our research, they clearly show that they want commerce and they want it online because anyone of them can be like Magpie.
Aman Bhutani: Yeah Chris, these customers, we can definitely differentiate certain items and say look here are certain features that are better for these customers create more value and we have tears that different customers can talk, but I'd like to just bring it back to the idea that most of these customers are going online and doing commerce online in a significant way for the first time. Even the base set of features they need those to be super simple and what they really need is when they're confused to call someone and to get it to work just the way they want it. We've given the example in the past and I'll share a little bit of an update on it. We talked about how for the super small customers, the templates that create a one page commerce site when we created the first one, it just took off. It became the biggest thing right. We've now added more template and we find all of our customers going towards those templates because even I hate to call them bigger customers, but even customers that have 20 employees are learning their way through e-commerce and immediately they want to set the things where they're having trouble managing their inventory and they're calling us. They're having trouble taking what they're doing in the store to online and they need help and we're there or they want to manage between their online in-store and what they're selling on the major platforms and if that feedback that we're talking, we think okay, clearly these customers need the same thing which is they want from one place to be able to sell in their store, sell on their website and sell on any platform and hence you saw the Poynt acquisition us bringing together websites plus marketing, celebrate that we already own and the Poynt capabilities because we know that it works across the spectrum of customers we have and it's not really about truly separating out the value of sort of the top end of that or the bottom end of that.
Aman Bhutani: Thank you, Christie. I'll just end with a thank you to all Go Daddy employees all around the world. 2020 brought many challenges for many of us at a personal level and I feel like every person leaned in to produce these fantastic results. Thank you all again for joining us and I look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Ray Winborne: Ron it's Ray. Appreciate the kind words first, but our normalized EBITDA margin were holding that flat year-over-year, which we're pretty pleased with given the investment we're going to put in place. Both in products, Poynt will be a big piece of that. I mentioned in the call comments that we've got net delusional about $20 million around commerce and we'll continue to invest more in marketing this year as well. So those are the two big drivers our normalized EBITDA margin.
Ray Winborne: Yeah, Aman hit it on the head. This was more about the strategy and verticalization on domains. This is a future benefit to us as we get more control over the domain costs, which is one of our largest cost in the P&L. You think about contribution to the topline Ygal, the purchase accounting impacts from Neustar absolutely muted the impacts on the top line. If you're looking year-over-year, '21 contribution inorganic contributions for Neustar are going to be roughly half a point on the topline.
Ray Winborne: Yeah Jason when you think about leverage, right, we've had a targeted two to four tons leverage since we've been public and we've been at the very top of that range when the opportunity presented itself and we've been more about balancing our capital allocation priorities. You saw every flavor of it in 2020. We leaned in the marketing, put a lot of money into organic growth because the opportunity presented itself. We closed on four acquisitions last year. We bought back stock and we also settled the TRA's. So we're really using that cash flow that incredibly strong and consistent cash flow that you talked about to drive significant returns for the company. And we do see the opportunity to Aman's point, we're certainly not hesitant to take our leverage to four times.
Ray Winborne: Hey Drew, it's Ray, when you look at the inorganic contribution on an incremental basis in '21, it's about a Poynt right. $20 million or so that's coming from Poynt, I just mentioned on I think it was a Ygal's question earlier that Neustar is about another half a point there. So those are the two big biggies that are contributing and it's around that one point contribution.
Ray Winborne: Yeah I think as you look at what we've been spending on marketing, it's roughly 13% of revenue in 2020, but it's discipline right. We're disciplined in approach, we're disciplined in the execution of delivering the P&L and the P&L we've got a really good track record of investing in marketing over time with good returns and the strong unit economics that we've got. And we've trend with the team to stretch and look at the next marginal customer at an acceptable return that is all about balance. But when we do see that, we extend to pay that period and that does create more risk or higher risk profile for us because it does hit the bottom line in the short term but for the right paybacks we are willing to do that. You might notice in those slides that we put out with the earnings, we've put a new slide in for marketing with a different lens on how we see the returns. So we'll take a look at that but in summary, we did roughly $0.85 in incremental bookings and $0.45 in incremental gross profit in 2020 for every dollar that we spent on marketing and advertising. So when you compare that against other in the industry, that's going to shape up pretty well.
Ray Winborne: Both are doing strongly. Obviously we've put a lot more shouldering the websites and marketing recently. You heard Aman's comments earlier. One of the things we would point that is going to help us there is continue to push on commerce which will stretch into the manage WordPress and ecommerce offering as well.
Ray Winborne: Yeah, you'll see some. This year is going to be a lot more focused on getting to market right. Payments will be first, but it's certainly not going to be linear. Next year 2022 will be more of the go to market strategy starting to drive revenue and then our expectation is we'll start to scale in three and that number that we put out sort of 150 in '23 should be a conservative number based off of what we're looking at.
Ray Winborne: Yeah we're really pleased with the pleased with the performance in domains closing out 2020 with really solid growth and then obviously you saw the guide into 2021 continuing to see good strength and it is broad-based. That's the beauty of that business. Aman mentioned earlier, we own the dream phase of the customer journey. So it's strength across primary registrations. Renewals have been strong. We got aftermarket that is really doing well as we continue to improve the customer experience, but also the merchandising on front of site and in last, there is a modest contribution registry that I mentioned earlier roughly half a point on total revenue in 2021.
Ray Winborne: You answered your own question there exactly that, it's last year pre COVID, Social was growing and then second quarter, we started seeing the impact and then obviously beginning in the early July, we took out the outbound calling. So that's the progression you'll see as you move through 2021, but the implication in that guide was that we will see high single digits in that line.
Christie Masoner: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Helfstein from Oppenheimer and Company. Jason, please go ahead.
Christie Masoner: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Zgutowicz from Rosenblatt Securities. Mark, please go ahead.
Christie Masoner: Our next question comes from the line of [indiscernible] from Piper Sandler. Cart [ph] please go ahead.
Christie Masoner: [Operator instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Ygal Arounian. Ygal, please go ahead again.
Christie Masoner: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Kuntarich from Deutsche Bank. Chris, please go ahead.
