Scott Wagner: Hey, Sam, it’s Scott. Thanks. You’re covering a bunch of ground there. First of all, I’ll wrap in the customer adds, first, I think if you take a big step back and you look throughout our history, not just 2015 to today, but certainly from 2012 forward, you’re seeing our net customer adds being really consistent, hovering around 1 million net adds plus or minus in every given year. And you’re kind to point out that this quarter was an uptick, but again, we’re not managing our customer add number on a quarter-to-quarter basis. So this isn’t something to get particularly excited about for the quarter. However, if you take a step back and again look at the consistency of what we’ve been able to deliver around the million net adds every year, that’s something I think to get excited about. When you asked about the Super Bowl and then GoCentral, I think the Super Bowl is one element of our marketing mix. And so when we use marketing, it is strategic to get our brand and our value proposition in front of our customers, and we use top of funnel and very direct marketing to do that. And so there’s not one single marketing tactic or lever that you can attribute things to. It’s just the strategy and the value proposition overall. Now I will say that GoCentral is and will, as it continues to build up, serve as an additional on ramp, but again, it’s too early to actually see any immediate contribution. So there’s nothing necessarily that GoCentral is contributing in that number. And I think the last comment or question you had was around international. And as we said in the script, GoDaddy’s organic business international customers were just a shade over 5 million at the end of Q1. And now including HEG, it’s nearly 7 million.
Scott Wagner: Thanks, Ron. So in terms of attachment rates, we’re happy out of the gate with not only the level of attachment but just the activity on the product. Blake mentioned the number of new publishes. That’s the metric that we’re really looking at right now, which is just getting a raw number of sites published in the first weeks of launch. Obviously, that’s garnering a lot of activity. In terms of free trial, when we think about not only GoCentral but our other applications like e-mail, we’re finding that a 30-day trial is just a terrific merchandising mechanism to allow customers to try to sample the – just build up their initial step from a product. And then those who have an intended use at the end of 30 days convert and pay. And so we found not only through GoCentral but certainly our experience with Business Applications that’s it’s a great, consistent merchandising tactic to bring people under the franchise. Now in terms of how we evolve that going forward, there may be certain things that we allow customers to have a free experience, but that’s something that we’re going to think about and work over time.
Scott Wagner: Hey Lloyd, it’s Scott. In terms of the growth rate of the specific segments, the direction that we’ve given around Domains growing roughly at the rate of our customer base, Hosting and Presence being one to two times the rate of the customer growth, and Business Apps being three to four are really the best goalposts to think about the growth rates on a particular quarter and kind of what we can see ahead. And if we look at each of those, the applications, both Hosting and Presence and Biz Apps, fell into those ranges pretty nicely, and Domains was a little over that onetime guidance. But again, we’re going to hold and counsel everybody in the mid- to long-term to kind of think about domain growth being roughly in line with our customer base. In terms of the sign-up mix for the higher-priced products, what’s nice about GoCentral is we have a rich set of features whether you’re selling physical goods or adding certain applications like e-mail marketing or productivity or SEO optimization. It can be added right through the app, the app meaning the GoCentral editor. And so as customers are building sites and then particularly, as the customers who have let’s call it a more purposeful intent for their site, we’re seeing a nice mix of those applications being added, either added to GoCentral or just the feature mix within GoCentral, reflecting the intent of those customers.
Scott Wagner: Yes. Hey, Jason, it’s Scott. In terms of applications specifically, I’d probably elevate it out and say we’re – we’ve got a very purposeful product strategy that we’re executing against. So two things that I mentioned on the call, our SSL certs and our domain aftermarket experience literally within two to three days of the close, those were up and running and transferred. The next set are the whole domain purchase flow and search experience, which is proprietary advantage of ours. The second, we’re jointly merging some of our hosting products. There are some things that HEG does really well. There are a couple of things, particular around Managed WordPress, that we’re bringing that way. And so that’s in the second tier. And then the third thing, as you mentioned, is Business Applications. And we continue to feel good about the prospect of both what we built here and its potential over in Europe. But I’d say, it’s one of a number of product things that we’re pretty excited about in terms of bringing the full range to the product portfolio over to Europe and building it up. And overall, I’d say customer acquisition, as we shared from the stats on the investment, HEG has not built as much of a customer acquisition engine. Now the customers that HEG has have fantastic retention rates, great value, so it’s a terrific, stable franchise. And obviously, what we’re doing now with the joint team now, our joint EMEA team, is looking at each of the specific markets and building go-to-market plants which are going to be a little different whether you’re in the UK or Germany around how we can enter the market. But it’s going to be with the same lifetime value, cost of acquisition stats and the same go-to-market model that we’ve been running for a long time.
Scott Wagner: Hey, Mark. It’s Scott. The small acceleration in Biz Apps, nothing really to see there. It’s just steady trajectory. So really, the uptick was more rounding than anything else. I will say we continue to be proud of and happy with the continued growth rate in Business Applications, which is turning into a really big segment right now. But don’t read too much into the single quarter acceleration. And again going forward, just think about that broad category being 3 to 4 times the rate of customer – our customer growth. In terms of security services. We just closed on Sucuri, which is a really nice product portfolio. And we’re going to be building up and probably rolling out some of those services in the second half of this year.
Scott Wagner: Hey, Sterling, it’s Scott. Yes, again, if you look at the 10% growth rate for the quarter, our above call it the industry unit growth of 3% to 5%, there’s three contributors to that. One is the fact that we continue to gain unit share in comm. And second is our continued international expansion in terms of ccTLDs and growth there. And then the third is the aftermarket. And if you parse those apart, it’s roughly – they’re all contributing. And they’re not precisely a third, a third, a third, but it’s kind of balanced across all three.
Scott Wagner: It’s Scott. In terms of refund rates, thanks for pointing out that it has been declining over the last 6 quarters. That’s just the natural result of building great products and great services and getting our customers into the product that they both want, need and is best for them. If you look at GoDaddy’s refund practices and our approach relative to others in our industry and certainly in the technology world, we’re really generous, and we bend over backwards to help out our customers. If they end up in the wrong thing, we bend over backwards the right product for what their need is. And that’s a nice balance. It’s a great place for us to be. And when you see a declining refund run rate like that, I think it’s just reflective of us doing our job may be right upfront, getting customers into the right thing right up front. In terms of marketing and advertising. We’re investing in marketing and advertising. But again, this is a business generator. And we look at our marketing spend on a lifetime value to cost of acquisition basis and in our developing markets like the United States, on a return on new revenue sold through existing customers. So going forward, you’re going to want to think about marketing being roughly in line with revenue growth and in some cases, marketing might be a little faster than revenue growth, like in this quarter where we’re going to ramp up new services like GoCentral or security services. And so it may tick up a little bit more, but we will definitely be getting leverage in other lines on the P&L particularly G&A and the infrastructure elements of tech and dev.
Scott Wagner: Hey, it’s Scott. Hey, Deepak, it’s Scott. I’ll do the first one, and then Ray can handle the second. Nothing of note in terms of merchandising tactics or differences to call out this quarter that really affected the P&L. And what that means from a contract duration standpoint is it was pretty stable. And I think there’s nothing really all that different. I mean obviously, we keep trying different bundling, merchandising approaches. But in terms of you guys outside and nothing different both on merchandising and then contract duration.
Blake Irving: Hey Ron, this is Blake, just kind of piling on. One of the things that we were pretty explicit about, at least in our call script today was we are A/B testing quite a bit. So I think that is in terms of what the product packages are, what conversion looks like. Is it a 30-day free trial? Can it be longer? Do we sample with e-mail and post e-mail at a different rate to try to get somebody to initiate not just to publish but a conversion? All these things, we’ll be doing over the course of the coming months. To learn more about what our customers look like globally, I mean, we just entered 40 new countries within the last 35, 40 days. And we’re learning a lot about these customers. So we’ll continue to A/B test our way into what we think is just frankly better and improving performance.
Blake Irving: No – yes. Ron, so we A/B test more than GoCentral. So we A/B test even the front of site. So the merchandising we do on the front of site, you will not find the same thing there from one browser session, clear your cache to the next session. You can find something very different because we’re running tests on that site for merchandising as well. So all the way through the GoDaddy system, you’ll see us doing things that are different, depending on who you are as a user, whether you are – have signed in, whether you’re cookied, whether we think we’ve seen you before. So we’re pretty precise on how many different tests we’ll run, just to make sure we’re doing the right thing from a merchandising perspective and trying to personalize for a customer segment.
Blake Irving: Let me pile on. This is Blake. One of the things that we know about our customers is it’s a life cycle type of business for folks that are starting out. And what we wanted to do with GoCentral is provide them an easy path to get their website started, make it super simple. And as an example, when they want to add a product, they don’t intend to sell initially, but they’re just a service provider, and then they want to add a product to make it super simple for them, while they’re in the editor to just say, I want to add the ability to sell products, which actually initiates a new plan with a new price point, which we’re very clear with them about. But it allows them the flexibility to start simply and then move up from there, without having to go through a natural lax to move to the next tier. Hope that fills it out for you.
Blake Irving: Jason, it’s Blake. I’d just characterize generally the entire – the integration operation and what we’ve been able to accomplish with the teams just up to this point is pretty amazing. So we feel good about the integration, the planning that we’ve got. We’ve got great leaders on both sides that are engaged, moving really fast, and we’re feeling great about the progress.
Blake Irving: Yes, Brian. If you look at their historical numbers, obviously, they’ve been adding acquisitions through their history. But on an organic basis, they’re growing in the mid- to high-single digits and from a customer perspective, a little lower than that. So there’s a nice mix of price and customer adds on a historical basis.
Blake Irving: Really haven’t seen any shift there, Brian. If you look at the quarterly pacing on that, it’s right where we would have expected. It’s consistently growing there, so no changes.
Blake Irving: Yes, when we made this acquisition, we did a fair amount of diligence on that particular business, anticipating that we would divest of it. So we know the market. We know the natural buyers, and I’ve had some preliminary discussions. So that’s giving us some confidence that we’ll be able to get it done.
Blake Irving: And Naved, this is Blake. On SmartLine, launch timing for the bigger launch, frankly, I talked about 3 sets of, features, both the vanity numbers, 800 numbers and SMS and MMS texting. You’ll see those happen in the summer, last part of the summer. And that is likely when we actually go big with a launch and actually make a claim – we will be testing our way into that. I’d characterize marketing spend on that as being I’d call it pretty small and just kind of, again, testing our way into seeing what’s working with our customer segments. And you’re going to see some very interesting and unique in product marketing for that product as well. And one of the things we believe is that people shouldn’t put a personal phone number on their website. So when we suspect somebody is doing that, we’re going to surface a message that says, you know, you really ought to try the SmartLine product because you shouldn’t put your personal phone number on a website for all to see. And those types of things, that kind of clever integration around the way that we can have products do marketing for us are things that we think are really frankly good leverage advantage for us.
Blake Irving: Hi, Tom this is Blake. FreedomVoice is of course responsible for the SmartLine product. But as you know, the regulatory environment in different countries differs pretty dramatically. So what we’re going to do is we’re going to basically introduce it in the United States, get very successful with it, make sure that we’re happy with the results that we’re seeing. And once we believe we’ve kind of got that dialled in, and we have a product that we feel very confident, then we’ll look at other markets outside the United States where we think the regulatory environment is friendly enough for us to enter. But I would not look at it as an international – as something we’re going to blow out internationally. It’s just a very different market country by country, but we’re going to go pretty deep in the United States, and think we’ve got a great opportunity. You always want to just kind of be step wise when you’re doing things like this, whether you have the crawl, walk, run mentality. But I think you want to be pretty thoughtful on how you enter markets versus trying to do something that’s a big blowout, especially when there’s heterogeneous environments in different markets. And for telecom, there could be almost no market more heterogeneous. They are very, very different throughout the world.
Blake Irving: Yes. I said a little earlier that free trials, since we’re so early and we’re doing so many tests on when we convert, what the timing on conversion is, how we post email to customers, that it’s difficult for us to actually give any kind of indicator that would be worth publishing. Published rate’s really good. That’s indicative and we’ve done in 40 countries only about 30 days, so we haven’t seen that come in yet. But the number of published site has grown really nicely. We believe that our hypothesis is that publishers turn into conversion for a reasonable percentage of customers. And that new on-ramp and the attach of domains to that on-ramp, we’re actually getting pretty interested in it. And it looks like the investment thesis was solid. So we’ll keep – when we think we have enough information to actually start being able to dial it in, it might be worth sharing. But up till now, the changes and the tests that we’re running that we’re running are so extreme, it’s really hard to get any indication from it.
Blake Irving: Great. Well, thanks, everybody. Thanks for your questions. Thanks for listening. We look forward to talking with you in another few months at our second quarter earnings call. Have a great rest of week.
Ray Winborne: Yes, Jason, it’s Ray. The only thing I would add on to that is, like we’ve mentioned in the past, the main branding spend will be behind the GoDaddy name. And to Scott’s point, the LTV to CAC on that has been pretty consistent and strong, and we think we’ll be able to get a little advantage there relative to what HEG was doing.
Ray Winborne: Yes, James. This is Ray. You see we closed the quarter out with almost $700 million in cash on the balance sheet. When you think about further M&A, always there are opportunities. The focus right now, we got the leverage at 4, coming down to 3 by the end of the year. But it’s bringing this HEG business together with our European operations creating value for customers and generating the synergies that Scott talked about. I would look at the ability to do further M&A really in 2 buckets, one operational and one balance sheet capacity. When you take out operationally, we’ve got a business system in place now that will enable that integration that we’re doing, especially with HEG as we speak. Our products are API-able. We’ve got a global tech platform. We’ve got a scalable customer care system. From a leverage standpoint, again, I don’t think you’ll see anything the size of HEG for sure. But if the right opportunity comes along with a tech or a product type tuck-in, we’ll have the capacity as we move the latter half of 2017.
Ray Winborne: Hey, Naved. It’s Ray. On the flat sequential ARPU nothing to read into that. If you just look back at the quarterly pacing on ARPU for the last, call it, 4, 6 quarters, nothing is changed really in that trajectory. In fact, we just continue to balance customer growth and ARPU growth there. So you’ll see slight bounces back and fourth, but again, as we would have expected, growing in that mid-single-digit range.
Ray Winborne: Yes, Mark it’s Ray. So the month-over-month trends to the quarter really nothing unusual there. Again, year-over-year, we had to comp against leap year, which was affecting the numbers but on a sequential basis, nothing unusual to read out on. As far as Domains being 10%, what to expect, Scott said it well. The direction we’ve given you guys over the long-term is that, roughly at approximation of customer growth. So you’re not going to see it bounce around a lot. You’re going to see a pretty smooth trend as we move throughout the year, plus or minus off that mark we’re on today.
Ray Winborne: Hey, Deepak, it’s Ray. Nothing seasonal about the HEG revenue stream. I gave you a point estimate for the second quarter of $40 million. The $100 million that will come in, in the back half of the year will ramp up slightly. So if you were going to try to into a model, take the $100 million remaining amount and spread that slightly lower in the third and a little higher in the fourth. Their bookings though, when you ask from a seasonality standpoint, not a lot of seasonality in their bookings.
