Christie Masoner: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us for GoDaddy's Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. I'm Christie Masoner, Senior Director of Investor Relations. And with me today are Aman Bhutani, Chief Executive Officer; and Mark McCaffrey, Chief Financial Officer. Following prepared remarks we will open up the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions] On today's webinar we'll be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results and operating metrics such as total bookings, unlevered free cash flow, normalized EBITDA, annualized recurring revenue or ARR, gross merchandise volume or GMV and net debt. Growth rates presented represent year-over-year comparisons unless otherwise noted. A discussion of why we use non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures to their GAAP equivalents may be found in the presentation posted to our Investor Relations site at investors.godaddy.net or in today's earnings release on our Form 8-K furnished at the SEC with today's earnings release. The matters we'll be discussing today include forward-looking statements, which include those related to our future financial results our strategies or objectives with respect to future operations, including our approach to capital allocation, new product introductions and innovations and our ability to integrate acquisitions and achieve desired synergies. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that are discussed in detail in our documents filed with the SEC. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today August 3, 2022 and except to the extent required by law we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events. With that here's Aman.
Christie Masoner: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Pfau from William Blair. Matt, please go ahead and talk.
Christie Masoner: Our next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Porter from Morgan Stanley. Elizabeth, please go ahead,
Christie Masoner: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Naved Khan from Truist. Naved, please go ahead.
Christie Masoner: That concludes our Q&A for this session. I'm going to turn the call over to Aman for closing remarks.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes, no problem. Hey, Trevor, how are you doing? So I would say, most of the gross margin mix was -- or change was based on product mix. The FX impact to that was pretty nominal.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. So most of the impact on the FX affects our bookings, our costs are pretty much fixed and in line with the US dollar. So I would say, look for most of the FX impact to flow through to bookings and then ultimately lead to revenue with minimal impact on the cost in our structure today.
Mark McCaffrey: And I'll add, we continue to expect to get leverage out of our marketing line, especially, as our business and our solutions are broader, as we get into more commerce as we get into more aftermarket. As once customers are into entrepreneur wheel, our efficiency and marketing gets better. So over time we expect to get leverage out of that marketing line and continue to be able to expand our normalized EBITDA margins based on that. 
Mark McCaffrey: And I'll just throw in there. The care relationship becomes extremely important in these times. And having that relationship and the person to go to, to help fix come up with more economic solutions to provide value seems to be and continue to be a winning formula and in these times even more important to that customer base.
Mark McCaffrey: On M&A our approach hasn't changed. We have our capital allocation strategy that we've talked about. We have our M&A strategy that we've talked about has to fit strategically has to work financially and has to be able to be integrated. We'll evaluate anything that comes along those lines. Obviously, we don't talk about anything active in any way shape or form. But we try to balance our decisions for today based on keeping an eye on our long-term objectives and we remain laser-focused on executing our objectives right now and we feel good about having a strong and solid year. 
Mark McCaffrey: And I'll start on the macro and the marketing budget. No doubt demand has been fluid in 2022, but overall it's been pretty solid. We look at marketing more as efficiency and optimization. We do look at things like Aman mentioned demand is down in Europe and we just accordingly. But where we continue to look at the ROI and optimize it based on not only our expanded product offerings, but how successful we are on the entrepreneurs wheel and our ability to attach. So, it's -- like I said, demand is definitely fluid, but the marketing is being efficient and optimized to make sure we're capturing the demand that makes sense. And then, I think there was a -- and I apologize there's a few questions in there. I think we had...
Mark McCaffrey: And Mark thanks for pointing out we have a lot of free cash flow. Obviously that's a good thing in the especially in this day and age. We're really happy we've been able to execute on the $1 billion six months in. And we are continuing to balance our decisions today based on what our objectives are and driving long-term value. I'd say the best way to answer that question is, we have a very, disciplined capital allocation strategy. We will continue to look at use of cash. It's an active discussion between us and the Board. And right now okay we're authorized at $3 billion.
Mark McCaffrey: Yeah. And Naved, I'll add on the pricing part of it, right? Anything we plan on doing on pricing has been included in our forecast. And we always keep in mind that 85% of our revenue comes from our existing 21 million customers. And we're very, very particular about making sure that the pricing we do is matched up the value we're providing with them and we see it in our retention rates staying at a stronger at higher than 85%.
Aman Bhutani: And then on pricing, yes, what you saw Trevor was us testing some changes and those were the price test for Websites + Marketing. In terms of taking that international, as I've shared before, the price testing for us is quite nuanced. We base it on geography, on sort of customer expectations, changing on market share. So you'll see it appear in certain geographies, but not in others.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. Thanks, Matt. Perhaps one thing to call out geographically is that, we see some greater pressure for European customers right now, given inflation or other macro factors. So that's something we're keeping an eye on. But, overall, we have continued to sort of focus our efforts to bring in customers that have high LTV, have great intent to build businesses to stay with us. So that's allowing us to stay with the high retention rates the 85% plus. So we're pretty happy with that overall.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. My broad view on marketing spend is that, we let it trail the demand and the signals we see and we look at both sort of external signals in terms of the Google universe and such, giving us data, but also our customers' data and what we're seeing in terms of return on marketing investment. So what you can expect is, if the demand spikes again, our marketing spend will follow, but we're also constantly improving the success-based metric for our marketing. So you'll see potentially some optimizations that continue to come. And we -- as an example, in Investor Day we shared some improvements in our SEM spend which was all based on improvement rather than just demand. So you'll see a mix of both. 
Aman Bhutani: Yeah. Sure Brian. So let's start with the customer, right? GoDaddy's average customer is the micro business. A-third of our micro business customers are solopreneurs. We add to that the fact that the products we sell create tremendous value for our customers and the price we charge leaves plenty of consumer surplus for our customers right? So even if they have to adapt to changing economic environment the products we typically sell to them tend to be the last products they walk away from. So that's why we see sort of the continued high retention rates for customers. But also keep in mind, the more we have focused in terms of attracting the customer, to whom we can attach more and more products and reach higher LTV that sort of limits some of the – should I say, discounting and other techniques that companies might use to attract a lot of customers that may not have sort of good retention rates. But obviously, our strategy is to attract the customers that have high LTV have good retention rates.
Aman Bhutani: Thanks, Elizabeth. So, as you know, the higher premium tier offerings are especially in the case of Website + Marketing with the new Commerce Plus offering is relatively new for us right? And we're just super excited and announcing the launch of our WooSaaS solution, which is also going to be a premium offering. But all of these businesses are very new for us right? We have a base of 21 million customers. We have great relationships in Care. So we're sort of early in the process and not of course we realize that customers feel the pinch of inflation but these businesses are small for us in our core products they just deliver tremendous amounts of value. And one of the things we sometimes say here is people don't give up their dream because of an economic downturn. So they're not going to give up the domain name. 
Aman Bhutani: Yeah. We're definitely in a fluid demand environment and it's different by geography. I didn't make a small comment earlier about the European demand being weaker. But just to take a step back and look at the customer or the domains business overall if we look at GoDaddy's business it's very broad. Obviously, we sell 400 TLDs. We have a primary market. We have a secondary market the aftermarket business. In both cases, we are leaders in those businesses. We've invested in a corporate domains business. You saw us take on a registry business over the last couple of years and that's grown very well for us too. So when we look at our Domains business we feel it's a much broader business with many levers that obviously we use to continue to grow it compared to any one registry out there that may have one or a few TLDs. So that we think our business is quite different. 
Aman Bhutani: Yes. On the sort of ad environment, it's always a competitive marketplace. I would never quite ever call that easy. But as we shared with you at Investor Day we continued to sort of push more success-based improve our abilities with bidding with machine learning to get better and better efficiencies. So, you do see some of that in our marketing leverage improvements. But overall I would just say the competitive dynamics are still the competitive dynamics. Obviously, in certain quarters, it's a bit easier than others, but overall, I wouldn't say there's some huge shift in it yet. And Mark on M&A.
Aman Bhutani: Sure. Thanks Mark. Let me take the Payments and Apple Pay piece and maybe and I can tag team on the other two items. So, on Payments GoDaddy Payments for Managed WordPress, we're super excited to move that number for 25% to 30%. You asked what are the types of things that we do. Customers actually have a choice of -- I think it's 140 options that they can choose from in WordPress. So, we're continually improving the experience for customers. So, it's easier and easier for them to make that choice for them to be able to differentiate between those choices and pick the best choice. And in that -- with those simplification and improvements, we see in this improvement to 30%. In terms of without commenting on sort of specific numbers that we'd be at in a couple of years, what I would say is we're very, very focused on simplifying the customer experience. We're very, very focused on delivering the one-stop shop to our customers whether they're selling in-store on their online store or on social media or the major marketplaces. So, giving that one subscription to our customers and letting them do everything they want to do from one place clearly is our objective. In terms of Apple Pay, so there are a couple of things there. There is the Apple Pay support and the Tap to Pay partnership. I think you're referencing the Tap to Pay partnership. And it's just super early. This just got announced by Apple, we'll happily share more with you as that sort of partnership develops. 
Aman Bhutani: Yeah. Sure. So the core funnel for us continues to be folks coming in to buy domains and attaching Email, attaching Websites, attaching Websites turning into attaching Commerce and we're laser focused on optimizing conversion through those funnels. We're also very, very focused on tracking the customer that has that intention, right? So if our marketing is intent focused and the conversion funnel is good, that's what allows us to attach more-and-more products. And of course we shared at Investor Day, a lot of good data in terms of penetration for emails for example with our 21 million customer base. We're also creating new products and bringing them to the market. The best example of that is Payable Domains, where you don't have to attach payments to a domain. You buy a domain, you get checkout page that you can customize that's enabled for your domain automatically. So you literally buy the domain and you can start taking payments, right? And that's a bit of a different movement, in that we're not selling the product and then attaching more, we're bundling it in right with the first purchase and literally putting -- and the idea there is put Commerce on every surface we have because that is in a sense the OmniCommerce ethos right, like wherever you're transacting, whatever surface you're creating your Commerce or your Micro Business is enabled in there.
Aman Bhutani: Thanks Mark. Yes, we're very happy with the international business. Over nine million of our 21 million customers are outside the U.S. and represent tremendous opportunity as we bring more and more products to that customer base outside the U.S. so, super bullish super happy with it. Some macro headwinds there, of course FX is there and we see some demand challenges too. But structurally, no concern with the international business, continue to be very happy with it, continue to allocate marketing dollars where we see the best return. And over the last two, three years I will say you've seen us move those dollars back and forth a bit. And that has some impact but no -- like super happy with it overall. And Mark for you.
Aman Bhutani: Yeah. On the pricing, so I think there was a specific example for Websites + Marketing pricing in the earlier question. But let me pull it back, Naved, a little bit and talk about -- remember our pricing is nuanced not just by geographies or customer shifts with macro but also customer populations. So I think in the past you and I have talked about how for certain populations, for example, are the main investor customer, the pricing that we will have will be different from let's say a micro business customer. So we take a look at all of that. That's the testing that happens, right? Then when we find the best balance of that versus share depending on geography, depending on customer population you see us roll those out. And I think Mark can comment on it but those get built into our plan and into our forecast basically. So we're -- it's not a single event type thing. We have a large broad portfolio of products. So we're constantly evaluating and doing tests and seeing where we should take price. And typically we're taking price after we have added more value for the customer, right? We want to continue to push the willingness to pay up and then take price so that the surplus for the consumer continues to be maintained and the customer stay super happy with us. And then I think you had a question about -- the second part was around the overall demand trends. I did comment a little bit about Europe being a bit weaker. But overall month-to-month there are some small shifts depending on different businesses, but we're not seeing a tidal wave change in any way.
Aman Bhutani: Thank you Christie. I'll just say thank you all for joining and a big thank you to all GoDaddy employees around the world for another solid quarter.
