Mark McCaffrey: Yes. Thanks, Matt. When we look at Q2 and bookings and kind of trade off in the second half of the year, a couple of things to consider: one, -- we have FX that will be abating. We have pricing increases that we did towards the end of the quarter, which should help with our bookings and somewhat revenue into this year. Obviously, the aftermarket compares get better going into Q4. And now that we've completed some of our migrations to the core GoDaddy stack, we should see start -- some of those start to abate as we get through the half year.  So that gives us the confidence that we will have that accelerating growth rate as we get through the remainder of this year. That, coupled with some of the demand we're seeing at the front of the funnel with customers coming in, attaching new products faster. Our retention rates remaining strong and the momentum we have in application commerce, we feel good about that momentum coming out of Q4 and going into 2024.
Mark McCaffrey: I'll start with the application commerce. We can continue to -- sorry, we continue to see strong momentum in the front of the tunnel and customer bundling payments and choosing payments are coming through with websites really happy and excited about that attach and that bundling that's happening at the front of the funnel. Again, I alluded to, we have really strong net gross customer adds coming in and they're getting to that bundled product quicker with that, that gets us to higher retention rates. That, coupled with some pricing increases we're doing at the back half of Q2, where we did at the back half of Q2 should start to show up in applications and comments as we go.  Also seeing great momentum on the conversion. We've talked about it previously, but our existing customers converting over to the GoDaddy payments. That motion is well in work, and we're seeing that AGV grow as we go out throughout the year. On the margin expansion, we had about 25%. We're forecasting to get up 28%. We have a couple of things going on there. We're seeing greater marketing efficiency, which is helping us. We are really starting to see the benefits of moving into the cloud. We're seeing the cost efficiencies that are coming with more workloads and that are really starting to take hold as we hit certain milestones throughout the year.  We also had the restructuring in Q2. And some of that will gain steam as we go into the back half of the year and overall momentum as we go through there. So, we have a lot of, I would say, moving parts that are all pointing in the same direction that make us feel good about expanding our margins while expanding our growth rate as well through applications of coverage.
Mark McCaffrey: Thanks, Trevor. I'll start with the aftermarket and the core platform. We really saw underperformed this quarter. We've grown a $400 million business there over a number of years. We saw a lot of growth back half of '21 coming into '22. So, no doubt we have compares. But as we've talked previously, the larger transactions and the valuations on them have abated. We're seeing the volumes slowing growth as well coming on Q2. And to put it in perspective, we're seeing great demand and gross ads within our funnel, but it seems the valuations on the aftermarket still are connecting with the buyers.  So, we're seeing them lean towards the domain growth. And we think this is a normalization for now. I think we -- we've taken it out of our back half of the year expectations, and we think this is going to be a low to mid-single-digit growth business going forward. So, I would really point to the aftermarket on this as being part.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. Naved, thanks. We're excited on our Investor Day coming up in the first quarter, and we'll get more into the details of what we'll look like. We're really excited about our margin expansion going into Q4, the 28%, if we look back to the Q4 in 2021, we've increased our margins by 300 basis points. Even year-over-year, we get to the same 300 basis points. So, it's something we continue to work on. We continue to find efficiencies in our operation, and we'll continue to push margin growth going into 2024. At the same time, we're accelerating revenue and hitting our cash flow objectives well.  So, I don't want to give you too much of a leading what 2024 is going to look like, but we're really excited about our progress, the work we've done in the first half of the year and how that's going to benefit us in the back half of the year and then ultimately into 2024.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. Thanks. And try not to peg a specific timetable here as we're getting into the back half of the year. We'll talk more about it later. But when we look at the full-year guide this year and we kind of look at the impact of FX, the difficult aftermarket compares and migrations and divestitures we're doing -- they will start to abate into the fourth quarter and continue to abate and turn into tailwinds as we go through 2024. Not trying to pick a quarter on anything right now. We'll talk more about that later in the year. But the momentum has us accelerating revenue as we go through units.
Mark McCaffrey: And if I could just add to that and to clarify, we -- while we look out in '24, we are reaffirming our guidance for 2023 in the range for revenue just FYI [ph].
Mark McCaffrey: And we'd always said the impact on 2024 was -- sorry, 2023 is going to be minimal, and we would start to see the momentum of that going into 2024, which again adds very excitement about that momentum.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. And I'll add on applications comments in general, where we're really excited is strong gross customer adds are coming in and coming stronger than we've seen in a long time. Not only are they coming into the funnel, they are getting to that second product -- and whether it's payable domains, whether it's payments, whether it's commerce, whether it's wet like marketing, they're bundling those together at the initial stages. We think the digital guide will also accelerate that as that starts to at faster rate.  But when that happens, when like man said, when we get to that second product, that third product, we get to a third product attached, generally, we find we have a customer for life, and that really drives the all this because the decisions around it are being made faster on the top of the funnel, help us get there faster and drive that LTV equation. Obviously, it helps to -- with our cash flow, and it helps us be more efficient because we're getting greater revenue prices or getting better revenue and a better efficient operating margin as well.  So, we feel really good about all that happening in the applications and commerce. It's really driving a lot of momentum. We have that on top of the hardware sales that we are seeing that are driving that momentum as well, a lot of positivity coming right? And it all starts with the domain and innovating in the demand.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. And I'll just add to that. What we really like about the gross ads coming in is they are customers that have a higher propensity to want to do business and therefore, are attaching a lot faster. And on the churn on the other hand, we are losing the migration and lifting of some of these products. But that relates to what we refer to as [indiscernible] customers that weren't growing the business for necessarily using the functionality. And therefore, we're trading in a good direction as we get to those net ads. 
Mark McCaffrey: I'll add one of the distinctions we have is from identity to presence, to commerce, we have the entire technology set. So, when we use generative AI, we could take it across their entire journey, and we start with the domain, and that makes that journey faster gets us the bundling faster, gets us to customers for life for us, and driving LTV into our financials. So, we're really excited about it. But one of the great distinctions is we have the entire technology stack around it to use they are around.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. I don't think we've gotten into the magnitude of breaking down pricing by each of the different components of it. I'll give it a little color. I think last year, we focused mostly on pricing increases around renewals. This year, we're doing it on new as well as renewals. So, I would say than we did last year. Obviously, our priority is always retention rates in sticking with -- but we took those pricing increases at the end of Q2, and we should start to see them materialize as we go throughout the year.
Aman Bhutani: Thanks, Matt. Yes, we plan to roll it out to the existing base as well. The digital is about literally a guide that works for a customer, even when the customer is sleeping. So even with the base, the guy will be able to offer or create new offerings for them. So, it will start with new, just like a lot of other products do, but you'll see us quickly take it to the base as well.
Aman Bhutani: And Trevor, on the digital guide, we couldn't be more excited about bearing a guide with every domain purchase and letting that digital guide the customer just like we do in care. We've done a phenomenal job in care over the last few years by sort of creating leverage on the Care line item as revenue grew, we get costs pretty flat. And it's a little early to be talking about the impacts of AI. But overall, we do see leading to efficiencies in our business overall. And frankly, we've already showed that in Marketing, where by implementing machine learning, we're able to make our spend more and more efficient. And we've been seeing the results of that over the last year already.
Aman Bhutani: And if I could just add, Long term, we're excited about the path to accelerating growth because it's based on the simple idea that create products that can lead the customer through the entrepreneur’s wheel, which you remember is about leading them through identity to presence to commerce really creates a flywheel for the company. our technology has improved in a very significant way. That leads to greater attach, not just for new customers for our base as well. That involves identifying a customer that is most connecting and reaching out and engaging the customer and then closing the customer.  Of course, you've seen us do it successfully with e-mail over the last three years, four years where that business has product business has performed very well for us. And now you're seeing it us do it with the OmniCommerce solution as well where a GPV has grown nicely, and we can clearly see that we have a ton of customers in our base that would love that product from us.  So, at the core, our path to long-term path to accelerating growth is about innovation in the product. It's creating value for the customer that leads to monetization opportunities like attach like pricing and strong retention that come together to sort of give us the confidence we're sharing with you about the positive momentum in our business, and that's what we believe will drive long-term shareholder value for years and years to come.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. GMV growing as a function of sort of the macro to start with. We are seeing more of our existing customers transact more with the solutions they have. To remind you, a lot of our GMV is a function of the relationship we have through the bank. So, it's a different financial model for us, but it gives us a great barometer. It gets our product out there. We get to see sort of what's happening in the world. So, we are very happy with the growth and it basically signifies more and more people using the GoDaddy solutions for their businesses, both off-line and in store 
Aman Bhutani: Partnership is doing great. We have launched the product with them. We have a set of customers that are using our new solutions, still very early since we're only about a month in, I think, from the launch. So, it's still pretty early, but very happy with the progress. I dare say that our partners are pretty excited about the progress too. And I think they can't wait to get out there and sell it more and we can't wait to see those customers.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. I'll maybe let Mark talk at on commerce and sort of payable domain, I'd probably say it's still very early and OmniCommerce is pretty big. But let me sort of step back and answer your question around what's driving the growth of payable domains. Obviously, you're very aware, we have 21 million customers. We have 84 million domains under management. We have a ton of opportunity to attach this new and unique product. That's why you hear the excitement from me on it on a continuous basis. And of course, the math adds up very quickly, the more customers we can get on it. The biggest drivers over the last quarter for payable domains is we started to really surface payroll domain in the journey and engagement that happy with us because it's still a new concept for people. Our customers don't automatically understand that they've brought the domain and with a couple of clicks, they can start taking payments. So, we found better ways to guide the customer through that path, get them live with the capability. And what we find is once we get them live with that capability, sure enough, they start to transact, right? And you know our overall math in terms of retention rate. We have -- if we have one product with a customer, they tend to retain sort of mid-80s. If we have two, it jumps. If we have three products with a customer, we pretty much have a customer for life.  And the LTV also goes to 80x, 83x once they have commenced with us. So, all of that math is working, but it's dependent on us getting more people to adopt this product, and that's what you started to see in Q2, when more people saw the product go, I didn't know this was there. Let me add it. Let me start using it, and that's what sort of created the quick, if you will, double-digit month-over-month growth in the GPV. Hopefully, that makes sense.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. Happy to give a bit of color on domains. Obviously, I think you probably saw already domains under management for GoDaddy grew. So definitely, we're doing well on units as well. And to sort of explain a little bit where -- as Mark said, we're seeing better traffic and demand coming to our site. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, some of that is because of our focus in search engine marketing and us significantly improving our abilities to spend money and search and convert those customers.  So, we're very happy with that as well. And one other maybe mentions to mention to you is that we've continued to grow well internationally. As Mark shared, we grew 6% internationally on a reported basis, 3% constant currency, 6%. And the product we lead with internationally is domains, right? Domains is the number one thing we sell in small markets around the world, we have customers in over 100 markets.  So, it's the combination of those things that I would say that are leading to the best results for us. And our Domains business is broader than any other one particular registry business. You mentioned that yourself, and that's absolutely true. We're the market leader. We have a diverse set of assets within the domains business. We've continued to innovate in many of those areas. And the key pieces where we see good returns this we'll be very efficient in marketing and search, grow the dumps, grow the customers, get customers to the stick, can work them while attach products to them, which obviously isn't what you're asking about, but attach rate products to them and do it around the world really well. Hopefully, that's a bit helpful.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. Yes. So, gross ads were strong for us, and it was on efficient marketing spend. And I did highlight in the prepared remarks, and I think you repeated that which is that search was a strong contributor to that. And what I added to that is that it's not just search in the U.S., it's search globally. That did a really good job sort of delivering for us.  But it's not a search alone. We have been focused on improving our marketing, the targeting of our migraine, and the measurement of our marketing over the last couple of years. I think we've talked about it multiple different times has been an important priority for us. And what we're seeing as a result is more people show up to the website, right? More people going through the funnel better.  I think one of the things I've talked about, and I don't know if this is what you're asking about. But One of the things in the past that I've talked about is that we have shifted as a company, and we are very much an experimentation-based culture now. teams go out and they try different things and then measure closely whether there's a conversion improvement or not. And that, of course, helps as well, right, where when we land better traffic and conversion is up on the site, that delivers better for us. Whereas in the past, maybe years ago, we may have relied on a combination of the site and care more, what we find now is that the site performs really well. And that's a great way for us to attract gross ads, and we're pretty happy with that result.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. And we'll provide more color on this at Investor Day for sure, to talk about how website share is shifting. And overall, I think there was -- if we look at the last few quarters, there's more pressure on world press at least from what we saw then, if you go back many years. But taking a longer-term view, the share is still coming from custom HTML sites. That is what is reducing. And there is sort of growing demand and obviously, the new demand goes more towards the newer tools that exist, right, you find that's easier and easier for customers to build sites themselves and get started.  Like our two websites for marketing does a fantastic job of that. You see us at GoDaddy with the digital guy taking the next step. We we're telling you today, and we'll show it to you live with testing with customers. We'll show you live in November in Tempe. How -- when a customer buys a domain, how they behave differently instead of just a domain, you give them a website and get them started. Because the friction for a customer to make another decision and then create content and then do another thing is pretty difficult.  But of course, technology has made this easier and easier over time and now generative AI allows our industry to take the next step in terms of reducing the effort that customers have to do to get started. So, I think you're going to continue to see the momentum. Of course, there are secular trends underneath of entrepreneurship, population, people coming to the Internet. But what how quickly they're able to adopt the tools on the Internet and get a presence up and running, I think you'll continue to see good momentum in that because technology and generative AI now are going to make a real difference.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. Let me take the domains piece first. And then, Mark, if you want to touch on the pricing or I can touch on that to Peter. On the Google domain space, the way we look at it, Navid, is that anytime there's a transition like this, there's a disruption in the customer experience or flow. Customers tend to put their heads up and they'll look at what other options might exist for them.  And given our brand awareness and leadership position in the world of domains, given the care we provide given our high transactional NPS, and just sort of broad understanding from a very large number of people what GoDaddy brings to the table. And the more we attach to that bundle with that domain, I think we're positioned very well to see if some disruption happens that we're there and it's advantageous to us, right? In terms of beyond. But I think our goal is to just do a fantastic job delivering, providing customer’s great products. And we think we're doing a good job at attracting customers, we're growing down. And I mean, maybe the way to say it is we were the leader in the mains when Google came into the business and we're a leader in domains when Google is leading the business. So, we're okay with that. And then on the AMC pricing, I assume the question is to website plus marketing pricing? I think.
Aman Bhutani: Thank you, Christie, and I'll just end by thanking all the GoDaddy employees for another good quarter. And just to remind all of our Anderson shareholders where -- we're super excited about the products we're bringing to market. We're super excited about attaching into our base that we've demonstrated with e-mail and are demonstrating with commerce now. We're super excited about the trajectory we have going into Q3 and Q4. Ending the year at accelerating growth and strong margin, setting up next year really well. I look forward to the next call. Thank you very much.
Unidentified Analyst: This is John Ben for Brent Thill. First question GMV had pretty good growth accelerate 20% year-over-year and also up 18% sequentially. Just wondering what might have be some of the drivers? I mean, are you seeing any sort of improvement in macro and GMV per customer? Or is it just better attached, if you could parse that, that would be great.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, guys. This is Alex on for Mark. Just a question on payable domains. So last quarter, you characterized contribution is modest, and it sounds like there was meaningful performance in 2Q from payable domains. Just curious if you could perhaps discuss what was the most meaningful driver for that -- for the outperformance in applications in commerce or whether or not payable domains as a material driver of that.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Christian Kentaro on for the listed quarter. I wanted to ask around the macro and kind of how it's changed Q2 versus Q1. And then the second question would be around the digital guide. Are these capabilities kind of like table six for the industry? Or how do you think about your ability to drive your differentiation in AI against your web-building competitors? Thank you.
Unidentified Analyst: Maybe one other quick thing I'll add is that I think we learned last year that having people see and demo working functionality to them that customers can see is very powerful. So, I would invite all of you, and I know many of you joined. So, I would invite all of you to Tempe in November. So, you can do it yourself with us, demoing it without showing you what that experience is for our customers. And then I think it will sort of illuminate the idea in a much better way.
Ygal Arounian: I'm not re-asking this, but I want to start on domains. We continue to kind of see some, let's say, challenging growth from [indiscernible]. I know you guys are involved in, and other TLDs two, which if there's interesting things to point out about that, we'd love to hear. But just maybe just some of what you're seeing around that expectations for when that can start to normalize, how that's impacting the aftermarket? And then a really interesting comment about channel partners who are pushing more on ARPU than they were on new users. And I don't know if there's something to comment around that? Do you think that, that's having an impact? You guys have a big hand in both sides. So, would love to hear your view on that.
Ygal Arounian: Yes. That's really helpful. And so maybe to segue, I think it's similar. I don't know. A lot of the answers might actually be an overlap. But if there's anything incremental to add. So, just on the gross top of the funnel, gross adds commentary, which feels really strong. And I know you have some noise in your in the new customer number, I believe, still ongoing with some of the sunsetting of the brands. Is there any way to parse out that?  And then what -- is it -- to your point, when you talk about with the SEM work that you're doing that's driving that strength in the top of funnel with domains. Even if your domains under management grew, demand is kind of like, let's say, collectively still soft your commentary around the really strong top of the funnel, I think, stands out. So, I wanted to maybe understand that a little bit better. Thank you. 
Ygal Arounian: Yes. Okay. So, then this is all super helpful. I love this color. So, you and your peers on the kind of closed-end platforms seem to be all driving efficient marketing spend that's bringing more share were really across the board. And then going back and tying that back into the kind of, let's just say, flattish domains globally, right? It feels like your space is taking a lot of the share of the web-building ecosystem. Is that a fair characterization? And where do you see the share coming from? I think we talked about World Press in the past and maybe you could just help on that. Thanks.
