Blake Irving: Yes. Deepak, this is Blake. I'll answer your first question and hand it over to Scott for the second. The web pro strategy is a set of tools that allows a web pro to manage customers on the GoDaddy platform with a variety of different products. The different products range from a Managed WordPress product all the way to a fully dedicated server, whether being on a Linux platform or a Windows platform. The Managed WordPress product is one of the products in the developer or designer's portfolio that they can offer their customers and use the web pro tools that we've delivered to manage them on their customers' behalf, being able to actually buy things on the customers' behalf or be able to have the customer buy them themselves and allow the web pro to actually work on them as a delegate of their accounts. So it's a powerful set of tools, and we look at a web pro not just as a customer but also as a channel. And those new web pros will bring in new small business customers to us to allow us to service them as a customer with delegation capabilities so they can manage that small business customer's account. We know that 60% of small businesses today have somebody build their websites for them, and it's an incredible important channel for us and some really powerful tools to enable them to do their best work. 
Blake Irving: Yes. Gene, this is Blake. So our overall strategy is to make sure that we have the best tools available to find the exact right match for a customer who's searching for a particular domain name. And that means strategically, not only providing names that are in the primary market of unclaimed domain names, but also in the secondary market of names that have already been claimed. And we thought that the Marchex portfolio actually had a lot of names that were frankly very desirable, and we've seen demand for them. And Scott mentioned earlier in the release, we actually get to see search terms that come through in our search dialog box in our metrics. So we have a pretty good sense for what people find interesting and we thought there was a great match from our customers on what they were looking for and what was in that domain portfolio. So strategically, it matched our desire for primary and secondary market mix and increasing our inventories so we can match exactly what a customer wants. 
Blake Irving: We -- one of our tenets strategically has been to combine those and make a very -- make it incredibly easy for finding a customer the perfect domain name for them. And if you're going to do a great job at that, you have to do a wonderful job mixing the primary and secondary markets, which is what we're doing and where we're making some significant investment. 
Blake Irving: Yes, so thanks, Ignatius. So our development on mobile has been primarily and will continue to be primarily a web-based mobile development platform. The thing that's very clear of what small businesses will tell you is that they want to develop a web presence, and they want to do it once. And they want that to be adaptable and readable and beautiful on mobile devices of varying screen sizes. What they don't want to do is actually have to go develop an application specifically for an iOS device or an Android device or a third possible device, whether it be a Windows phone or something else. They would like to make sure that their website, if they designed it specifically for a mobile device, shows up beautifully on a PC and vice versa. So the tools that we have been building are focused on making sure small businesses would show up wonderfully on handsets, on tablets and on PCs. As far as our e-commerce for our own business, you'll see us increasingly start focusing on making it incredibly simple for people to buy and manage their products from GoDaddy on mobile devices. I'll give you one example. We have a GoDaddy domain finder that is a native app, that has some hybrid web capability in it. And it is incredibly simple to find the perfect domain name for you, and honestly, I even consider it to be just a darn fun application to use when you're looking for a domain name. And it can use all the things that a phone has that are contextual, like location and movement, et cetera. So I think that's a good example of directionally of where we're going with our mobile devices across the entire product line, not just website-building, but hosting and our e-commerce work. 
Blake Irving: Brian, this is Blake. It's remarkable how similar the characteristics are and homogenous they are across the countries in which we've entered. We're finding that the dynamics of, "I get a great name, I attach something to it and I'll get an email to run my back office," are almost identical to the United States. So the ARPU we're seeing across global markets today are very similar to what we've modeled in the U.S., and we have not seen any different or unusual purchase patterns where the entry point is considerably different than it has been in the U.S. And that said, we still, to this day, have not launched every single product we have in our portfolio internationally, so there is an opportunity for us to see a differing dynamic going forward over the course of the next quarters. But I think so far, we've seen almost identical behavior in international markets to the U.S. market. 
Blake Irving: I can't be specific, Mark, but we had a number of things that we're working on that we think can help solve the auto-renew problem. And understand that auto-renew is flatout illegal in some places. So geographically, as you point out, there are some very specific issues with it. We have been -- we actually have some things that weigh heavily in our favor, like having a care organization that can call individuals and manage that. But even then, there are some laws against even contacting folks. Still, with that said, our retention globally is actually very, very good. So we see retention and renewal rates very similar to what we see in the U.S. and feel good about them, but we do believe that there are some things technically we can do that can help us do a better job, making sure folks are aware that their products are up for renewal, which is probably one of the biggest issues I think subscribers -- subscribing businesses have outside of the U.S. today. 
Blake Irving: Hi, everyone. Hey, thanks. This is Blake. I just wanted a -- one last very quick call out. Thank you, all, for joining us today on our first quarterly earnings report, and we look forward to talking with you next quarter. So thanks a bunch for spending the time with us today. 
Scott Wagner: Yes, this is Scott. Thanks, Deepak. I'll take the second question, and thanks for that. And it's a good notice. Term has or effective term has been shortening a bit, not only in the first quarter but really for the last several. And that's 2 things. One is product mix has a little bit to do it, but we've also been shortening our term lengths a bit, which has really been just selectively reducing long-term discounts for high-renewing products and again, managing the business over a lifetime value relationship. And so we don't really manage for term, but again, as you can see, the terms has been shortening a little bit, really, as we focus on long-term value in reducing some of those long-term marketing tactics. 
Scott Wagner: Yes, thanks, Mark, it's Scott. So we're localized in Latin America and Europe right now. And as mentioned, we're going to go into Asia late this year and certainly, throughout 2016. And from a marketing standpoint, if you look at the marketing line specifically, you will see that on a year-over-year basis, we're spending a little bit more. And look, that reflects our continued buildup of markets geographically. And as mentioned, we're managing each of these markets on an LTV-to-CAC ratio and we get really attractive returns. And so we're going to continue to manage and feed out these markets based on that ratio and the success that we have. 
Scott Wagner: Sterling, it's Scott. This is -- 13.1 million customers, right, it's a base that is hard to move in dramatic differences. And I think the pacing that you saw in the quarter follows a trajectory. And honestly, I wouldn't counsel you to think about the trajectory or pacing all that differently than what we did in the first quarter. Look, and I think at a higher level, I think the pacing of spend is really just part of our overall goal of delivering good top line and bottom line performance. We're managing the business so that in the next couple of quarters, you'll see us really probably feeding out these go-to-market expense lines a little more, whereas if we go back a couple of quarters, you'll notice a lot of our relative spend and investment was in technology and development. So what you're seeing now is really the go-to-market effort around those things. But the important thing is that they're working in harmony, and we're delivering good flow through to the bottom line. 
Scott Wagner: I think you'll see no dramatic differences, Sterling. But if you look over the last 8 quarters, obviously, you're seeing ARPU and ARPU continue to grow and attachment grow. And this quarter, I think, in the results are just indicative of that strategy in action. Whereas we innovate in our product portfolio and we continue to get both elegant and sophisticated against the touch points, we're seeing attachment and adoption of these services go up, which is ultimately showing up in ARPU. 
Scott Wagner: And I'll add one point, Brian, to your question. The CPAs, on a media basis, between the international and domestic, are very similar. So on -- and each markets have different profiles and we manage them on a localized basis, but U.S. versus non-U.S. markets of CPAs are pretty darn similar. 
Scott Wagner: Thanks, Brian, it's Scott. So if you look at, on a bookings basis, and I'll talk about revenue, Q4 and Q1, were organic. So on a trajectory basis, those 2 are pretty pure. And if you look at our '15 guidance, you can see approximately 15% revenue growth, which I think reflects on ongoing organic rate. Yes, just for the quarter, if you think about that '15 full year versus the first one, in Q1, there was approximately 150 basis points of purchase accounting that impacted us in Q1. 
Scott Wagner: Thanks, Mark. Not really. So I mean, I think bookings just reflects the same trajectory of both balance and growth internationally as well as the product lines. There isn't anything in the quarter relative to bookings that would give you any different feel for the business than the breakouts either by product or geography that we shared. I would say one thing that's helpful though. In bookings, obviously, we, like everybody else in the world, have been affected by the strong dollar. Our bookings line in Q1 had a shade over 200 basis points of currency headwind. And so again, if you're thinking about the pacing of bookings in Q4 to Q1 being pure organic numbers, obviously, FX hit us like just about every other USD business that operates globally in Q1. Again, our guidance incorporates where we stand at an FX basis going forward. 
Scott Wagner: Yes, it's Scott. Thanks, Jason. Look, I think what you're seeing is a continued increase into our international markets. And now as we've added both products, whether it be Online O 365 or Email Marketing or new Online Store, we are both experimenting and feeding out more product-specific efforts on things that are non-domain related. And as we develop experiences for segments like the Pro, there's marketing dollars that are feeding behind those introductions. And again, like everything we do here, we test and learn, and the things that continue to work, we're going to feed them out. And look, I think it's important for everybody to realize that as we look at the full year, obviously, Blake mentioned that we're going to -- we're stopping our NASCAR sponsorship at the end of this year. That amount and that activity is still going on, and we're basically trialing, experimenting and feeding out some of these new growth areas while we're still carrying the full efforts and marketing spend of a NASCAR sponsorship through this year. 
Scott Wagner: Again, we're managing this on the LTV-to-CAC ratio, so -- and know that when we find good spots to spend marketing dollars, we're going to spend it and then it will deliver great long-term value for the franchise. 
