Scott Wagner: Yes, great. Mark, it's Scott. Thanks. So 2 housekeeping items. First, FX. Last quarter, we described to everybody that our bookings had about 200 basis points of FX impact. And then, the currency markets really haven't changed all that much, and that's about the year-over-year impact that we saw in the second quarter as well. Now our bookings overall of 16% had that headwind in it, so we feel really good about how bookings fell in the quarter, particularly relative to, still, where currencies sit. So that's one. And second, in terms of Business Apps, it's all organic. So the 51% is just continued trajectory in the business, and it's all organic. In terms of C3 and our care improvements, we are investing in a couple of things now, which we're particularly excited about. One of which is a best-in-class CRM system that's going to provide our agents with a true realtime view of what's happening with our customers across all aspects of their environment, and even things that they do online that may be outside of GoDaddy. This is in pilot mode right now, and we're excited about  what it means for our customers, and that will continue to roll out in the coming quarters. And all of our time tool set has really improved both call response times, satisfaction and other quality-of-service metrics that have been great. And from a business side, I think we've mentioned before that care is also a channel that delivers bookings as well, and the team continues to perform really well on those numbers. 
Scott Wagner: Yes. Hey, it's Scott, Deepak. Yes, I mean, ARPU was up 8.6% this quarter. It was a shade over 9% last quarter. It's nice trajectory. And really, you're looking at just continued growth in Hosting and Presence and Business Apps. I mean, it would be -- it'd almost be misleading to point out any one particular product. It's really the growth across both of these -- those 2 segments and, obviously, the subsegments underneath them, whether it be Managed WordPress or Office 365 or some of the more sophisticated hosting offerings. I could rattle off, sort of -- I did 3, I could rattle off 7 more, and all of which contribute. And I think the headline for everybody on the call would be, the ARPU gains are really just a reflection of the product innovation and the product strategy that's been underway for probably the last couple of years. 
Scott Wagner: Yes, so it was immaterial in the quarter. So we closed that in the second quarter, it was immaterial for the quarter. What we did see, though, and the reason that we even did and -- did the Marchex deal was that we're big believers, over the long term, of the ability and potential in the aftermarket, which is to merchandise names in a liquid fashion for -- that are already held, and obviously, this was a portfolio of names that were really unavailable on the market. And when we merchandised these names, we saw nice activity across our entire aftermarket business for the quarter. This was just one element that had domains revenue growing 10% year-over-year, which was basically about what we did in the first quarter, too. 
Scott Wagner: Yes, I mean, our organic trajectories did really good. I think, Jason, you framed it as, boy, there's opportunities, they're out there, it's just we've got a high bar for success. We'll do -- when we do stuff, it's going to be because it's adding real value and distinctiveness for our customer experience, but we've got a pretty high bar on the inorganic stuff. 
Scott Wagner: Yes. And your second question on growth rate and trajectory on Apps, it -- we will -- absolutely, that growth rate will end up tapering and slowing. And it's -- it gave up a couple points versus the first quarter, from 53% to 51%. We've already lapped the Office 365 introduction, and there's nothing in the next quarter or 2 that's going to cause a dramatic cliff in the growth rate. But you should expect that area and product segment to continue to slow. We think GEM, and then, plus other category extensions and things that we can do, we'll try to keep that growth growing and push it up, so. 
Scott Wagner: Yes, Brian. I think, CAC, probably not dramatic fluctuations in rev rec, as you posited it. So you're  not going to see huge swings on a quarter-over-quarter basis. As I said earlier, we should expect CAC spend to go up on average, particularly as we get smarter about targeting high-value segments like Pros or other attributes of small businesses that have higher propensity to spend. And so what you're seeing on our marketing is more dollars aiming at those higher-value subsegments, and over time, that could push CAC up. But it's not going to be dramatic swings. That'll be an evolution and a flow, and that'll happen on a measured basis. And the most important point being that, that's not happening in isolation. It's that we're actually going -- not only finding customers, but we're attaching more things to customers, and the spending profile and the margin profile are going up as well. So we're doing all this while still maintaining an attractive ratio. 
Scott Wagner: Sterling, we feel good about where the guidance is and looking forward in the second half, and it's something -- even with FX headwind, as I've said before, that we're incorporating that into our guidance, and we just think that it's prudent with our guidance to have worries right now. Again, I would mention, obviously, we're lifting our EBITDA guidance, and the performance has been really solid there, and we feel very comfortable with the meaningful step-up in EBITDA guidance that we just put forward. 
Scott Wagner: Not meaningful, Sterling, both relative to the U.S. and across the markets. There's distinction without a difference as you get into certain markets, but it's relatively similar. 
Scott Wagner: More way back when. If you look at international, I think we've said this before, there is a lifetime value difference in international. It's probably 10% to 15% less than the U.S., and that's ARPU-driven. And some of that is price sensitivity in more developed markets, and then, some of it is just a less fulsome attachment of some of the other services and just the relative use of the customer base. So punchline is, international ARPU is less than that in the states, but it's not a meaningful difference, it's 10% to 15%. 
Scott Wagner: It's Scott, Mark. Look, if we think about a geography in our Tier 1 markets, we will enter that geography with a mix that has both brand awareness and direct spend, but it's single-digit millions of dollars, and that's a entry into a market. And so take India or the U.K. or Canada, we're on the back end of that investment. And what we've seen is that, again, a relatively modest amount of marketing spend, measured in the single millions of dollars, has created an activation in customer growth that's been a terrific return. So I think what that means, relative to how you framed your question was, we don't necessarily need to go replicate the NASCAR sponsorship or a Super Bowl venue to enter a market in localized form and get a big uptick, not only in awareness and attention in the market, but more importantly, our customer and financial metrics. 
Blake Irving: Sure. Thanks, Deepak. Okay. Yes, this is Blake. So what we've seen in -- the new GoDaddy Pro features enable a developer or a designer to have a relationship with their customer and actually see it the way that their customers' sites are performing. So they can buy on a customer's behalf, they can manage the customer's cart, they can see how their website is performing, and instead of being called by a customer and told that, "Hey, my website's down," they actually can make the phone call to a customer and say, "I've noticed you have a problem, I'd like to go solve it for you." Or if you're -- you have a WordPress plug-in that's not performing for some reason, they can follow on that with the customer. That -- we have 2 features. One's called delegation, the other is monitoring. Those are the 2 features that are the ones that are strongly differentiated in the marketplace and are having a lot of pull with these guys. We have, of those tens of thousands, we've seen thousands of folks that are new customers for us, and we're starting to see an increasing number of customers of theirs show up on the platform. So we're pleased with results. It's not a service that we pay for, it's a service -- or the developers pay for, it's a service that provides them value in some of the top critical issues they have that we're solving on their behalf. 
Blake Irving: Jason, this is Blake. So on your M&A question, so we continually make -- well, I'll just call it, make buy partner decisions on areas that we think our customers are demanding or we believe will benefit them. And those exist in, whether it's Domains, whether it's in the Presence and Hosting business or whether it's in the Business Applications business, customers are pretty clear with us what's important to them, and we keep an eye on the market carefully. We talk to a lot of companies, as I know you know. We've acquired -- been pretty acquisitive and have acquired 9 companies over the last 24 months or so. So we are looking in areas that we think, frankly, matter to our customers in both Presence and Hosting business, the Business Apps business, and as well as international, too. So I think, without getting any more specific than that, I think that kind of covers where we're -- what we're thinking. 
Blake Irving: Mark. This is Blake. Scott and I are going to riff back and forth on this one. So margins on the 3 product segment. The first, which is Domains, we're  roughly in the high 30s. And both in Hosting and Presence and Business Applications, they're what you'd expect from a software business, so they're typical software margins, whether it's on GEM or whether it's on O-365. 
Blake Irving: Yes, and just building on Scott's comment, renewal on O 365, very strong. And when -- we've integrated that -- you heard Scott and I both talk about integration of Office 365 and GEM into the Website Builder product, and frankly, we're seeing greater activation and usage. So even while the -- we've lapped those -- we've lapped that introduction. We're seeing, what I'd really call, still really good growth in that segment, and I anticipate it to continue to be good. 
Blake Irving: Ron, this is Blake. Look, we I think you accurately point out that we've spent -- we had an increase in spend in -- like earlier in T&D, but -- and we're up some 7% year-over-year. I'll say this, the investments that we made years ago, and you always -- when you're making technology investments, you always have sort of a trailing result of those. So what we're seeing now is the investments that we made over the last 24 months are actually starting to benefit the business. And you heard Scott and I both talk about the -- both of us talk about the uplift in platform capability across everything that we've been rolling out, whether it's front of site, whether it's our customer care organization, the integration from other products across the board. So we continue to invest in engineering talent, particularly in both product applications and product teams. We're getting, frankly, good savings in our global infrastructure, and we've actually had, I guess, I'd characterize it, as a shift from spending a lot on IT infrastructure to being able to spend on talent. So you're seeing the numbers not increase, but the balance of how we're spending that T&D spend is quite different, and it's on talent. And we have, frankly, been extremely successful in acquiring talent in our locations in Sunnyvale, San Francisco, Seattle, Cambridge Massachusetts, and we're feeling good about the investments we made and what they're going to yield in the future. 
Blake Irving: I'd say no. And I think, the thing to point out that's most important is GoDaddy Pro is very new, right? So we're seeing very good success with it initially. But 50% of small businesses today rely on a professional developer to build a website for them, to develop a web presence for them, and I think that we -- this is not an area that we've been strong in over the last many years. And the products have improved, the quality, the performance across dedicated, managed -- our Managed WordPress products, I think we've seen a considerable improvement there, and it's being noted by developers, so we're starting to see them come on. Now the fact that we've actually localized products in GoDaddy Pro for other markets is something that's unique and new. So I think that, that also has some large pull-through for us. 
Blake Irving: And this is Blake, Sterling. One other thing I'd point out that is different, if you think about GoDaddy years and years ago, the product portfolio is much more full today than it was a long while ago, and the quality and performance of those products have changed pretty dramatically over the last 2.5, 3 years. So that notably has a competitive product set that's easy to acquire. That on-ramp of domains matters a lot, and we've just made it incredibly simple for somebody to take that next step, either say I'm going to go build a website for myself or I'm going to have a professional developer do it for me. And we've made the services for that professional developer matter a lot more, too. So it's just a different evolution in the company, and so we've made it easier to acquire products. 
Blake Irving: Great. Well, okay, this is Blake. I just wanted to thank all of you for joining us on our second quarter earnings report out, and I look forward to talking to you a quarter from now in our next release.  Thanks, everyone. 
