Aman Bhutani: Thank you, Mark, and thank you all for joining us today. GoDaddy exists to empower Everyday Entrepreneurs. We remain committed to a vision that can change the world, and radically shift the global economy in favor of small business. The internet has emerged as the greatest technological equalizer and every day more entrepreneurs are seizing that promised opportunity and making their own way. And we are thrilled to support them in their journey. Today, we are also pleased to announce that Michele Lau and Mark McCaffrey will be joining GoDaddy as our new Chief Legal Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively. As we charge down the path of growth, Michele and Mark bring scale and experience to our already strong leadership team. Michele joins us from McKesson where she advises its board and senior executives on strategic matters related to M&A, corporate strategy, executive compensation, corporate governance, the McKesson Foundation and so much more. She co-chairs the National Asian Pacific Bar Association’s In-House Counsel Mentoring Program and serves on the board of directors of the Asian Pacific Fund. Michele is talented and humble, experienced and curious, a strong cultural fit and will no doubt take us to the next level. Mark joins us from PWC where he led the U.S. Technology, Media, and Telecom Sector. Mark is a visionary, and a strategic leader who has developed a breadth of expertise, not just in finance, but across all of software and technology. He is a thought leader in the industry, and brings the depth of understanding that GoDaddy needs to wisely invest and drive growth.  One of the things that appealed to me about Mark is that he has been a strategic partner, directly advising CEOs and CFOs of the world’s greatest tech companies, through important transitions. We are confident that Mark will be a fantastic addition to the strategic leadership of the company and together we will do great things. We wanted to take this opportunity to introduce Mark to you, here’s Mark 
Aman Bhutani: Hey, Sterling, this is Aman. Maybe I'll start and Ray can jump in. You know, the story here and of course, there's, you know, growth from the primary market, we're seeing sort of new demand customers coming in, but the outsized growth in the aftermarket as well, and there's good demand there. But the real story here is about innovation, right? We want to increase the pace of innovation at the company, we've put that energy into the domain side, and you're seeing the results of that, you know, as we continue to improve the product, we've seen more inventory, basically more domains going to the aftermarket. And on both sides, independence and domain investors, sort of taking advantage of that. You know, our view is that we'll continue to innovate, to look for opportunities, sort of on every [road], to improve the customer experience. And, you know, the innovation will continue to drive growth for the company. You know, in terms of sustainability, you know, we like to think that we're making changes that make the growth durable, but of course, you know, as we've said, before, that we started to see some goodness in Q4 of last year. So, we're going to have to continue to innovate to sort of continue to drive growth. So, I'll turn it to Ray to add a bit more color.
Aman Bhutani: Yeah, let me take the last bit of that first, this is Aman, Jan. In terms of the freemium rollout, we continue to be super happy with the rollout. Majority of customers in the U.S. are now seeing the freemium product. We are still gathering the last bits of data on it, but we are satisfied from a conversion standpoint that it is doing better than free trial, and it's going to be the way forward for us. Our path there, the next steps there will be about taking freemium into other English speaking markets, and then our other international markets. So that's, sort of the roadmap for freemium moving forward. And in terms of the comparison, year-over-years, I’ll turn it to Ray.
Aman Bhutani: And then, in terms of the feature set, Nick, you know, it's all about very, very quickly bringing features to market that create value for customers, that increases their engagement, that increases their customer success, right. That drives awareness – that success for them drives sort of the awareness of the product, not just with them, but with other people. And you know, the beautiful word of mouth that continues there.  But internally, what it does is that customer success leads to us being able to build an ecosystem of upsell, be able to build an ecosystem where they're able to adopt new and new capability, and we're able to offer them more. And then we're able to bring that success to, sort of earlier in the sales path where we can use that messaging in terms of confidence to say, you know, ex-percent of customers are using this, you should try to, you can get it with this starter package of websites plus marketing. Hopefully, that answers a little bit of, I think, the question that you were asking. And there's just a ton of opportunity for us to drive awareness about our product, you know, I look at a lot of research where customers are just surprised to see how simple and intuitive and kind of powerful websites plus marketing is for their needs, but they just didn't know that it existed or that it did [X, Y, Z] and us continuing to launch those features, you know, just makes it very, very big.  And then quick mention on the Pro side, you know, this is why we did the expand program. You know, we have a new editor in play for WordPress, we've launched the hub. And we've got to get word out there that GoDaddy is bringing to the table new feature set functionality, you know, a huge amount of it for free, that can really make life easier for the Pros. And you know, so far they're liking what they're seeing.
Aman Bhutani: Yeah, it's super early days. And, you know, I've mentioned a couple of metrics for some of the features, you know, where we have a little bit more data, and no doubt for things like boosted posts, and others. We'll see, I think, really, really good engagement from our customers on those. In terms of engagement with the hub, the 300,000 number comes from looking at our basic customers, as you know we have 1.5 million Pros on our platform, which is just a massive number. But to engage them at a much deeper level, you know our – what we did is we segmented those customers.  And we said, look, here are the types of sub segments within those that could really benefit from a tool like the hub, and those are the customers we're targeting, you're going to see us, sort of reach out to them with sort of innovative marketing solutions, that bring them to the hub that allow them to try tools and then sort of add value to it every week, literally every week, every other week we put something out there.  So that, you know, if you go to the hub today, for example, you know, one of the things we have out there is more data for them for their websites that we're capturing, and you'll see some data set, and then you'll see right in front of it coming soon, you know, on the next thing. So that they, they feel that the velocity of change that they feel that, okay, I'm seeing this today, and I'm going to have something in a week or two, and I need to come back together. So that that's the type of loop we're trying to create to bring 300,000 folks into the hub.
Aman Bhutani: Yeah, happy to take that. On the payments piece, you know, we have a WordPress solution out there. That's a small start, because we're trying to see, you know how things work and push through things through the pipe. But the big launch, as you said, you know, is about websites plus marketing and having a completely seamless experience. The way I'd want you to visualize that is, you know, customer comes to us, they start with a website or a domain, ultimately they have an online, store online. And as they're picking their payments provider, they have a clean default choice that says, you know, started with GoDaddy payments. And it just works seamlessly every interface they go into looks the same, feels the same, works the same way, is connected in the background.  So, they are not copy pasting anything, you know, everything related to their, sort of selling capability, whether it's in, you know, it's on their side or with partners like Amazon, or Etsy or others is handled seamlessly and just taken care of. And of course, the omni-commerce solution, which we're committed to launching this year, is about bringing the capability of in-store into that same ecosystem as well. You know, outside of that, we're also targeting managed WordPress, which is our instance of WordPress and GoDaddy payment solution for managed WordPress, which we will also be launching in a few weeks. You know, as we put those pieces together, the point about awareness, of course, continues to become bigger and bigger. But once we have a full solution, we can actually go to market in a different way.  We can actually go to market and talk to customers about having the full capability of them being able to do it in the manner that they like to do it with GoDaddy, where the solutions are simple, the technology is intuitive, and the human guidance is always, always available to them. So that's what you should expect from us. In terms of reopening, we are still evaluating reopening, you know like many other companies, we have done some surveys of the employee base, we have put in some dates where, you know, we're going to incur what – ask folks to come in on a volunteer basis.  And so far, there's not a lot of folks taking us up on that. I think folks continue to be concerned. I think, folks, in many places – and it depends on country, as you well know, obviously the situation in India, very, very difficult right now, but depending on country, you know, there are some locations where people are slightly more open to it. But at this point, we think it's looking more like later in the summer that we'll have a set of folks back in the office.
Aman Bhutani: Yeah, you know, we're happy with the productivity that we've continued to add more sort of tech, we've continued to add more capability for the guides to work remotely because we realize that this is, sort of a new normal for quite a bit. So far, we're pretty happy with the productivity. We start to lap some of that, you know, going into April and May here. So, so far, we're pretty happy with it.
Aman Bhutani: Ygal, thanks for the question. You know, on the cohorts, as Ray said, Q1 came in as a strong cohort, and definitely behaving similar to the Q2, Q3 cohorts, so, we – that he talked about. I think, overall, that's great customer numbers. They're coming in through similar channels. You know, as an example, you talked about Pros, you know the stuff we're talking about Pros is still early. So, what you are going to expect is the channels are pretty similar. And it's similar to what we saw through the pandemic last year. So, there isn't a lot of, sort of change in terms of the shape. It's just nice increase, continued nice increase in customer numbers, and just more going through the pipe. And then on the second piece, I'll let Ray take it.
Aman Bhutani: Yes, for sure, Matt. So the approach here is very much aligned with our broader approach as a company. The idea is to build tools and capabilities that add value to the customer drive engagement, drive value, right, over time, take some of that value and shift it to shareholders, right. Absolutely the Pro hub is a fantastic tool that not only helps Pros come in and manage WordPress instances, you know, both hosted at GoDaddy and outside. But it also gives them a place where they can do a bit of project management or manage their clients. And we're adding more and more capabilities to it. The idea is to create value for the Pro. As an example, we already know that just the pros that are using it right now are saying that they can save about three hours per site rate per month, already with just what we have today. So, as we save those Pros time, we expect to have a bigger part of their business with GoDaddy. And it forms a great starting point for us to be able to put in front of them, you know, new capabilities, new products, because they have a high engagement product that they come to all the time that they – it creates value for them, and gives us the opportunity to now expose them to products that we monetize.
Aman Bhutani: I think we're very early in that space. We know that Pros are super interested in commerce, we know that WooCommerce supports a huge percentage of the online e-commerce sort of GMV today. So, we know there's great demand there. We know there's a strong community behind it. But we're still pretty early in that process. As you'll remember, in Q4, last year, we did an acquisition called SkyVerge, so we now have a team that is dedicated to WooCommerce. They're part of the overall commerce division, which as you know, is led by Osama Bedier, who joined us from Poynt. So, we're actually bringing all the different pieces together at the company and saying here's the commerce division they are going to deliver a platform that works across websites plus marketing and manage WordPress.
Aman Bhutani: Yeah, sorry, I can take that. Overall, you know, the growth we talked about was all commerce across, you know, websites plus marketing suite. So, that grew 70%, year-over-year and it's – if I remember right, well consistent with what we've talked about. We've consistently seen that skew grow, you know, faster than the other skews. And I think it matches the demand we have in the market today, right. Customers are coming online, they're looking for an online store, you also saw us shift, I think I talked about it in the previous call some of our merchandising, where you come to the homepage of GoDaddy, and unless we already know you and personalize it, what we put right in front of you is the ability to build an online store with websites plus marketing. In terms of the percentages, you know, going into the commerce skew versus others, broadly in line with what we've talked to you about, you know, it continues to be the product that customers are excited about. It continues to be the product that we're putting a lot in. And it's not just about product commerce, as I've talked in my prepared remarks. We're doing more and more first services commerce customers, as well. And their needs are unique and different. What they're looking for is tools that help them do the online appointment and sort of, you know things that go along with that. So, you know, overall, I would say the similar trend, but hopefully that little bit of color helps.
Aman Bhutani: Yeah. We continue to be very happy with the Poynt integration, we're moving very aggressively the products that we're building and testing right now. And as I said, you know, we've got something out there for WordPress already. And you'll see more from us in websites plus marketing within a few weeks. You know, from my perspective, they’ll look fantastic. It's exactly, sort of seamless, intuitive experience that our customer base needs and we're absolutely excited about providing that.  We're still on track to provide an omni-commerce solution. This year, our teams are working in parallel and burning the [midnight] on that, you know, we're all super excited about it. We think it's going to make a difference in the market. And bringing, sort of in-store, online, and platforms, Amazon, Etsy, all of those sales together in one place bundled with commerce, with payments, and honestly more opportunities coming right behind the invoicing and others.  We think it's just fantastic. But overall in terms of talking about numbers a bit too early. And as Ray said, we have a number out there for 2023, and, you know, we think it's conservative because we really think the opportunity is very large.
Aman Bhutani: Yeah, one of the things we realize is, you know, to innovate, we needed a bit more scale in that business. We need more TLDs. We need to be able to give the customer more choice. So, what you see here is us adding a bit of scale and of course there's some financial advantages to that too, but adding a bit of scale so that we can really drive a more innovative experience for our customers. Believe me we're doing some small things there and as soon as we have something that we're super excited about, you guys will hear about it.
Aman Bhutani: Yeah, I think, you know, as we talked about a little bit, the Q1 cohort was a strong cohort. And, you know, we'll continue to spend in marketing till we see the returns. And as Ray guided, you know, right now, we intend to continue to spend in marketing as best as we can see today. We see good returns for that marketing spend, or at least well within our guidelines. So that's what we're expecting to do. Obviously, there's no crystal ball and I can't talk about what's going to happen. But overall, we still feel pretty good about it.
Aman Bhutani: Thank you, Christie. I wanted to take just a moment to thank Nima Kelly and Ray Winborne. Nima has been the backbone of this company for almost 20 years and her contribution is immeasurable. You know, I know this group doesn't get to see her, but Nima is always in the background with us on these calls and always helping out and has done so much for the company. And Ray, you know, just, you guys get to see him all the time, total joy to work with, such a professional. And Ray, I'm really glad you get to go out on a [beaten race], and Sterling joke, which Sterling you gave me a big laugh. You know that this is a good point to hand off to Mark for sure. So, thank you, Nima and Ray and thank you all GoDaddy employees for a great quarter and thanks to you all for joining the call.
Ray Winborne: Thanks Sterling. Appreciate it. It was a fantastic quarter. Happy with where the business is – the trajectory of it.
Ray Winborne: Yeah, thanks for that question Sterling. It's one we get pretty commonly. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, ex-social, the hosting and presence line grew in the high-single-digits in the first quarter. And the guide on a forward basis is continued growth in that range, rest of the year obviously implies an acceleration as you move through. Gosh we've been super happy with what we're seeing in those subscription software products that we've talked about. And we really did start to see continued strong growth there. Aman highlighted a lot of the progress we're seeing from a commerce perspective. So, there's upside from here. The fact remains that traditional hosting and security products still make up a large percentage of that line item. I think the thing as an investor, we should look at and remember is that these products are critical to the success of our partner audience, right, who serve entrepreneurs. And while they're a little slower growing, they are super stable businesses, their cash generative, and they support the investments we’re making in those software centric offerings like websites plus market, manage WordPress, over [sell bright] and now with the introduction of omni-commerce later this year. All those investments are being funded by us and the create and grow phase of the customer journey, we've highlighted this, you've seen in the investor deck, right? That's $175 billion TAM, huge opportunity for us. As these offerings continue to scale, we add capabilities. We do expect that to be a tailwind to the hosting and presence growth as we move forward.
Ray Winborne: Yeah, just adding a little bit to that, Sterling. You could think of the driver of that 5 points or sequential acceleration in the domains line item as being a lot of the aftermarket, right. So, Aman mentioned and we feel good about the systemic changes we're making in the product in the flows. So, we do expect the dollars to continue to drive meaningful growth as we move forward. That said, we do anticipate the domains growth rates to moderate to the, you know, low-double digits rate by the end of the year.
Ray Winborne: Yeah, Jan. The rates on those products, the growth rates are consistent with what we've been talking about in recent quarters continue to be really happy with both attach we're seeing there, as well as the skews that folks are choosing.
Ray Winborne: That's it. Those are conservative, right. I don’t want to get into the details yet, because we're still a good ways out from actually launching that iterating on the go to market, whether it's new versus existing. So, there's going to be a lot of factors to consider as we roll that product out. But 150 is the minimum we're looking at. We think there's a lot more opportunity beyond that.
Ray Winborne: Hey, Nick, let me take the first one and then Aman can hit on the product. As far as trajectory, we continue to see really strong year-over-year growth in new customer cohorts. That’s both in the number of customers and in the absolute dollar value of the cohort. If you look at the first quarter cohort, you know, it's comparable to what the size is, we were seeing the Q2, Q3 last year, when the COVID demand surged. You know, we are seeing differences in demand around the world, just like we have for the last year, but the numbers are still really strong, as you can see in the results and in the guide. And this is consistent with what you're seeing in a lot of the other external data points with respect to small businesses, including, you know, instilling real robust new business formation in the U.S., in particular. The Q2 guide that we put out there, as well as the full-year, you know, is what we see with respect to current trajectory.
Ray Winborne: Hey, Trevor, when you think about monetization on those websites plus marketing capabilities, right, we're focused on delivering that customer value first, then we'll get to monetization once we've gotten that closer to scale.
Ray Winborne: Yeah, Clarke, yeah, we've been disclosing for a while at single-digit. And now it's climbed up to double-digit, we've been really happy with all the work the team's been putting in place and Aman articulated a lot of the things we're doing. It's not just one thing. It's different purchase passes, it’s different [UX] on it. And it's more inventory in the pipe. So, the lift there has been really strong. And you saw that 5 point difference on the sequential that you just talked about. From a unit versus ASP perspective, this is primarily unit, right. These are more inventory going through the pipe versus higher ASPs. Now, we do see our share of strong ASPs, you know, six digit plus numbers, but that's not what's driving the revenue growth.
Ray Winborne: Yeah, fantastic results out of the international team. They've really stepped up during the COVID demand surge, particularly in the marketing side. If you look at some of the campaigns that we put out there in different markets, it's really driving a lot of sign-ups. As far as any areas of strength, our developed markets are growing incredibly strong. So Canada, Australia, UK, India, those all sequentially stepped up. And we've been really happy with the results we're seeing there.
Ray Winborne: Yeah, Ygal, so as far as competition, right, there is some consolidation taking place in hosting, but we are very sharply priced on our offering. And the Pro hub is another way we're enhancing the benefit for those folks that are coming in and using that product.
Ray Winborne: Gosh, is the beauty of this business model, right. Significant and predictable cash flow generation, we can execute across all of the capital allocation priorities, right, whether that's organic M&A, and share repurchases. To your point, we've made a string of acquisitions over the last 18 months that have added significant product capability, some incredible talent, and some strategic optionality. When you think about registering that, virtualization there, you know, since the last earnings call, 2% of our outstanding equity at really attractive prices, because we were able to take advantage of the market volatility. And honestly, when you look at capital allocation for us, it's pretty easy where net leverage is near the midpoint leaves us a whole turn of EBITDA in capacity there. But those priorities in the order don't change, right. We're going to invest prudently, but at an accelerated rate in the organic business, M&A, we've got a strong pipeline, and it will continue to be opportunistic, with that billion dollars of capacity we've got on repurchases.
Ray Winborne: Hey Frank [indiscernible] we picked up right? Those are either owned or perpetual contract TLDs, meaning zero incremental costs. [Indiscernible].
Ray Winborne: No. In fact, as I mentioned, that first quarter cohort looked a lot like the size of the Q2, Q3 last year, so…
