Aman Bhutani: Thank you, Ray. It has been 1 year since my first GoDaddy earnings call. In that year, I have talked to many everyday entrepreneurs and fallen in love with their story. I have seen an employee base that deeply cares about the mission of the company and has risen to unprecedented challenges. While there is still uncertainty ahead and no one has a crystal ball, I am inspired by the opportunity in front of us, and our path forward is clear. Our focus on customer success drives our continued development of world-class products. That, in turn, empowers everyday entrepreneurs to sell and thrive online.  We have an incredible brand that is only getting stronger. We have a resilient, recurring business model, and we will continue to be prudent stewards of the significant cash that GoDaddy generates, pursuing growth organically and inorganically for years to come.  GoDaddy is an amazing success story. We have a TAM of $180 billion and 20 million paying customers. And I feel like we're just getting started.  Operator, let's open up the call for questions.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. Thanks, Matt. The freemium offering is a quarter in, and we continue to be excited about how it's performing, both in terms of attracting registered users to come in and try the product and the conversion rates we're seeing. And so it's meeting our expectations, and we continue to drive improvements in it.  In terms of freemium as a model, we really feel that our customers more and more people need to be able to use our products. So the freemium model allows us to do that in a successful way. And one of the things you saw this quarter is that we added the freemium offering for Sellbrite, which is a product that allows micro small businesses to connect to many of the large platforms out there and get their products out there. So it's really a model that we're using for more and more products.  And one last thing to keep in mind is that when we talk about the 20 million customers, we're talking about paying customers. That does not include freemium customers in that number.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. I think it's a bit too early to be able to sort of set the quarterly cohorts up. We're still, like I said, only a quarter in. But over the next few quarters, we'll definitely have a clearer idea of how those cohorts perform. Early indications, they continue to meet our expectations. So we're excited to continue to move forward on it.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. I do think that COVID-19 has pushed a number of people past the point of inertia where they were not adopting digital. Another way to say that is pull forward the TAM. So because people have no choice but to go digital to support their businesses, we're seeing people experimenting with ideas. We're seeing people come online, even though they had hesitated to do it in the past. When you look at that TAM of $180 billion, and it's just huge. This is a space with so many players there. And when I look at GoDaddy, I think we're really positioned well.  And when I talked in the script about I feel like we're on the start line, I look back at GoDaddy and see a leader in the dream phase, doing so well in the create phase over the last 2, 3 years. And now as we put more and more attention into the growth phase, customers want to do marketing tools with us, they want to do commerce with us, and we have good offerings for them. So the more we get our name out there related to those offerings, the more we improve those offerings, I expect GoDaddy to play a very significant role in that moving forward.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. As you know, we've been quite active in the acquisition space over the last few months, just talking about closing Neustar today and super excited about that. Our pipeline continues to be healthy. And of course, valuations are what they are. But we continue to look for opportunities, which can add value to our customers and become part of the GoDaddy ecosystem.  And broadly speaking, we are looking for opportunities where customers get nonlinear value, and our brand extends to be able to offer that value to customers. That's kind of the lens we're looking things at. And there's a healthy pipeline.  In terms of customer acquisition, our customer acquisition costs actually went down quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. And part of that is the CPMs, but a big part of that is just demand and intent from customers.  So as we look forward, our commitment is that we'll continue to invest in marketing, looking at this demand, taking share within this demand as long as it meets our thresholds.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. On the business apps, the focus for the teams there is to continually improve, not just sort of awareness of that product when people come to our site or through our marketing channels, but really, really reduce the friction in terms of activation, the friction in terms of fulfillment. So that adds a customer step into that product. They're able to really get value very, very quickly. And some of those efforts that we've been making over the last few quarters has started to show value.  Now clearly, part of the reacceleration here is the overall environment where customers are looking for avenues to contact their customers, and we've been telling them for years that if you use branded e-mail, you have many multiples more likely to get the attention of your customers than a regular e-mail address. And in a time like COVID, where our micro businesses, small businesses are looking to reach their customers, they're sort of thinking about all the things that we've been telling them. And we think we see that acceleration coming in Business Apps through that. And I'll turn it to Ray for sort of July and so on.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. I think we're just coming upon closing it, we -- just a couple of days in. So it's a bit too early to be talking about the medium-term return on Neustar. Suffice to say, we're super excited about being able to vertically integrate within the Domains space. It opens a lot of opportunity for us to create new offerings for customers to experiment at a pace and scale that we don't think the registry business has seen for many years. So that's the opportunity we're going after. And we'll be able to talk about it a lot more over the next quarter or so.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. If I got sort of three parts to that question: first, around net customer growth; the second around revenue breakdown subscribers versus ARPU; and third around outbound sales. Maybe I'll get started and Andrew and Ray can jump in.  On the net customer growth, obviously, we're super excited about the 400,000 number. It's massive. It's our best quarter ever if you take out the HEG acquisition. And it's really something that is a function of the demand environment we see and the work that GoDaddy has been doing. In terms of looking forward, as you know, we don't guide to net customer growth, but we do share that data with you over time, especially on a milestone basis. And given that this was such a big milestone, we felt that it would help sort of you see the things happening in the business.  In terms of the breakdown of subscribers versus ARPU, I think we continue to see that healthy mix. Obviously, the subscriber growth is very large. But we continue to see that, I would say, stable ARPU growth that this business has demonstrated for many years. So that's -- together, that's been really good.  In terms of the outbound sales motion, as we discussed, our outbound sales is a very particular motion. It was honed over the years. And COVID-19 did impact it significantly. But I'll turn it over to Andrew to share a bit more detail on it.
Aman Bhutani: When we think about Websites + Marketing and the opportunities, they're squarely in what we talked about, the grow phase for our customers. And 2 areas that we're investing in are marketing and commerce. To give you a bit flavor, marketing includes content. Marketing includes messaging, right? And when we did the Over acquisition, and we're bringing it into Websites + Marketing very, very quickly. So all of the great feature functionality engagement that Over has, all Websites + Marketing customers are going to have that this year very, very quickly.  Those marketing capabilities are really core to our micro businesses reaching their customers. And similarly, as we all know, commerce is a big part of it as well. And we have a great base offering in commerce. And the more our customers use us, the more we're adding features and functionality for them in the commerce space as well.  In terms of AWS, we've had some good milestones in terms of progress in our relationship there. But overall, it continues to be relatively small. We think it's a great sort of example of what GoDaddy can do for a big partner. But in the revenues -- in the total size of our revenues, it's a small item.
Aman Bhutani: Yes, Naved, thanks for your question. On the aftermarket, like we said, we're seeing great traction in primary, secondary Domains sales. Overall, that business or that segment growing at 10% for us, as you know, growing much faster than double of the industry. So we're super happy with that. We did -- we had, in April, talked about some weakness in there. And there are pockets of different experiences by different countries that we're seeing. But overall, very happy with the results in that segment overall.  And in terms of freemium and Websites + Marketing, the 60% ARR number just says it all, right? We continue to see healthy growth in that business on a unit basis, on a revenue basis. Super excited about what it means for the future. And it's massive LTV, right? The Website + Marketing customer drives somewhere in the order of 10 to 25x the LTV than a Domains customer for us. So being in that space, being a big player in that space and gaining share in that space has been really good for us.
Aman Bhutani: Thank you, and thank you all for joining on the call today. A big thanks to all GoDaddy team members all over the world for a great quarter, and look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Raymond Winborne: The only thing I might tack on to that, Deepak, you may have heard Aman reference to it. We are super excited about the growth we're seeing in Websites + Marketing, 60% growth year-over-year in ARR. That is a fantastic growth rate, and so you could see the adoption and more excited about even the mix of SKUs within that adoption. So we've seen a nice uptake in e-commerce SKU takes, let's say, I think, 25% of folks taking that SKU now. So really excited about the progress we've seen there in that product.
Raymond Winborne: Yes, if you think about 3Q and the rest of the year, you saw the impact of the headwinds in the second quarter, it's baked into that guidance for the rest of the year as well.
Raymond Winborne: Yes. Brent, so good trends. As we look toward the quarter, it was nice progression, continued increase right up through June. I think if I recall back then, maybe it was Andrew that pointed it out on the last call saying that April -- the April cohort was our strongest we've seen in 10 years. May was better. June was better. And then we saw no slowdown in the July cohort. That should give you some sense of what we're seeing in the business.
Raymond Winborne: Yes. It's Ray. I'll take that one. Look, there's a lot of uncertainties at play right now. We're trying to call it like we see it, not being overly aggressive or conservative in the guide. It just reflects what we know right now and our sense of trajectory.  If you look at the guide we're giving, it does imply some acceleration from the pre-COVID Q1 number. Keep in mind, the back half of the year gets a little tougher on year-over-year comps. In the demand environment, it's obviously been great. Aman talked about some of the stats and metrics we're seeing. But we don't have perfect insight into how long or at what strength that's going to continue. We're always going to strive to do more, be better every day. But the guide is what we see happening, plus or minus.
