Raymond Winborne: Thank, Scott. I'll touch on the financial results for the quarter and the outlook for the rest of the year. Revenue was $652 million in the quarter, and while we lapped the acquisition of HEG, we still posted a very strong 17% year-over-year growth. Roughly two points of growth were attributable to purchase accounting impacts in the prior year, and we also benefited from about one point of currency tailwind this quarter. We drove double-digit growth across all product lines and feel great about the trajectory of the business, with Domains continuing to outperform our expectations. International revenue came in at $233 million in Q2, growing 24% year-over-year on a reported basis or 15% excluding the favorable impacts from purchase accounting and currency. Our international business now represents over one-third of total revenue and is approaching $1 billion annual run rate. Bookings for the quarter were $754 million, representing 13% growth, more in line with the underlying revenue growth, as purchase accounting doesn't affect bookings. Moving to our key metrics. Customer growth was solid at 6.5%, bringing our global customer base to 18 million. We added 1.1 million net new customers in the past 12 months, continuing a longer-term trend. ARPU is now $142, an increase of 10% year-over-year, with growth favorably impacted by the effects of purchase accounting. ARPU grew in the mid-single digits on a more normalized basis, in line with our expected trend line going forward. Unlevered free cash flow for the quarter was $155 million, an increase of 15% versus last year. Through the first 6 months of 2018, we've generated $317 million in unlevered free cash flow, a nearly $70 million or 27% year-over-year increase, putting us on pace to deliver full year growth of 25%. Unlevered free cash flow margin was 24% in the quarter, reflecting solid flow-through and top line growth. With respect to the balance sheet, we finished Q2 with $829 million and cash and short-term investments, and net debt at $1.64 billion or about 2.5 times net leverage on a trailing 12-month basis. The highly cash-generative nature of this business creates financial capacity that positions us well to pursue value-creating opportunities, whether through continued internal investment, acquisitions or share repurchases over time. We delivered a really solid first half, driving great top line growth, investing for our customers and future growth and executing to deliver bottom line performance. With that, let me turn to the outlook for Q3 and the rest of the year. For the third quarter, we expect revenue in the range of $670 million to $675 million, reflecting 16% growth at the midpoint. This includes about two points of growth from the addition of the Main Street Hub business that we closed in July. Given the strong Q2 performance and outlook for the remainder of the year, we're raising our full year revenue guidance to a range of $2.645 billion to $2.655 billion, representing 19% growth at the midpoint. This includes $10 million per quarter in the back half of the year from Main Street Hub. Underneath that headline growth, we expect organic growth for the full year 2018 to be north of 13%, which adjusts for the HEG contribution in Q1, the impact of purchase accounting last year and the contribution from Main Street Hub in the second half of this year. We continue to expect 2018 unlevered free cash flow in the range of $615 million to $625 million, which implies 25% year-over-year growth at the midpoint. That reflects absorbing the cash burn associated with Main Street Hub while also creating capacity for investments in the customer experience, expanded business capabilities and an acceleration of branding and conversational marketing spend. As a reminder, our cash flow guidance includes total cash tax-related payments in the $25 million to $30 million range, which is comparable to 2017, and excludes a onetime tax payment of $24 million associated with the gain on the PlusServer sale last year, of which $21 million was paid this quarter. Stepping back, we feel great about the consistency of our results, which reflect the power of our strategy and execution and, importantly, our opportunity to drive sustainable, double-digit topline growth and 18% to 20% growth in unlevered free cash flow. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Scott.
Raymond Winborne: Hi, Ugam. It's Ray. Obviously, the aftermarket strength has continued into the quarter. We highlighted our change in merchandising that we put in place in the first quarter. So we've been very happy with that growth. But there's also upside in there from good renewal performance. We continue to see upticks on a basis points basis there. And our unit growth in international is also contributing to that growth. So it's a mix of factors across the board. And as far as the size of aftermarket in context of total, it's still high single digits as a percentage of total revenue. So it has grown nicely, but it's still relatively small in the grand scheme.
Raymond Winborne: Less about the contribution from the top line, more about reinvesting back into the business. It's easier to invest, obviously, when you got wind at your back, and that's what we're doing now. We're accelerating some investments. You heard Scott mention it earlier his call comments around conversational marketing. We're also putting money into product expansion, platform enablement as well as some back-office capabilities for future growth.
Raymond Winborne: Hey, Jason. It's Ray. I'll take the first couple and let Scott touch on the marketing. With respect to the deferred balance, I think the noise you're probably seeing is in the prior year with purchase accounting, in the way the acquisition of HEG impacted that balance. Be glad to take it up in detail with you offline. Currency impact, I highlighted in my comments. It was about a point of tailwind on revenue and a similar impact on bookings. So we're seeing a little bit of tailwind now, but that has actually turned in the third quarter. It's looking more neutral year-over-year.
Raymond Winborne: Yes, and finish up with your last question around share repurchases, we're constantly looking at capital allocation. Back to the guidance we've given you guys pretty consistently, number one is organic growth. We're going to continue to invest in the business to drive that. Two is M&A, and that can take different flavors, whether it's a product tuck-in, geographic expansion or consolidation. And third priority at this point is share repurchases. We want to save the powder for those first two growth opportunities first. So nothing definitive to put to you whether we would pursue a buyback, but it is definitely on the list of capital allocation.
Raymond Winborne: FX is factored in to both our forward guide on revenue and unlevered free cash flow. I can tell you, at least historically, through the first piece here, the third quarter, it's pretty flat year-over-year.
Raymond Winborne: Hey, Brent, it's Ray. And I'll let Scott come over the top on this. 24%, obviously very happy with that. I mentioned in my call comments, the purchase accounting had a little bit of an impact on that growth as well as some currency. The 15%, though, we are incredibly pleased with. It's very strong. That's across all of the regions, so we're seeing very good growth in each of the regions and continue to see a lot of opportunity there to continue to grow. It will - just another one of Scott's points in his comments about marketing spend, we'll continue to put branding spend against new markets as we move through the rest of this year and into 2019 to continue that customer growth.
Raymond Winborne: Yes, let me start with your first one on the aftermarket. Obviously, we continue to see Street highlighted that in the second quarter, and it's bent off of unit growth. And I mentioned the merchandising change we made early this year. And while I'll tell you more of a transactional business than new registrations, we are seeing pretty consistent flow there. And so you've seen that reflected in our full-year guide. So we believe Domains will grow double digits for the rest of 2018. So that is sustainable in there. Your second question was around core GoDaddy bookings. The 13% bookings growth this quarter is pretty consistent with what we've been printing. So nothing to point out there between core and HEG. And lastly on Main Street, we closed in early July so nothing reflected in the second quarter. That's all in the back half of the year.
Raymond Winborne: Hey, Mark, it's Ray. There is some seasonality in the expense flow in Care. But I would tell you probably one of the single largest factors in the leverage we're getting out of that line item is some movement in capacity outside the U.S. We've mentioned that we've opened call centers in Latin America as we've scaled there now. That's a lower-cost location for those calls that we were serving out of the U.S., same with some calls we're moving into Europe that were being serviced out of the U.S. So we're seeing some rate benefit there. But again, I think you should expect that line to move around on a quarter-to-quarter basis as we put investment in on [clips].
Raymond Winborne: Hey, Brian. It's Ray. I think we've gotten a lot of the work behind us at this point. Still opportunities on cross-sell and getting the product in, still opportunities to get the Care to a level that GoDaddy's at on the sell side of that. I think we've mentioned this before, the Care organization there from a service perspective was top-notch, great NPS scores. But we want to get that selling motion put into that program. So that's still something on the list that we've got to tick off. And as far as expanding out beyond that footprint, that's still a big opportunity for us. We've launched GoCentral in Germany today, and we're looking at markets outside of that to start putting branding money up against.
Raymond Winborne: Yes, I think if you look at the balance sheet capacity we've got, we're at roughly 2.5 times today. We continue to believe this business easily supports a two times to four times leverage. And I think if you're going to do the work, our opinion is go bigger, but you'll see us do both. You just saw the Main Street Hub we closed this quarter. I mean, it was more of a product tuck-in, but we'll be looking at consolidation as well as geographic expansion.
Raymond Winborne: Hey, Mark, it's Ray. On your biz ops question, we continue to see great growth in there in the high 20s year-over-year, strong up-sell on 365 adding seats. So that business is growing very well. The specific question around sequential really relates more to the first quarter than second quarter performance. If you remember, I highlighted World Hosting Days, which is a seasonal event that we'd picked up with HEG, kind of threw off the sequential growth, but it's very solid.
Raymond Winborne: Hey, Jonathan. It's Ray. On Domains growth, it has been a nice surprise to us on the upside across the Board. Again, we're getting unit growth from expansion internationally. We're getting good renewal performance. Some of the growth you saw this quarter was the purchase accounting impact year-over-year. So that 16% is a little bigger than what you would expect, but we do see that continuing the rest of the year. What we have continued to counsel folks on, it's good for us, right? We've built that business in that category, but over the long-term, that growth rate should come back closer to one times our customer growth, which we continue to believe is going to be in that mid-single-digit range, this quarter 6.5%. And as far as GDPR cost, yes, we did invest, obviously, into systems to be prepared for that change. It's still early days as far as the regulation and what the long-term impacts for us, but it doesn't affect us like a lot of other the - other Internet companies you've been seeing because we don't monetize our customers' data. So we haven't, at least at this point in time, seen any perceptible impacts on customer impact - or customer growth, traffic or revenue.
Raymond Winborne: Yes, Scott, I apologize. I didn't want to jump in front of you there. But one item before we close out, guys, is that our Q2 release today inadvertently repeated our unlevered free cash flow outlook language from the first quarter, so my apologies. Our intent will be to issue a corrective release and 8-K/A on that. Sorry. Go ahead, Scott.
Scott Wagner: Yes. Ugam, it's Scott. I'll just reiterate that comment of, yes, if you look at the unlevered free cash flow growth for the year, it's mid-20%s, right, which is a nice healthy flow-through from topline growth to bottom line. And what we're seeing on both our product portfolio, the customer experience, efforts like conversational marketing is proof points that there are things that are totally working here. And we want to create the capacity to be able to feed them for the next several quarters.
Scott Wagner: And to your marketing point, Jason, yes, on the face of the P&L, our marketing growth, obviously, was less than revenue growth. But per my comments on opportunities that we're seeing, we not only counsel everybody but, frankly, look towards having marketing spend grow at the rate of revenue growth or hopefully, as we flow into next year, even faster where we're able to put marketing dollars onto the field that drives great long-term returns. So yes, on the quarter, it was a point of P&L deleveraging, but that wouldn't be the way to think about it going forward.
Scott Wagner: I think it's a combination, Matt, just of additional features that are continuing to add richness to the experience, but still creating a really simple overall toolset that people can use and get through. And how that shows up in the numbers as your published rates are terrific, and they continue to go up. At the end of the day, when our customers, whether it's GoCentral or even our other products, when they activate the products, whether it's being published or used, for the most part they get a tremendous amount of value from those products. And that's really the juice that drives not only renewal rates but then the flywheel of additional units being added over time.
Scott Wagner: Yes, thanks. And e-commerce, we'll divide it into two things. One is service commerce, and the other is product commerce where you're really fulfilling inventory. And a lot of our immediate gains, and where we think we're adding a ton of richness just almost week over week is in the service commerce realm, where, again, if you're a photographer, a personal trainer, you not only are able to book appointments on an individual basis, but increasing richness in class scheduling functionality, both outwards to members and even internally within a business. And you're going to see us connect that deeper and deeper into invoicing and payments. And even within product commerce, there continues to be richness within that product set that is allowing us to add more customers who are actually selling physical product than we've ever had. In the totality of our 18 million customer base, that's still a small number, but we're seeing really nice growth in both components of what you call an e-commerce.
Scott Wagner: I'll take those two. On the conversion rate, the conversion rates are still sitting in that zone, which I think, as you know, is really healthy. Right now, I encourage everybody who's listening to just continue to try the product on a regular basis, and you're going to see increased richness and capability not just now, but in the months to come. Right now, the biggest thing about GoCentral is just general market awareness about the capabilities of the product, and that's what we're going to go work on. In terms of the World Cup, no. No impact.
Scott Wagner: Yes. Thanks, Ron. So first, the nature of that question was around GoCentral on its own pulling in new customers to the franchise and what's the interplay with Domains. And I think what we're finding is these - those are complementary. So GoCentral is pulling in new customers who had never had a domain name and they're starting and building a site and then they're attaching a domain name on the back end of it. Equally, we continue to have people coming in and getting a name and then attaching GoCentral. And I think the combination of those two things, it's nice just that they're not really trading off from one another. And obviously, we're pretty happy with the net customer adds this quarter. Although, as we've said for a long time, we don't really manage that number on a quarter-over-quarter basis. It's an output, but it's an output of what we think is doing the right thing, which is, and this hits your second point, adding richness and functionality, creating a good experience, a great experience. And if we can get customers to the publish event and then having them interacting with us, generally not only are they staying but they're thrilled, and we're doing and helping them have their ideas be successful in the world.
Scott Wagner: Well, now we're getting back to the marketing and how we're getting that message out into the world, Ron. And I think to Jason's question on marketing and how to think about that going forward, we're going to be continuing to, not only through dollars but also our messaging, add different ways that we're communicating and interacting with customers that isn't maybe necessarily about big mass media but hitting a whole bunch of different touch points, whether it's social media or whether it's different influencers, obviously, down to sort of low-funnel tactics. And those are going to be ramping up in the quarters to come because, as you point out, I think right now, there is a heck of a lot more capability in the GoDaddy experience overall than perhaps people might even be aware of. And well, that's a marketing challenge, and the nice thing is I think we can do that pretty well.
Scott Wagner: The only over-the-top that I would add is I think international is continuing to just move along and advance, really, at the same what I'd say is pace and progress for all the time that we've been a public company. And some quarters show up a little better than others, but I think what you're really seeing is a steady and consistent growth as we both build awareness and our customer base and our services in markets around the world.
Scott Wagner: Yes. Hey Lloyd. To your first question, don't think about this as a different - something totally different related care or even the business system. And so to the specifics of that question, our care team interacts with our 18 million customers, and they're helping them with some things at some point in some time and helping them develop their ideas. And GoCentral is more capability that we're adding to the interaction that we have with our customers. So there's sort of nothing different there. I will say that one of the things we're working on with Care is doing new things and adding new capabilities of this still, frankly, unique asset and experience we have, which is real people being able to help not only with GoDaddy's products but others in the world. And so what we're doing on the Care side is adding, I think, richness into the support experience, again, not necessarily around GoCentral, but really unique ways that we can interact and help our customers, like migrating and completely making over an online presence that maybe was built five to eight years ago or making and scheduling consultation appointments for certain kinds of customers. Again, it's, how can we do some things that are different? So anyway, thanks for the question there.
Scott Wagner: Two - hey Mark, if I could just add two things that are important here. When Ray talks about moving capacity around the world, it's actually to serve customers in those markets. So Latin America, for example, as we've opened up centers there, its serving customers close in, in a manner which reflects their local context. And so that's what we're trying to do. And so we're actually seeing better service, better customer interaction, which is the goal. And some of - any rate differences is sort of a - is a benefit. And I think you hit on something else, which I think reflects more of the spirit of what we're doing, which is as your product experience gets better and as we add richness to the product portfolio, the level of services that we have, several carry a little bit more monetization than products that we've particularly had in the past. And when you do that over time and those kinds of products renew, you'd naturally get a little bit of leverage into something like Care.
Scott Wagner: Let's see. Appreciate the nature of that question, Mark. We've always - we've described the penetration of presence, for example, as being out of our customer base. A little over one-third of customers have an active point of presence, whether it's something they built on GoCentral or a WordPress site hosted with us. And its highest macro level, you could even go into that audience plus many of the other names that are held. And gosh, look at any site that was built five years ago, and I would say we could add a hell of a lot of value to all of those points of presence and all of those customers. Now that's a super big white space number, but I think, at its highest level, it's indicative of the potential that exists within our base. And then the example that I gave you in the scripted comments is a very specific one. And what I and we are particularly excited about is being able to get to that level of specificity because the only way you can actually reach out and engage with your base is being incredibly precise around your audience and having a specific idea for how to interact with them. And the SSL idea related to the Chrome changes is one indication of many, many different ways that we think there's something of value that we can - that we have and can do with our customers. So it's just a matter of reaching them in the right moment.
Scott Wagner: Yes. Thanks for the question, Brian. I had just one comment on it. I think HEG, a year in, yes, you'd say we've hit every mark that we wanted to hit from a financial return and even the first level of bringing the businesses together. But we're - our aspirations are higher, and we're still building the real capability to have a single global product portfolio and have all customers on a single platform. And we're in the middle of really ticking and tying that work. And the nice thing is we can now ramp up our presence in many of the local markets in Europe. We can lean into growth while we continue to build those capabilities. It'll still be another six months to 12 months. And like you said on the pipeline, those capabilities, when we really got them down, open up a whole another range of things that we can do around the world that's not even this year or the next or even the following, but could stretch for five or 10 years.
Scott Wagner: Hey, Mark. It's Scott. Let me do the first one. So the nice thing is that we really are seeing global growth. I'd call out two things. Europe, back to the HEG comments, when we look across the landscape in Europe and what it means to have an online presence. Gosh, I just - we see opportunity at every turn. And the art in Europe, obviously, because of the relative slower growth of markets and the difficulty of switching, it's all about having an activation point to go capture incremental growth. But the opportunity is there. And so you're going to see us, again, building in a prudent way but continuing to increase our go-to-market in Europe just because we think the value proposition we have there is fantastic. It's going to get better and better. The customer unit economics are wonderful, like just all of the fundamentals are really strong. And the only thing that we have to balance in Europe is just a relative rate of incremental growth and just having prudent levels of growth, given that. Asia is a totally different story where, just in several of the countries, we're just seeing nice, nice growth. And we're so early in our own market development presence there that the focus is really establishing GoDaddy as both a brand and a business. And a lot of the Southeast Asian countries - and when Ray talks about adding countries and adding spend, those are particularly focused on heaving up more and more and expanding in Southeast Asia.
Scott Wagner: And thanks for the AWS and Amazon question, Mark. We're absolutely starting the process of using AWS as a cloud provider, and there's a handful of product efforts that we're working with the AWS team on to incorporate some of the GoDaddy products and experiences into Amazon. Just because it's early days - I think I'd fired some of those back off at Investor Day, and we're working on the handful of, what you'd call, almost the easier ones, and we're super happy with the early relationship with Amazon and the work, whether it's using the AWS infrastructure or the level of engagement around how we can work together at a deeper level. But it's too early to talk about any one specific thing, particularly in the context of an earnings call, but we feel really good about what we're working on and the level of engagement.
Scott Wagner: Yes. No, thanks. And everybody, thanks for the questions. Thanks again for the time on the call, and we'll talk to everybody next quarter. Thanks.
