Scott Wagner: And hey everybody, while the operator gets the queue going, we understand that the phone line was cutting out a bit that during Blake's remarks. We apologize for that. Let us know if there was any elements that people need us to come back to during the Q&A. We are certainly happy to.
Scott Wagner: Hi, Deepak, it's Scott. So from a business applications standpoint, I think we have said cause whether we passed few million customers that are using one of our business applications products and so we continue to see nice increases in attach and as our products, both within productivity and email marketing, again continue to get more, let's call it robust, we are also seeing some nice movement and migration into high value packages within those SKUs. So as I have described and talked to you about before, look, we continue to use bundling as ways that allow our customers to easily acquire and activate these business application products because we found and our customers certainly find once they start using them, there is huge value and they renew for a long, long time. And so look, we are just going to continue to drive both attachment and activation of these. And over time, that [indiscernible] to these categories.
Scott Wagner: We just keep running the business, Deepak. I think that stability is part of it, is a way to think about it.
Scott Wagner: Thanks, Mitch. Let me just pickup on the India example that Blake just gave which is, you have got scaled engineering in a market ramping barren marketing which India drove a 3X-plus growth and has for the last three years. And so think about these markets that we are entering, first on their size, growth and competitive potential. So we are looking at these geographies and thinking okay, well where is their embedded growth, particularly in naming and the local competitive context, mostly which is just local people. And then we are purposefully in year one, for a couple of markets that are big and large and we think we got a way to really meaningfully accelerate growth, spending year one marketing dollars to activate customers. And based on the customer growth rate plus their spending profile, we are measuring the lifetime value relative to our cost of acquisition over time. And then frankly, we are spending marketing dollars into that market based on that attractiveness. And so what I am describing is a very clear formula for growth that frankly has been at work the last three years on our international markets. And I would encourage you and everybody to think about these Asian markets as just another play in the international playbook that we have been running for three years.
Scott Wagner: Hi Paul, it's Scott. I will take both. Look, on guidance, certainly one of the appeals of our business and financial model is that we do have quite a bit of predictability and visibility into growth. Look I think the biggest macro factor is, just what we are experiencing in currency. And if you think about the range that we just provided, I think movements in these dollar amounts which should have been pretty unpredictable is, more than anything else pushes towards one side of the range or the other. And again, relative to constant currency versus reported, we have got 200 to 300 basis points of impact happening now and that are going to show up in 2016. And so that's the macro factor. Frankly, the fundamentals of business of our market performance of our attachment, they are all doing great. So I think that's question number one. On two, bookings and EBITDA, we don't have a lot of costs that are actually sitting outside the United States. Again as Blake described, as we talked about international, we are in a scaled expansion model. And so we don't have a lot of cost that actually sit outside the U.S. and so our EBITDA performance and growth is actually reflective of a cost structure that largely, in terms of people, sits here in the United States.
Scott Wagner: And to be clear, that's affecting bookings, right. Because bookings is the in-quarter billing. And so that slight taper and shift for 2016 is going to just be more reflected in bookings than GAAP revenue.
Scott Wagner: It's positive across frankly, our product categories. And again, I think it's slight change in improvements, not dramatic ones but again in a subscription business, renewal rates that are consistent and steady, particularly at our size and scale and what we are doing from expansion standpoints is fantastic within certainly even domains, but then around products and categories like productivity, we are seeing just nice metrics in renewal rates. But again I think if you are sitting there and thinking about models, put it into the category of light shift comfort in the business as we expand, but not a huge dramatic change that's going to show up next quarter.
Scott Wagner: Brian, it's Scott. I would add two things. One is, the marketing spend and the activation into a market is similar. So we have done this now in a half-dozen plus big Tier 1 markets plus later and more direct spend in others and we are dilating our formula for how much and the tactics around how we enter the market and then grow it over time. And so that's been a big learning over the last three years and frankly it's just giving us confidence in our ability to enter additional markets and grow share and do so in a really scalable way.
Scott Wagner: And what really helps has been frankly just a very clear name centered offering translation and doing that with the local ccTLDs and price points and payments that allows people to get the name and start to build their online presence, which has been the foundation of the business has been the key to entering these geographies. So frankly more than anything else that's a thing I think has given us confidence in entering these categories because it's really anchored name and then connecting that name to a digital identity on a long-term approach.
Scott Wagner: James, it's Scott. I will take the gross margin one and then Blake can talk about the SMB environment. So on gross margin, you said it well and it's right, which is we have put up large gross margin expansion over the last six to seven quarters and we expect that to pretty much flatten .You have seen it taper at flattening out both as we bundle and merchandise and frankly think about some of the new categories that we are going to add and what that might mean from just a gross margin percentage profile. But again, the incremental products that we are adding and the merchandising approach, from a dollar basis and a gross margin dollar basis, are really attractive. So to your point on tapered gross margin as we look into 2016 is exactly right and that's the way to think about it. Blake, if you want to talk about the SMB macro environment.
Scott Wagner: Hi Mark, it's Scott. In terms of the quarter on net adds, the total customer won is the right way to think about it, just given the size of the base and the dynamics across markets and the total customer growth was 9%. It's steady as she goes. Frankly, I wouldn't look too much about the immediate quarter-over-quarter like just the translation of both year-over-year and what happens in the market as it might make a quarter-to-quarter comparison a little lumpy. But look, if you take a look at the customer adds, you are looking at million plus net new ads every single year and that's the way to think about the business going forward. And we are positioned in a trajectory to absolutely deliver that.
Blake Irving: Yes. So Jason, I would characterize us as being a product portfolio of companies. So we actually have a number of products, both domains, presence and ecommerce and hosting and productivity. We have seen a slightly faster growth in our productivity area. We talked about 50% growth in that area. And the pipeline of offering that will come into the next in 12 and 18 months will be in the area of what we believe our customers are looking for. So you have seen our business shift from primarily being a domain businesses to being a much more of a portfolio of digital presence products that help people get found online, be able to transact with our customers, acquire customers, retain them and then help them run their back-office as well. And we are seeing good growth in business, both on digital presence and on productivity.
Blake Irving: Yes. So let me just talk quickly about how we approach international markets. First, our international markets for us is primarily mostly a software problem. So it's making sure that the code we have written is globalized and localizable, which means we are separating the function of the code away from language, away from market. And then in market you have both currency, you have payment type and you have imagery. We separate those things out that allows us, from a platform perspective, to have very small nuances in the products and to be able to enter markets with literally no personnel in five of those markets, with the exception of a singular care facility that can be in-region that manages the languages, the individual languages of those different markets. What we have found over the last couple of years when we have entered markets with that strategy, we have seen an immediate lift just because we were actually look a lot like a very local company who knows the market well. The India example, we entered in 2012. We ramped up products. We added a local care organization. We added marketing on top of that. And we have seen those 3X growth rate in India over time. So from a cost perspective, I will hand it over to Scott and let him talk about it.
Blake Irving: Sterling, this is Blake, real quickly. I would like to expand on Scott's comments. Well, what we have found is, as we improve the product and we start seeing better activation and usage and folks really enjoying the products and using them, we see folks renew at a much greater rate.
Blake Irving: Sure, Brian. We have been in Asia, we have got customers in Asia for quite some time. So we have been doing analysis and modeling, the way that they look. The dynamics in Asia are quite similar to what we what we see in India. The mix of product is quite similar. Pricing in local currency is quite similar. And the customer profile generally is pretty homogenous in what they are trying to accomplish is the same. They are trying to get a digital presence, starting with the name and trying to attach a website to it and many a times an email address as well. So the dynamics for Asia are quite similar to other markets that we have entered in the last few years.
Blake Irving: Look, we certainly have gotten better. I think at entering just helps we have the experience in other countries. We have certainly learned about product deployment and product performance and how we do regional data centers that serve up speed and availability in the local markets. And then also how we spend into those markets in the top-of-funnel and mid-funnel. So we have spent time learning quite a bit on conversions and on how to really build products that our customers feel are local. They feel local.
Blake Irving: This is Blake. The approach that we have taken in doing primarily software driven and spending into the market is very low risk for us. We learned quite a bit. We grew our way into that over time. And you will see us take the same approach. As Scott had said earlier, there is not a whole lot of dollars at work that are outside of the country. The engineering team that actually builds these capabilities are here in the U.S. and we see good leverage from the work that we have done in the U.S. and these markets truly take a lot of the risk out of the equation.
Blake Irving: James, this is Blake. Our business isn't cyclical but we see pretty meaningful resilience from small businesses. And if you look back in time of the company between 2006 and 2010 had double-digit growth. And it think what it speaks to is that it's not just an established small business. It's people that have new ideas, trying to take that idea online. And frankly, that optimism, that folks rely on themselves. when time get tough, they get a new idea and they are going to do something with it, it usually starts with a name and a digital presence after that and we see pretty resilience market compared to some of the reports on the SMB environment. But it's a positive trend.
Blake Irving: Hi Brent, this is Blake. So look, we see the subscription business, so it starts out with the first purchase and then builds over time. And as we enter a market, we see attach rates that start to model the other countries that we entered into. So as O365 was rolled out, as email applications rolled out, we see those things been attached similar to the markets that are more mature internationally today which start to look a lot like the U.S. over time. So we will see, I think, increasing penetration of O365, as an example. And we offer that, frankly, in every language and markets that we entered next 53 markets and 26 languages. So we expect to see a good penetration there.
Blake Irving: Yes. And Brent, ARPU over the last several quarters has been mid single digits. So just the pacing from the fourth quarter has actually been pretty consistent with how we have been running our product and honestly that's the way to think about it going forward too. I think we are running the business with a nice balance between customer adds and ARPU growth and frankly what we have seeing in the fourth quarter is a good way to think about it going forward.
Blake Irving: Sure. Hi Gene, it's Blake. Look, we continue to thousand of pros through that program. A lot of pros are entering the GoDaddy franchises which is great. When you think that 50%of websites are not built by individuals, they are built by professionals for small businesses or large businesses for that matter. We have added the ability for our pros to start including showcase in their portfolio work and previous. We have added the ability for customers to actually find a pro in our system and in our program and I think that we are frankly quite optimistic about it. Half the pros that are entering the program today are coming from outside of United States which is, if you take India as an example, many and most websites of India are developed by a web professional, not by an individual. So we think internationally, the Web Pro program will have a pretty big impact for us. On India, Internet adoption correlates with market growth and we are seeing very fast Internet adoption in India and it's helping fuel the market there. So we are seeing a very nice growth profile there and we see similar things in other countries as they start to model that same type of penetration growth. So it's a positive thing.
Blake Irving: Hi. This is Blake everyone. I want to thank all of you for joining us today and most importantly, I want to you take a lesson from Jeb Bush and jebbush.com and go buy your name and own your identity before somebody else does. I think I will end it on a cheery note like that. Anyway, have a good day and we will talk to you next quarter. Bye now.
