Raymond Winborne: Thanks, Scott. We closed out the first half with strong execution on many fronts delivering currency neutral revenue growth of 15% and good trajectory on profitability. We're continuing to balance investments in a number of categories and gets the natural expansion in our business model with a focus on running a business that delivers sustainable top line growth and margin accretion.  Bookings grew to $846 million, rising 14% on a constant currency basis, another acceleration versus first quarter growth. Reported bookings growth was 12% reflecting about 170 basis points of currency headwinds driven by the strengthening U.S. dollars. At today's exchange rates, we expect the marginal bookings headwind in the second half of 2019. Revenue came in at $737 million, growing nearly 15% on a constant currency basis and over 13% on reported basis. Like-for-like revenue growth accelerated 100 basis points from Q1, which reflects strength across the board and in particular, in Presence applications and services.  Our key metrics remain strong reflecting goodness in both ARPU and customer growth. ARPU rose to $153, up 8% year-over-year, and our customer base grew more than 5% to $19 million adding 1 million net new customers in the past year. Let me touch briefly on the optics of our customer metric. We deliberately changed our price and merchandising tactics to optimize for lifetime value. At times, these tactics move customer churn events from period to period and even from year-to-year. This is happening in 2019 such that even with strong renewal rates, net adds are going to be in the 700,000 to 800,000 range for the full year, as is evident, our top line trajectory in Q2 and our revenue growth expectations for the second half. This is a matter of optics and not fundamental performance as our core strategy to maximize LTE is showing up in strong revenue and ARPU growth. Moving to cash flow. Unlevered free cash flow for the quarter up 8% to $168 million with year-to-date growth of 16%, and our trailing 12-month unlevered free cash flow margin expanded to 24%, 1 point higher versus a year ago. Looking into the second half of 2019, we'll continue investing behind our marketing and product efforts, but we'll see year-over-year OpEx growth rates moderate across the board. On the balance sheet, we finished Q2 with $1.2 billion cash and short-term investments. During the quarter, we issued $600 million of unsecured senior notes maturing in 2027 at a fixed rate of 5.25%, which were used to prepay a portion of our existing term loans. And we increased our revolver capacity to $600 million both to bring us more in line with similarly situated companies. Net-net, the impact of these transactions have a negligible impact on net interest expense. We diversified funding sources and extended the maturity profile of our debt.  With that, I'll turn to the outlook for the rest of 2019. We continue to expect full year revenue of $2.97 billion to $3 billion, implying full year growth of 12% to 13%. For the third quarter, we expect revenue of $755 million to $765 million, representing 11% to 13% growth versus the third quarter of 2018. For full year unlevered free cash flow, we expect to generate $730 million to $745 million, representing 1 point to 1.5 points of margin expansion versus 2018. And based on today's interest rates, we expect $80 million to $85 million of cash interest expense in 2019, building slightly faster growth in levered free cash flow. Before we turn it over to Q&A, I'd like to reflect on the incredible evolution of GoDaddy over the past 7 years including the quality and consistency of our business today and how we drive success for our customers. These positive outcomes are a direct result of Scott's strategic direction, good judgment, operating execution and just as importantly, his leadership. On behalf of all of GoDaddy, we thank you and wish the best for both you and your family. And a quick welcome to Aman. We're all excited for you to take the reins for the next leg of our journey. With that, operator, let's open up the call to questions.
Raymond Winborne: It's Ray. To comment on your question around capital allocation, that has not changed for us. The priorities are the same, and they are in the order of organic, M&A and then share repurchases last. We're going to be disciplined about M&A. We're looking for the right set. It's not just about price. It's got to be a good operational strategy and cultural fit.
Raymond Winborne: It's Ray. I'll take the first and then I'll pass it to Andrew for international. Gross margin landed right within our expectations. While you're generally going to see natural accretion from the mix of products, there is variability from quarter-to-quarter based off of a variety of factors. We're managing our product and pricing strategy decisions to deliver incremental dollar growth and with good returns, irrespective of the margin percentage. And as I've mentioned to you guys on past calls, that mid-60s percentage is what you should be plugging into the models going forward.
Raymond Winborne: Look at the top line. We've got good solid metrics in growth this quarter. On unlevered free cash flow, we're about 50% of the way towards our annual guide. So no concerns around cash flow. It's just timing of quarters against consensus. So I get no concerns there. As I mentioned earlier, the capital allocation priorities have not changed. We can continue to grow this organic -- this business organically. We are looking for M&A, but it's got to be the right fit and share repurchases will come into the picture, but it's in that order.
Raymond Winborne: For marketing, we're so confident for our year, even if this is the lowest point in a year. Don't forget the G&A line as a litigation settlement, I think. Also it's a [indiscernible]
Scott Wagner: It's Scott. So SmartLine, first of all. So on SmartLine, we're still working through the value proposition on it. There's a huge need at the top of the funnel. And if you think about SmartLine right now, you have second line number in voice, and what we're really focusing on it's actually building it out in terms of messaging. And we think that, that is really the product need in the fulsome nature of -- and what customers need is a second number that's actually tied into the broader way that our customers have to reach and talk to their customers. And so we're spending our time and energy thinking not about just SmartLine as a voice service but particularly extending it into an integration messaging platform.  But when you just spend time watching our customers interact, this is a big, big opportunity, and so we're throwing our shoulder against it. On Main Street Hub, it's been a really nice shape. So at this point, we have one integrated team in business working through assisted, not only website creation, but maintenance and paid social media services so it's all one operation between websites and marketing. And we're seeing, frankly, great results as we integrate operations and particularly as we bring kind of this integrated value proposition to the GoDaddy base. So punchline is we've got top line growing nicely. We're starting to drive growth and now we're really focused on scaling. It's a nice shape.
Scott Wagner: It's Scott. I think we're seeing a combination of things. One is slightly better attach, right, during the initial conversion flow and funnel. The second is back to this effort of conversational marketing into the base. We really do have now the science of what are each one of our customers doing, not only with GoDaddy's products, but others and where are they in their life cycle. And it's really honing in on, "Boy, how do we put the next thing in front of them at the right time?" And again, I think you're using the old baseball analogy, we're probably in the second inning of actually scaling up that capability. But as we make progress there, that shows up in ARPU, and it particularly shows up in some of the more advanced application products. Really, it's kind of those two things. And from a product category standpoint, it's showing up a little bit more in hosting and presence and further script comments 40% unit growth in GoCentral and Managed WordPress, obviously, those show up nicely and are probably the big areas of incremental growth.
Scott Wagner: Scott again. So across all of those partners, it's a small, small contribution. I mean the vast, vast majority right off of our Domains are GoDaddy proper. We're the marketplace for naming and frankly, it not going to change for a long time. This is more about just strong relationships with the ecosystem, and so it's obviously a great nod to our Domains team with a breadth of names that are carried plus the speed and sophistication frankly of our APIs that the other cloud providers are using our domain technology to power some, if not all, their Domains in their own cloud offering. But it's tiny relative to the P&L and honestly, it's not going to show up in our financials or our top line, but it's just a really important part of us being part of the broader ecosystem.
Scott Wagner: First and foremost, there's, I'd say, feature functionality product quality richness that, really over the last year, has really amplified. And in terms of how that translates into business, really, the first thing is more awareness not only within the GoDaddy base but in the broader market. And again, that's something that's going to be a multiyear effort, but just awareness of the capability that we have is a big thing. And obviously, the second is better attach. Just working our flows that I'd say we're still in the early innings of it and have a lot of upside. Relative to those 2 products, price isn't driving any of the uptick. It's all quality attach.
Scott Wagner: It's Scott. First, thanks for the comment. I appreciate it. On the relative return of conversational marketing, we don't get into the specifics on individual components of our marketing channels. I think they really are complementary versus either completely different lanes. But again, you can't think about incremental spend going against the base, and we have return thresholds on it. And needless to say, everything we're doing is economically accretive and has really good return. We're looking for ways to keep spending money against these kinds of opportunities and against these areas. Investors, not only we as a business, but investors would actually want us continuing to spend more. This is about just honing and scaling how we do this.  Your second question on GoCentral, it is a part of the hosting and presence line. And obviously, if that's growing 40%, you, can see the overall aggregate, GoCentral from a revenue contribution is still it's small -- a small but meaningful component of that line, and it really is the big reason for the ongoing strength in that segment. So when you're looking at the growth in that segment line, think about that as coming almost all from GoCentral. And in terms of where, kind of followed the developed world. U.S. is the strongest, and then core English markets are next. That's where we're putting our shoulder, and there's a lot of runway really and just those geographies. I think that covers everything.
Scott Wagner: It's Scott. So on the first one, on net adds, you look at this on a 2-year stack. A year ago, as Andrew was describing, there was 1.2 million. Ray talked about how things were going to layer throughout the year that kind of normalizes around that when 1 million number over that 2-year period of time. I think the most important point is that the underlying renewal rate at cohort basis and customer basis, not only has it changed, but it's tweaky getting better, meaning small amounts. So the fundamentals of cohort retention frankly haven't changed. And more importantly, the value of each cohorts are increasing. And honestly are in really nice shape.  I think your second question around partnerships, number one, there is our value proposition from a product and the customer job that matches the needs of our customer base. The second is that we can execute that really tight integration with fantastic CX or customer experience. If you think about what we've done with Microsoft 365, I mean, boy, that's the gold standard of really [indiscernible] a great product [Technical Difficulty] This is Scott. Currently, we had a little bit of a telecom issue through the central place, and now we are back. I think we were talking about partnerships. Basically, this is a big value proposition and tight CX. And Microsoft 365's, obviously, the gold standard of it. And what you're seeing in those other categories are the same execution.
Scott Wagner: On the specifics, we're not going to get into the partnership details, but we feel good about this. We have a great value proposition. These partnerships are going to continue for a long period of time. It'll be good. On the marketing spend, Ray is going to pick it up on marketing.
Scott Wagner: Yes, Zach. And again, these are quarter-to-quarter changes, the purpose is around managing lifetime value. And that doesn't flow on the calendar year. That's on -- if you think about it on a 12-month forward basis. And yes, we particularly focus on some of the higher value customers' ARPU, that's what you're seeing from not only our revenue performance. But again, the margin accretion that's not like a quarter-to-quarter thing, but the relationship between customers ARPU should work in the way that you described it.
Scott Wagner: All right. Hey, everybody. Appreciate it. And in closing, I want to say thank you, to everybody. In particular, thank you to the GoDaddy employees who are listening on the call and have been here with all of us for day in, day out for a long time. And particularly thank you to the investment community both in the sell and buy sides. Our dialogue over the past 4-plus years has been consistently both thoughtful and respectful. Good companies are always evolving as GoDaddy no doubt will, but one constant will be transparency and the view towards building a well-rounded business that delivers for customers, shareholders and employees. And thanks, everybody. I really appreciate it and good luck going forward. I know it will be a huge success. Thanks, everybody.
