Raymond Winborne: Sam, it's Ray. Effective with the close of the transaction, we're running these businesses together now under the GoDaddy EMEA banner. And so the decisions we're making are to get the best out of both of these businesses, so it's blurring the lines of separation. So you'll see we provided you with some of the key metrics, but we're not going to get down into the details of every revenue and expense line item because, frankly, it's just an exercise in precision without accuracy. But to give you a little insight into bookings, when we closed the transaction last year, we highlighted that their annualized bookings in '16 were 240 million. So if you look at the growth in that context, you'll see that the GoDaddy range is in that 12% to 13%. And GoDaddy did about 12% in the first quarter as well. And same commentary around unlevered free cash flow, not breaking up the specifics between the two businesses because of the intermingled operations. But bigger picture and stepping back there, we've guided unlevered free cash flow to $480 million at the midpoint 2017 and growing that to $600 million in 2018. So that 20% growth algorithm that we've been discussing on past calls continues to be our target. Hopefully, that helps you out a little bit with looking underneath the covers there.
Raymond Winborne: Deepak, just to tack on, this is Ray, to tack on to Blake's point, if you look at that Hosting and Presence line now, it's an $800 million-plus annualized revenue line item. So it's going to take a decent number to start moving the meter there. On your question around purchase accounting, obviously completed the preliminary allocation. The numbers came in a little better than what we had guided to the Street last quarter. And I wanted, because of the confusion around that haircut in the deferred revenue, we wanted to give you guys a point estimate for the year. So it's $150 million, up from $140 million last quarter. We've recognized $46 million. So as you look at the third quarter guide and then the implied fourth quarter as we give the full year guidance, you'll see that tick up. Now one thing to note if you look back at historical GoDaddy, the haircut and the purchase accounting impact is not as extreme. It happens mostly upfront in HEG getting their shorter term on their customers. So hopefully, that helps you out.
Raymond Winborne: Jason, it's Ray. On your HEG question specifically around Hosting and Presence, give you a little context on HEG's impacts on the different product lines. Very rough split. HEG is about 30% Domains, 60% Hosting and Presence, and 10% biz apps. If you apply those ratios to the $46 million in revenue that we put in this quarter, that will give you a good sense of what it contributed. But the GoDaddy Hosting and Presence is still growing at double digits, very similar to first quarter rates.
Raymond Winborne: Yes, just to pile on to Scott's comment, Brian, one of the things we did with Office 365 when we introduced it into our own GoDaddy customers a few years ago was we've modified the installation process to go from 22 individual screens down to 1, with a lot of deep programmatic capability on the back end that made it super simple for somebody to get exactly the name they wanted on one of the domains that they owned. And we will absolutely do the exact same thing at HEG to make it just a wonderful product experience. So you'll see the same kind of traction that we've had in our franchise at HEG, but we're going to make sure that we offer the exact same quality level from an experience and customer delight perspective that we've done at GoDaddy, which has given us that nice lift that we've had in that business.
Raymond Winborne: Ken, it's Ray. I'll take your first question. It wasn't necessarily a decline in the quarter. Obviously, as we closed the acquisition, we brought all the receipt-level detail, all their key metrics into GoDaddy and aligned those metrics to our definitions. So that changed the number that we had said before to where it landed. It's really removing the duplicates across the brands. So that's just a definitional alignment.
Raymond Winborne: Yes. So as you look at the leverage we got this quarter, we're fairly small year-over-year. HEG is helping with that a little bit with just given the size of their hosting business and how much more they're levered there. But I think, I'm going to stick to the same script that we guys have been telling - we've been telling you guys over the past 6, 8 quarters. You're going to see that number move over time. As we hit more of the higher growth products with higher margins, you should see that increase. But for modeling purposes, I want you to keep it steady. Because as we add more products in, we want the flexibility to put them either buy, build or partner. And depending on that decision, that's going to drive a different P&L perspective. So we're, like we always have, we're managing to the adjusted EBITDA margin. So where it lines in the P&L is based off of those decisions.
Raymond Winborne: Yes. Lee, as far as what's baked into that full year guide on $150 million in revenue, it's the current product set that we've got to put in place, as Scott mentioned, SSL certificates and domain aftermarket experiences as well as the pipeline that we've got coming along of WordPress offerings, GoCentral, eventually O365. A lot of that is moving into next year though. So you won't see a lot of uplift this year from that product integration because it's being done over time.
Blake Irving: So we actually are really pleased with the hypothesis, which was if we added a new on-ramp for folks that were not GoDaddy customers, that they would start coming into the franchise. So we're using GoCentral as this new on-ramp, and it's working. You heard me mention in the comments that we actually are seeing Domains become an attach product for GoCentral customers, which is something we're doing with some really nice algorithmic suggestions on what a customer should do based on what they've actually entered into their website. We're not going to split between how many are new versus GoDaddy customers, but we're absolutely attracting new customers with GoCentral who have not been in the GoDaddy franchise before, and we're quite pleased about that.
Blake Irving: Sure. So this is Blake. So SmartLine, you'll start seeing us start actually marketing at top of funnel in the fall. We have certainly thousands of them in the hands of users, have just introduced texting actually to the users that have the SmartLine capability today. You'll see that rollout in the next couple of weeks more broadly. And I think that the two features that I mentioned, one was 800 numbers that will come out in the remaining of the year, calendar year, and vanity numbers that are numbers that feel like they are the same name as your website, and we intend to do some pretty interesting bundling between, frankly, GoCentral Mail and SmartLine, so you can have a full business package between having a website, a professional e-mail and a professional phone number that will be - that will make you feel like you are in business and have all the advantages of a large business. We're pretty darn happy with it, and the installation and the usage is steadily climbing.
Blake Irving: Deepak, this is Blake. So on GoCentral, we're seeing, I'll call it, mid-single-digit conversion, and I'd say, over the last couple of quarters when we introduced the product, we've seen a steadily increasing conversion rate. As we've dialed in sort of the purchase path flows and actually letting people get access to the product and making it just frankly easier and easier to build a website. So we're seeing folks quite pleased with the tool, with the results the tool creates. And then, they start converting. You got to think of this business though, I think, in terms of contribution. Remember, this is a lot of our revenues, as you know, are already in the franchise because we're a renewal business. And so until we start rounding, I think, some of these new GoCentral users into renewals, we're not going to see I think a substantial contribution to the hosting line. Certainly, it's going to grow, but if you think about hundreds of thousands of customers at 5% - hundreds of thousands of publishes at 5% conversion, you can kind of just do the math from there. And I think that we'll continue to see that grow and start lapping itself in terms of subscription services.
Blake Irving: Jason, this is Blake. I'll cover one, let Ray cover 2, and then, Scott will cover 3. Look, the logic of putting Hosting and Presence together is they're both websites. When somebody wants to put a presence on the Web with a URL, they want to be found, right? You're either going to do a DIY website builder, you're going to hire a professional to build a website for you, or you have advanced skills and you're going to build it yourself. And remember that more than 50% of websites today are built by a professional, not built by a business owner themselves. So we look at that hosting business, whether it's being built by a professional or an advanced user or somebody using a DIY website builder as being, frankly, elastic, they're going to make a choice on whether they're going to use a simple DIY website builder, have somebody build it, or advanced enough to go use a more advanced hosting product, and that's why we put those things together.
Blake Irving: Yes, so the PlusServer, when you see it in the P&L, it's being treated as a discontinued operation. So it won't show up in the revenue or the expense. It's on its own line item. And it's a very - relatively small contribution this quarter. So...
Blake Irving: Yes, James, Domains is still going to be a very big - our biggest by far engine of attach. So folks, generally, the pattern is, I have an idea, I'm going to name it. That is still largely the way most people get online today. There's other paths and on-ramp that's happened over the last few years where, I'm going to go play with the tools, see if I can stand up and get a website and name it, is something that is happening not at the same volume, but it's certainly happening across the industry. And what we have seen is because we have as much expertise as we do in Domains to use our algorithms to help somebody find exactly what they want, once they have built a website and we can actually look at all the text that they've entered in that website, what category of business they've chosen, what they've named their business, we can actually just suggest domains from the information they've already provided us without them ever having to search for a domain. So we can put up four or five suggestions that are very close to what they had in their mind when they started creating their website. And it's become a pretty powerful attach mechanism for us. We still think that Domains will be the giant hook that people use mentally when they say, "I've got an idea and I want to name it." But we know that this is going to be an important on-ramp for us going forward.
Blake Irving: This is Blake, Matt. We're actually seeing verticals that are sort of what you'd expect, restaurants, real estate, photography, and I won't go through the list. We've got 16 that we think are the big hitters. And what we're seeing is that we're seeing behavior of those individuals and knowing exactly what they are doing. And then, we can take the product and start tailoring it to what we're seeing user behavior when - in the creation process. So adding capability that we know that these folks are interested in. We're scanning any kind of feedback where we're missing something that they think would be perfect for their site and then addressing those. And you'll start seeing us start lifting features and start lifting those broad categories, plus subcategories underneath those broad categories. If I use restaurants as an example, there are many categories underneath restaurants by type of restaurant that are also important. And imagery, and menu items, et cetera, start to change as well as whether it becomes a takeout business or not. So there are some really interesting things that we're getting signal on from folks that are using the product today and who are using that signal to tailor the product going forward.
Blake Irving: No, it's all leverage. Like the really - let me just explain the framework. So the way that we've built the product is incredibly programmatic. So if you think about if you play with GoCentral, you have right rail editing tools that allow you to make changes to the site. If I use a wedding site as an example, all we have to do is - to make that a wedding-specific product is make sure that we have the editing tools named in a way that somebody building a wedding site would think of it. So if they had a guest list or they had an invite list and they wanted to have a registry gift area, we just change the names in a file that is super simple and programmable. That makes it very easy for us. So we've got a ton of leverage out of the product without having to spend a lot more into it to produce a vertical. So that was the premise and the hypothesis of going super simple and horizontal to start with, and then building vertical depth on top of that capability.
Blake Irving: Well, I mean, ultimately, we would like folks that are on Website Builder 7 to migrate to GoCentral. We're not going to force a migration for people because it's an unpleasant experience when that happens. But picking up all the features, and one of the things I'll say is GoCentral had a deeper - sorry, Website Builder 7 had a deeper feature set that was not modular and was not - we would not gain operational capability with that product. So as we add more and more critical capability, we'll start seeing people migrate across from Website Builder 7 over to GoCentral. But again, we're not going to force that migration.
Blake Irving: Yes. Lee, this is Blake. I'll answer the first one, and then I'll hand it over to Ray. So we are seeing folks that are showing up that are new to our franchise that are considering building a website first. They can do that with us. They can do that with other competitors. And what we've got a pretty interesting set of on-ramps for somebody who's going to build a website. We have a WordPress on-ramp that is much more complex, that allows unbelievable extensibility and flexibility and, frankly, has more development capability for folks that are pros and developers. And then, this new cohort that we're seeing show up in our customer base are folks that are saying, "I really don't know anything technically. I just want to build something super simple. Please make it easier than PowerPoint." And these are folks new to the franchise that are showing up, that are playing with the tool, trying it out, publishing sites and then activating them against a domain name. And that is a new cohort for us. And frankly, we've even seen folks that are displaced, and this actually happens quite often, where somebody will have a website developer build the site for them, the website developer gets a full-time job because they were a freelancer, and they kind of disappear, and now, they're left in the lurch. And so what we've seen happen are folks that are actually rebuilding websites that they've had before with a developer who's no longer there and being happier with the results of this new website. And this is somebody who may not have been a customer of ours. And then, coming in and building one from scratch and being happier with the results than they were with a Web pro site that was built for them. So there's actually a dog rescue business. It's highlighted on one of our earnings slides that you can go check out to get a flavor for that. And I'll pass it over to Ray on HEG.
Blake Irving: Well, it looks like that's the last question, everybody. So I'd like to thank all of you for spending time with us on our second quarter earnings call. And yes, Marta, I was just told, tell everybody it's your birthday. There's no better way to spend a birthday than doing an earnings call. So thanks, everybody. And we look forward to talking to you in the third quarter. Bye now.
Scott Wagner: And when you talk about marketing spend, the promise of SmartLine is a broad one when you think about being able to get full functionality of a phone for a couple bucks a month and a second line. And so from a go-to-market standpoint, as these features come online, we're going to start to test marketing spend all around the LTV to CAC economics and see what kind of spend, what channels in messaging works, and we'll go from there.
Scott Wagner: Jason, help me out on the last question, just around conversion on GoCentral or SmartLine. I just want to make sure that I'm able to answer your - answer it accurately.
Scott Wagner: So part of the renewal, Blake's renewal comment is this is just - it's a renewal business. And so right now, we're getting new builds from both - new builds from existing customers and attracting new customers to the franchise. But new by itself on top of a big renewal base, it's just tough to move sort of a P&L needle. And so the focus is get new builds, again, new customers and even with their existing customers, and as those new builds flow into renewal cycle, add, frankly, the conversion rates and the resonance that we're seeing with customers, that should produce a positive lift to renewals and you're getting the flywheel going of more new coming into a renewal base. So the focus on the product is still get a new idea, and whether it's to a new customer or an existing - or a new idea from an existing customer or a new one. Now over time, there are interesting ways that we can think about and play with conversion of old sites into the new content platform, but that's maybe down the road.
Scott Wagner: Yes, please. We're really pleased with the progress we, and it's now the collective EMEA team that made creating a single care operation. I'll tell you, one of the things that we were excited about the HEG business was the commitment to care, particularly as a support mode. So the business in the European operations of HEG had a similar ethos around support and had been trying and experimenting with, again, intelligent next product additions, all, again, support turning into sales, which is really the method that we've been operating in and perfected over 20 years. And so what's nice is it's actually been pretty easy to describe the model that we're trying to get to and then build it up in Europe. And obviously, when you're dealing with hundreds of agents and reps in different calls, if that's not a snap your fingers business practice and then it rolls out. But we feel really good about the practice of A+ quality support and being able to translate that into a revenue event and being able to have an operation that's going to operate at that way very well in early 2018 in Europe.
Scott Wagner: Sorry, I figured I'd just - it's O365, I'll take it. The reinforcement of productivity and branded e-mail as a value proposition that certainly extends into Europe is strong. I'm not sure there's any immediate thing that we'd call out in the results relative to O365, other than the confidence that when we add a fantastic simple onboarding experience, plus the ability to migrate from an older e-mail system, whatever it might look like, into a branded both e-mail and productivity suite, that the value proposition is just a superstrong one.
Scott Wagner: As we've talked about in past calls, we have a global business. We have operations in Asia and in Europe. Obviously, now, combined with HEG, we're getting to be a pretty big size in Europe. In Asia, our markets - India, which we've talked about in the past, is a very big and growing market. And then, an effort over the last year has been to pick up our investment effort in several of the countries, both around China and outside in Chinese Mandarin language. And that's going well. Obviously, we're starting from a smaller base. And I think, we had quantified that in past calls on the size of the Asia base, but we continue to see nice growth as we build up our businesses there. I think the important point is, again, the need state that we serve is a pretty horizontal one around the world, which is customers getting an idea, not only up and running online, but having it grow and thrive, both with front office and back office solutions. And what we're building is a global platform to be able to serve that need state around the world.
Scott Wagner: Yes, Jonathan, it's Scott. So first on the marketing and advertising and marketing side, we've always - we've talked about it growing in line with revenue. And if you go backwards over time with us, you'll see in some quarters, it's a little lower in revenue and sometimes it's a little more. And I'd tell you to not hone in on any particular quarter, but that trending roughly in line with revenue is still the right long-term trajectory. Remember, when we think about our advertising and our marketing lines, we're really using these on an LTV to CAC basis. And going into either geographies or particularly product lines, looking for ways and continuing to grow around the world while maintaining what are pretty nice lifetime value to CAC returns on economics. And so when we think about our marketing spend, it's really around those metrics and not necessarily sort of what it looks like in any particular quarter. In terms of your second question on care and retention, remember, at the acquisition, we shared that HEG's retention was actually really, really strong. Now on a customer level, remember, customer, GoDaddy is at about 85% customer retention on an annual core level. HEG was actually at about 88%. Again, those brands underneath HEG offer a great experience and higher retention. It was a big part of that business model and why we felt really good about bringing those businesses in.
Scott Wagner: Yes, it's Scott. In terms of the conversion from free trial, solid. Again, if you look not only at our products but others using that sort of model, mid-single digit conversion tends to be a pretty good number. So we feel good about where it is now. And obviously, we're going to keep trying to work that as we go in the quarters ahead.
