Aman Bhutani: Hey, Jason. Thanks for that question. This is Aman. When we look at the third quarter, it represents record organic net sub growth for GoDaddy. We’re really happy with the progress here and as we look at Q2, like we said, in some of our prepared remarks, October continued to be in line with September and did really well year-over-year as well. And in terms of churn rates, they continue to be stable slightly better. Just going back to the idea that our customers truly are the everyday entrepreneurs, and if they hit roadblocks, they’re creative, they innovate, and they start something else and get on with it. And then, I’ll turn it to Ray for maybe a little bit more color and to your second question on the $350 million.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. let’s take the specific examples from previous quarters, and then I’ll briefly touch on SkyVerge and how we look at the funnel. Our goal bringing in over, bringing in the experience from Uniregistry was that we wanted to bring to the GoDaddy family companies, teams that were building amazing experiences for customers, sort of best-in-class experiences. And then we want to take those experiences and bring them into our mainstream products like Websites + Marketing. So, when we talk about Over’s integration, it’s all very new right now. So, it’s less about what subscriptions it’s driving, and it’s more about what level of engagement we’re getting from the functionality we’re putting out there. For example, with the Over integration, there was a 50% increase in posts, sort of content creation and people posting that content on social media which shows immediate customer value. And that’s our core formula, right. We want to introduce these pieces whether it is Vimeo or others into the core experience, add the right place. It’s not early in the funnel. It’s as these customers are using these products, it shows up in a simple way at the right place, and it’s just intuitive for the customer to use it. And as we continue to create customer value, over time we can turn it into shareholder value by sort of moving people through the tiers, by taking pricing actions and such, but the first step is really creating customer value. And in terms of SkyVerge, it’s the same formula, SkyVerge team is fantastic in the WooCommerce space, and they have 60 plug-ins. they just are completely focused on building the best experience for customers, and it’s super new right now, but well you can expect the same thing from us that it will become part of our managed WordPress experience, and it will just be simple for customers in terms of their commerce experience with WooCommerce as well. to touch on the funnel just slightly, keep in mind that as we add these capabilities, they are coming in at the right place where the customer is using the product, they – these things don’t sort of in a sense; clutter the buying experience or the freemium experience in any way. In fact, if anything, as we layer on more and more capability and provide it as part of the freemium package, it – we feel it encourages people to use the product because they’ve got more functionality that they can use as part of the product.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. Happy to do that, Ron. Thanks for the question. on the first piece about the $350 million and just the color, we’re super-excited about that part of the business and how quickly, it’s growing, I think I’m blanking on the exact word you said, but just on the second part of your question, when I look at the sub’s growth, what I’m really focused on is are we providing the customers the product that they can try out? And as an example, you mentioned, Sellbrite. Sellbrite is doing really, really well, right. The GMV growth that we’re seeing, it’s fantastic, but it’s because we’re getting the product in the hands of customers and more, and of merchants are quickly using, Sellbrite. by the way, we’re seeing the same in Websites + Marketing. freemium means that more customers are using it. And yes, we’re a couple of quarters in and what that’s done is it’s given us enough confidence that we are rolling the freemium piece out sort of 10% to 20% at a time. It’s not 100% percent in the U.S. yet as we get into every part of our website and our sales path, that’s the place we’re going into.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. And I’ll also clarify the numbers that we gave for subscriptions. The $2.2 million doesn’t include subscriptions for over or Sellbrite. Those are core Websites + Marketing and managed WordPress. And what we say, what we believe is that over and Sellbrite sort of the customers use that as part of our core platform. And then you asked the question, fixed to hit back to me around gaps, in our offering. the commerce offering is driving a ton of that growth in those suite of products, right. So that’s really fantastic and we serve the needs of a certain set of customers really well already. The way I think about it is that as we grow to sort of cover more and more customers, we are going to have to add feature set. And that’s sort of an order of operations say, what’s the next thing that we need to go after and let’s build that capability or buy that capability, put it in place, and then offer it to customers in as simple a way as possible.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. Matt, on the revenue growth, glad you’re noticing we’re happy with what we’re seeing there from an acceleration perspective and what we’ve messaged in the past remains true. Any upside we see in cash flow, we’re putting back into the business. We invested a lot in marketing this quarter. We’ll invest again, in the fourth quarter and we’re going to continue to lean in there as long as we’re seeing the returns. on gross margins, don’t forget, Q2 was weighed down by the COVID impacts at the top line with honestly, no relief in cost as we maintain salaries across the board. Q3 does include a benefit now consolidating GoDaddy registry, right. We talked about that acquisition and the benefits there of eliminating the domain costs that we formally paid out to an external party. My final thought on gross margins, though, right. We’ve consistently messaged for forward modeling, keep us both safe by staying in that mid-60s. Yes, you’re right. As we move more into these software centric offerings, those are higher margin, but we’re continuing to put more into that bundle and we want to maintain the flexibility on pricing. So, I think it’s still mid-60s is a good place for your models.
Aman Bhutani: Thank you, Mark. Regarding the first part of your question on the marketing cost and the return we’re seeing, we continue to see strength on the brand side as we have historically core metrics like [indiscernible] brand awareness consideration, something we measure, which has for people like me, we continue to see sort of good performance and numbers heading in the right direction. Our performance marketing continues to show strength as well. You’re right, there were some differences in the quarter and cost per impressions that have gone up a bit. We’re still seeing good cost per impression for the business as a whole. And the overall result, as we mentioned, it has been amazing. We had – we have a super valuable cohort. It’s the biggest cohort in the company’s history, which is the third quarter cohort. And it’s not as big as, we’re growing every quarter, or every year. This cohort is 30% sort of more valuable than other cohorts. It’s really, really a big increase in what we’re seeing. In terms of the lapsed customers, and as we talked about, a lot of our customers stay with us even after their ventures go away. So we – some of that happens within our system already, it’s not new, but I’m not aware of anything special in terms of that changing during COVID, but I’ll turn it to Ray to see if there’s something he wants to mention about that.
Aman Bhutani: Thanks Mark. On the freemium piece, yes, there are a couple of quarters in, and it’s given us the confidence or the experiment has given us the confidence to continue to roll out freemium. It’s still early to talk about specific metrics on that – on those cohorts. But generally we’re happy with the experiment. This is the path forward for us, and we want more and more and more customers to be using our freemium products, and we will get better and better and better at converting them over time. The more features that that we’re including in the freemium product, sort of the more usage we see we’ll be able to optimize a number of things over time. In terms of pricing and I don’t think we can comment much in terms of what pricing actions might be there in the – going into next year or what we need to do, but I’ll turn it to Ray, to see if there’s some commentary that he wants to include here.
Aman Bhutani: Yes, I’ll take the first and Ray can take the second. On the e-commerce side, Websites + Marketing is going amazingly well by itself and the commerce tier is growing much faster than Websites + Marketing overall. So, yes, we were improved. We’ve improved the product. We continue to invest in it, and we’re seeing good results there. Good demand from customers there. In terms of monetization options, Deepak, the focus for us right now is to get the scale, right? We have a great offering by making it easier for customers to use by getting them premium tiers, by inserting more and more capabilities for them by increasing usage, like now [ph], increasing the use of certain features. We are creating that surplus for the customer. And definitely, the areas that you talked about continue to be future opportunities for us, but it’s an order of operations. First, we want to get the scale and we share the GMV numbers with you. And then we want to look at the future options of monetization. And then I’ll turn it to Ray for the second question.
Aman Bhutani: Yes, I think, Chris, we continue to see great growth with business apps. And that we were able to attach that product along with domains were able to have customers reach us and we’re offering sort of best-in-class service for them offering for them both in terms of tool set and in terms of support. And it’s hard for me to talk about how the percentages may line up over the next few years, but generally speaking, we feel we have a great product. We feel that customers are very appreciative to have it. We see really good responses in terms of NPS, from customers on this product set. So we – our intention is to continue to invest into it and make it easier and easier for customers to use. We’ve had a couple of sort of innovative ways of being able to somewhat support customers so that customers can get themselves set up with email in a really, really simple way. And then I don’t know Ray, if there’s anything else, that some of the other comparisons, I don’t know, Chris, that you can sort of – they’re kind of apples and oranges in my mind, but really, I don’t know what you’d add.
Aman Bhutani: Thank you, Christie. I’ll just say a huge thank you to all GoDaddy employees all over the world for a strong quarter. And we’re looking forward to the next quarter. Thank you very much.
Ray Winborne: Hey, Jason. it’s Ray, ARR is not apples-to-apples, obviously, with booking. So, it’s cash versus revenue, but really happy with what we’re seeing there from those products. From a booking’s perspective while we’re growing at relatively similar levels.
Ray Winborne: And Ron, it’s Ray. I want to clarify one point on that, within our customer count number, does not include freemium. Those are paid only subscriptions. So that record organic growth is for paid subscriptions, not freemium.
Ray Winborne: Yes. Ygal know, I mentioned this maybe, on the last call, but a lot of our competence is coming from the recurring nature of the business model. A couple of things that point out to your very point, our core customer is a solopreneur, right. it’s one to five employees in a lot of cases. And when they get knocked down, they get backed up. We’re providing them all the tools they need for $20, $25 a month. It’s an incredibly valuable service through them. And it’s one of the primary reasons our customer retention rates. It’s been so strong for gosh, 20 plus years now. I think folks have consistently gotten it wrong about what’s perceived to be as exposure to volatile small businesses. These are entrepreneurs, not necessarily small businesses. So, when one fails, they pick up the next idea. Aman hit on the renewal rates, they’ve been very stable. The natural flow renewal event is roughly evenly spread over the year for us for 10 months in 2020, seven and a half months into the pandemic and renewal rates are holding. So, it’s instilling confidence in us despite the uncertainty in the market.
Ray Winborne: Yes, Brent. Obviously, your recall last year was a really tough comp, there was over a point of lift and bookings related to credit card abuse. So, I think one, I would look at net bookings as a cleaner view of the growth, which is closer to 13% year-over-year. beyond that noise, I mean, Aman hammered it in the opening comments, we are seeing historic growth in new customer ads. But remember that new bookings are small relative to the base, it’s roughly 10%. So, you’re not going to see that inflection immediately, but we’re super-critical for future growth. And there is strong demand for our offerings in the market. We’re investing to maintain that while maintaining our threshold. So, you saw us pour on the marketing. we’re seeing the results of that and new is growing very, very strong,
Ray Winborne: Yes, I think what I would say is we hit the peak midsummer. The growth rates are still spectacular. I mean, these are record growth rates, but we’re starting to see some seasonality, some waning and demand in the market, but I would still tell you, these are our historic growth rates that we’re looking at right now.
Ray Winborne: Yes. Mark, let me pull a little finer point on that. The growth in new purchases from the existing base is year-over-year relative to the trend before COVID not as high as we’re seeing certainly in the new customers, but still solid growth year-over-year. So, definitely, demand spiked as well and the existing base.
Ray Winborne: Yes, Mark, I think if you look at the disclosures we made this quarter around those products, there’s a mix of both volume, unit growth as well as positive mix. The percentage of customers coming in at the higher tiers that has been favorable since COVID hit. So that’s helping as well, but, yes, no comments specific comments around what that will look back in the next 12 months.
Ray Winborne: Yes. Obviously, let me talk about the size of the cohorts that we’ve seen over the last couple of quarters being historically largest we’ve seen, as far as performance, still, really early to be able to tell how they’re going to perform over the longer period. We flashed up, a cohort we picked up in the great recession in 2008, you can see the long-term performance on that turned out to be right in line with other cohorts. So, I have no reason to suspect these cohorts are going to perform any differently, but we’ll see over time. One thing I would point out is in these cohorts post-COVID, we are seeing a heavier mix of attachment for Websites + Marketing manage WordPress.
Ray Winborne: Yes, Brent its broad-based, right. We started, increasing the stand on marketing when we saw demand spike back in May, June timeframe. And that was pretty evenly split domestic and international. So, the incremental spend is going towards both of those and obviously seeing some nice improvement in trajectory there. Nothing specific to any one geo it’s strong around the world.
Ray Winborne: Yes, vast majority of that’s organic, right? Those acquisitions were both small on an ARR basis, less than 5%.
Ray Winborne: Yes. Chris, only you might put on top of that is that, our focus both from a product perspective and go to market right now is only the software products, right? That’s I suppose, marketing and manage WordPress and then all of the marketing tools that go in with that marketing commerce tool. So, less focused on hosting whereas we may have quoted back years ago. We now have more prominent software products that we’re pushing on the go to market.
Ray Winborne: Yes. Drew it’s Ray. Obviously we saw a nice improvement, a lot of that being driven off the back of the growth in our software products there, I’m still seeing headwinds and will until we laugh the restructuring actions we took in June. But I think, all clear as far as the pressure we’re seeing there.
Ray Winborne: Yes, I think the fact that we had a record organic net customer ad this quarter in the company’s history tells you, we are seeing the demand.
Christie Masoner: Our next question comes from the line of Ygal Arounian from Wedbush securities. Ygal, please go ahead. Ygal, please mute your line.
Christie Masoner: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney from RBC Capital Markets. Mark, please go ahead.
Christie Masoner: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Zgutowicz from Rosenblatt Securities. Mark, please go ahead. Mark, please unmute your line.
Christie Masoner: Our next question comes from the line of Naved Khan from Truist. Naved, please go ahead. I Think Naved – we’re going to have to skip you for a second. Our next question comes through the line of Chris Kuntarich. Chris, please go ahead with your question from Deutsche Bank.
Christie Masoner: Our next question comes the line of Naved Khan from Truist. Naved, please go ahead. I think we don’t have audio from Naved to apologies. Everyone, thank you so much for joining our call today. And I’ll turn it back over to Aman.
