Mark McCaffrey: Thanks, Trevor, and good to see you. Good to hear from you. Just real quick on the outperformance in looking at aftermarket. We couldn't be more excited at the momentum we're seeing in the marketplace today around our aftermarket. As we exited the year, we saw an uptick in both volume and average deal size and we exited with deals that we're pacing at a great momentum. Just a reminder, it's a transactional business. So the sales cycle is short on those, so our visibility out in any period can be limited. But we're going to talk about it a little bit more tomorrow, but we couldn't be more excited at the momentum as we continue to see great demand in the market related to the platform. On Domains, we saw strength across the board. Customer retention rates remain strong. We also had added benefit from the Registry items that we noted. So when I look at it across the quarter, it's broad-based, clearly driven by aftermarket was the big pickup, but we saw strength across the board.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. Thanks, Aman. I'll ask it, we're going to talk a lot about segments tomorrow and some of our repositioning of our product pillars. So hang on tight with that question, if that's okay. I don't want to give away the lead story tomorrow. Having said that, on the upside, right, we couldn't have been more thrilled with the upside we saw in the market around aftermarket. And as I mentioned previously, it is a transactional business with a short sales cycle, and we're seeing great momentum in both volume and average deal size because it's transactional, it can provide some upside going forward. Now we don't have line of sight to that, and that's generally how we guide. But in answer to your question, we're excited about the upside there.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. And the great thing about our model and our durable revenue and our ability to generate cash is we can do so great attach, increasing ARPU and get better leverage because our business is sticky. And we continue to see that in marketing. We continue to see that in care. As our relationships grow, our ability to upsell and cross-sell, just get easier and we get better leverage out of it.  On top of that, we will continue to get leverage out of G&A. As we look to simplify our footprint, we're investing a lot in moving to the cloud. So again, the thing I love about our operating model is it flexible to agile and it creates a lot of leverage for us to both return cash to our shareholders as well as invest in durable growth.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. And I'll just add to that, Elizabeth, good to talk about again. Couldn't be more thrilled with the customer adds and the ARPU and the momentum. Really excited just showing the durability of the model and the strength of it going forward and the predictability of the revenue and the cash flow that we'll have into the future to invest and return to shareholders.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes, absolutely. And I think we're comfortable with the guidance that we're giving out here. We've seen the Omicron hit in January with our care, like Aman mentioned. We think it's limited. Obviously, we can't predict any other variants or other things happening out there for the quarter. But I think we're very comfortable right now with where we're pegging Q1.
Mark McCaffrey: Brent, perfect question, right? I would say we're going to get into the capital allocation strategy tomorrow. But one of the great things about our model, just leading up tomorrow is we have the ability to generate a lot of cash because of our predictability and bearability, but also look at other items that can accelerate growth and grow our business over the long term. So as I think I said in Q3, very much and versus an or for us and looking forward to getting the details of how we're thinking about that moving forward tomorrow.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. A couple of things. On -- just on the aftermarket part of it, and I'll try to bridge this from Q4 to Q1. It's a transactional business. So it impacts both bookings and revenue when it's recorded, but does not impact deferred revenue at the end of any given period. So it can provide upside in any given quarter, but does not have a what I'd call deferred revenue impact in future periods. So our visibility into any given quarter could provide variability. On the deferred revenue, I would say we're coming off of 2020 cohorts that were very large and we're coming into 2021 cohorts that are a little smaller. So we're seeing the deferred revenue balances come down based on that trend, but that's generally what you're seeing out there.
Mark McCaffrey: So Deepak, I would say we're seeing great momentum in 2022 when it relates to continuing to grow our business and provide durable revenue. We are excited about the momentum of the aftermarket, but it's still early stage for us to see that momentum and the variability will have from quarter-to-quarter. We are extraordinarily excited at the volume of the transactions going up, the average deal size going up. So we expect some momentum. But like I said, it can vary from quarter-to-quarter.
Mark McCaffrey: I'll take the first part of that, and maybe Aman, you can take the second part of that, the inflationary comment. Obviously, we're living in interesting times with inflations, and we saw a lot in the press today. The fallback I always look at it is, hey, we have a very durable model that has been around for a while, and we've seen the ups and the downs, and we've been able to continue to generate growth, continue to move forward. So we'll see what the ultimate impact in the macro is around inflation, but we're confident that we continue to meet our strategic objectives going forward. Example I always used to use or like to use, I think in 2008, our cohort has generated $1.9 billion over the period of time, which is fantastic when you think about that looking back at what that type of macro environment was. So we believe our model remains durable.
Mark McCaffrey: I'll take the first part of that. And Aman, maybe you take the second part of that. The gross margin this quarter was impacted by aftermarket. It's a lower gross margin point than some of our other products. So the outperformance impacted our gross margin. We still feel very confident in our operating margin and our ability to grow normalized EBITDA given the leverage that those models actually provide for us. But that is -- and the aftermarket did provide some downward pressure on our gross margin.
Aman Bhutani: Yes, I'm happy to jump in on that, Trevor. Yes, as I noted in the prepared remarks, Omicron did have a slight demand impact. And it has continued going into January as well. But as I said, we expect that sort of be limited to Q1 of 2022 in terms of impact. Just reflecting on the full year of 2021, as you might expect, sort of the growth was a reflection of the sort of outperformance in 2022 -- in 2020, given just the huge forward we had a 1.4 million net new customers in 2020.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. Thanks, Clarke. Just to clarify, when we talk about Managed WordPress customers and 25 percentage is the customer sort of signing up for Commerce tier and 25% of them are choosing GoDaddy Payments over the 140 options they have in Managed WordPress today, and we're super excited about it. And in terms of what's driving that, we continue to have a team that is focused on sort of surfacing GoDaddy Payments, making sure customers see it, they understand what we're offering. And of course, we have really competitive pricing in the market. We think we're at a price point that is attractive for our customers that allows us to reach customers in a manner that sort of breaks through the other players, and that's been helpful for us.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. We'll actually cover it quite -- in quite a lot of detail tomorrow, so I won't sort of cover it all today. But just as we talked about it a little bit, we're bringing a lot more value to the table with the integration of Poynt. Customer with GoDaddy now can not only sell sort of in their online stores, sell on the major platforms or on social media and in their physical store. We have a number of things like the Commerce Hub that bring it all together and make it very, very simple. So what we're doing is packaging up the best of that into a higher-end SKU. It's actually now available in the U.S. If you go to the website, you may not see. But if you try a few times, you will because it's sort of being AB test right now to see what sort of adoption we get for that higher-end SKU. But I will touch on more sort of related to Commerce and why we're so excited about Connected Commerce tomorrow.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. Thanks, Jo-Ann. Let me take the first part, and I'll turn the second over to Mark. On Omicron what the data we're looking at is both sort of across the world, the number of cases. And you know those charts as well as we do. And a little bit of our experience over the last 2 years, where if you remember a couple of years ago, as COVID started for a couple of quarters, we had talked about the COVID Arc whereas we saw cases increase, we saw sort of shifts in customer behavior and demand. And we think we're seeing something similar here where with the rise of Omicron, we see it in our own employee base, too, especially with care employees. And as cases have come down, our expectation is that things will sort of get back to normal, if you will.  And Mark, I'll turn the second part over to you.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. Let me touch on sort of the approach to marketing overall, Jo-Ann, and then maybe perhaps Mark can just touch on the leverage sort of across the other line items. Our approach to marketing over the last couple of years has been that when the demand was high, we wanted to make sure we lean into that demand. We wanted to make sure the customer we've maintained our share of voice and customers knew that GoDaddy had entered into Commerce. And we'll actually share more on that topic with you tomorrow as well. But as demand came down, we wanted to sort of bring the spend down with it, but not too fast. We didn't want to drag demand down for GoDaddy. So you saw us sort of bring that the demand -- the spend down as the demand came down. And in terms of leverage on the line items, I don't know, Mark, if you could just talk about that for a moment.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. I'll let Mark touch on the guidance, but Ygal, you asked a very hard question. And as you framed it yourself, no crystal ball to really be able to say how the demand looks or how the pandemic continues to impact demand or small businesses. I think the way we're looking at it is that 2020 was just a unique year. It was very, very different. And for multiple quarters, seasonality disappeared from the business, and every quarter was a bit different and very hard to look at. Now we tend to see more and more data points what I'll call normal seasonality is back in the business. And of course, it's going to be very hard to sort of see demand at the 2020 levels as a lot of companies saw. But the way -- when I say normal, what I mean is the normal seasonality pattern a bit more predictable demand that we are used to expecting in our business.
Aman Bhutani: Yes, Ygal, we should absolutely see those as new customers coming to GoDaddy, going through Websites + Marketing or Managed WordPress and the rate at which they're adopting GoDaddy Payments, right? But we -- it's too early to talk about our existing base. We do think we have an amazing product, GoDaddy Payments. We have great pricing, a great brand and there's an opportunity with our existing customers, but it's too early to talk about renewal cycle or things like that. We're literally almost like 6 months into GoDaddy Payments. So it's very, very early.
Aman Bhutani: Yes, I'm happy to jump in first on that, Elizabeth. When we think about overall customer, just to take the last part of your question, new customers, we continue to see -- if you take the sort of 2-year cycle instead of the 1-year cycle, I would say we see very consistent patterns with new customers. And we're particularly happy with the ARPU growth. It is a bit accelerated versus previous years. And we're very happy to see it. Our goal, of course, is to continue to maintain that type of ARPU growth. That's why we have the higher-priced products, the greater offering with Commerce. And we will touch on this tomorrow as well to just show you, again, the lifetime value of the customer as we attach more products with them, especially as we get into Commerce and how that opens up a bit more of the TAM for GoDaddy.
Aman Bhutani: Nothing more to add on the Omicron piece, Elizabeth, versus what I just already shared in terms of what we see in the cases, what we see in our employee base. We have the benefit of having a very large care organization that gets a lot of calls from customers. So we get a little bit, if you will, color on how people are feeling or doing. So that's what our estimate is based on. And in terms of FX, maybe Mark, you could weigh on that.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. I'm particularly excited about our top priority, which is Commerce and bringing Commerce to every surface that we have, Brent. You will see that tomorrow, I have picked at least 1 idea that I'm particularly excited about. So I go into a bit of detail. I won't showcase it now, but suffice to say that just bringing Commerce to every surface of the company is what I'm most excited about.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. Thanks, Drew. It's a bit too early to be giving our numbers on the OmniCommerce solution. We did share that we shipped -- we've got over 1,000 orders of point of sale. So definitely, customers are starting to realize that we have this solution and that they're excited to adopt it, but it's too early to be talking about split in terms of what we're seeing. We need a few more quarters of data and before we could talk about that.
Aman Bhutani: Matt, I'm going to give you the -- hey, can we wait until tomorrow. We're disclosing some new information on how we're going to be describing our revenue pillars going forward, and I think that will be able to answer your questions.
Aman Bhutani: Matt, the way I think about it, and Aman can add on to me the way I think about it is we have great opportunities going forward coming out of the pandemic, both to attract new customers as well as upsell our existing customer base. And while we don't get into which one is going to provide more, we think both create an exceptional opportunity for us to continue to grow the business at a durable rate which we've shown over time we can do.
Aman Bhutani: And Naved, on the Websites + Marketing, e-commerce customers, I think that's the data point you were referencing. We did share today the Websites + Marketing had grown 20%, but the Commerce SKU had been growing 24%. So we continue to see more customers in -- and that was ARR number. So we continue to see more attention in the Commerce SKU. And as I've shared earlier, we're actually launching a higher-end Commerce SKU, and it's testing in the U.S. now. So in terms of that -- in terms of the overall business, Commerce is becoming a bigger part of our Websites + Marketing business.
Aman Bhutani: And Sunil, on the Apple announcement, again, I'll touch on this tomorrow, but we have a firm belief that the commerce use cases are going to appear on every surface that exists. And be tightly coupled to every product that's out there that where it makes sense. So I actually touch on it tomorrow a bit to share at GoDaddy, we believe that Commerce use cases are just going to be Omnipresent on everything we do. So no surprise that Apple is sort of bringing forward capability that allows folks to sort of tap in there just with the icon.
Aman Bhutani: Thank you, Christie, and thank you all for joining us. We look forward to spending more time with you tomorrow at our Investor Day. And I'll just end by thanking all the GoDaddy employees all over the world for another great quarter and all the hard work they put in coming in every day with everything else going on. Thank you very much.
