Ray Winborne: Thanks, Scott. We started 2019 on a strong foot with an acceleration in underlying bookings trends, continued strength in customer and ARPU growth and ongoing margin expansion that balance is growing cash flow with the right rate of reinvestment for the long term. Q1 bookings grew to $871 million, rising 13.5% on a constant currency basis or about 100 basis points faster than fourth quarter growth. Reported bookings growth of 11% reflects about 230 basis points of currency headwinds and at today's exchange rates we expect this to continue into Q2 and be a wash in the second half. Revenue came in at $710 million, growing 13.5% on a constant currency basis and 12% on a reported basis, reflecting 150 basis points of exchange rate headwinds. Like for like revenue growth decelerated a couple of hundred basis points from Q4 which reflects tough comps from a year ago, most notably in our aftermarket business. Our key metrics remain strong, reflecting goodness in both ARPU and customer growth. ARPU rose to $150, up 9 % year over year and normalizing for acquisitions and currency remained steady in the mid-single digit range. Our customer base grew more than 6% to $18.8 million, adding over 1 million net new customers in the past year. As we see continued strength in new ads and modest reductions in churn, Unlevered free cash flow for the quarter grew 22% year over year to $199 million. Our trailing 12 month unlevered free cash flow margin expanded to 24%, up over 100 basis points versus a year ago. On the balance sheet, we finished Q1 with $1.1 billion in cash and short term investments. Net debt landed at $1.3 billion or about 1.9 times net leverage. As Scott touched on earlier, we made a couple of smaller acquisitions after the quarter ended, which are immaterial in both cash outlay and their contribution to the P&L With that, I'll turn to our outlook for the rest of 2019. We continue to expect mid single digit growth in customers and ARPU will produce full year revenue of $2.97 billion to $3 billion, implying full year growth of 12% to 13 %. For the second quarter, we expect revenue of $730 million to $740 million, representing 12% to 14 % growth versus the second quarter of 2018. For full year unlevered free cash flow, we expect to generate $730 million to $745 million, representing a 0.5 of margin expansion versus 2018. With our recent credit rating upgrade, we now expect net cash payments for interest in 2019 to be $80 million to $85 million, yielding slightly faster growth and unlevered free cash flow in 2019. Stepping back, we continue to deliver consistent results, while executing against our key priorities in customer experience, product and marketing, laying the foundation for sustainable growth in the future. Thanks everyone for joining us today. And with that operator, let's open up the call for questions.
Ray Winborne: Hey, Brent. It's Ray. I'll take the first of those and I'll pass it to Scott on pricing. As far as the acceleration in bookings quarter-to-quarter, it was broad based across a number of areas where we're driving change in product, as well as go to market and merchandising. And you can see that show up in both the customer growth, as well as the ARPU growth.
Ray Winborne: Hey, Jason. It's Ray I'll take the first one and the last one, I'll pass the one on e-commerce to Scott. When you're looking at biz apps, I wouldn't point as much to currency within there, there's about 150 basis points of currency headwind in the revenue this quarter and a disproportionate amount of that headwind is actually in the Hosting and Presence line. With biz apps it landed you know, exactly where we expect in the quarter. If you'll recall from the last fourth quarter call, I talked about us lapping a number of initiatives and merchandising changes from last year, just creating a little tougher comp this year. It is still by far our fastest growing product category. We're on a trajectory now for this to be a $0.5 billion business this year. And if you look at the quantum of growth on a dollar basis, it's been pretty darn steady, if you look at past about four or five quarters. We continue to see line of sight there to hit that three to four times customer growth algorithm. We've been talking to you guys about our longer term.
Ray Winborne: Yeah. And on your last question around expense growth. You know, we talked to you guys through the back half of last year where we were investing back in the business, given the tailwind we had on revenue, you will see that combined with the cash burn from Main Street impacting our expenses through the second half of this year, then you should start to see those growth rates level out in the back half.
Ray Winborne: Hi, Naved. It's Ray. I'll take the first one on FX. The headwinds were right in line with what we expected. I think I said two to 250 basis points on the fourth quarter call and it came in here right in the middle there. As we look into the rest of the year as I mentioned on my call comments, we would expect a similar pressure in the second quarter. And then that will balance out over the remainder of the year.
Ray Winborne: Yes I mean, you know we can't get into the details around stock buybacks, but we're economically management team. You know as far as capital allocation priorities go they haven't changed. It's organic growth, M&A, share repurchases in that order.
Scott Wagner: Yeah. Hey, Brent. And on your price question. Overall, our strategy is having an incredibly valuable product at a valuable price and over time you know we're constantly looking at how we wrap our products together with the lowest prices you know. And tweaking - tweaking that. So that again there's overall value. You know again our combination of ARPU is around adoption of products. It's around value-add and then select pricing. And I think you're wrapper comment was is what you saw selective and the answer is yes selective. It fits with the philosophy and strategy we've had for a long time around value product at a value price.
Scott Wagner: Hey, Jason. It's Scott. And on e-commerce, right now both we as GoDaddy, plus Sellbrite both monetize through subscription and as of right now our focus is going to be around driving unit adoption. So Sellbrite combined with GoDaddy to have an incredibly valuable capability not just to have an online site in the open web, but also connect that card to everywhere it needs to be online and to have that for monthly subscription. Now we will obviously think about and look at ways to think about transaction flow over time, but as of right now our focus is going to be around driving units and driving adoption.
Scott Wagner: Hey, Zach in India, we've said we've got over a million paying customers in the market which is great. Obviously, India is still in pretty early stages of open Internet adoption and you know our own growth there will be continuing the ride that adoption curve. And as I mentioned particularly of a couple of tailored products to the pros who build online presences for others. And so you know, we think that India has continued trajectory and you know I'd say what we're also seeing through hope and exchange and other things is really nice growth in other emerging markets like Brazil and Mexico.
Scott Wagner: I would - nothing that's I think particular to call out to everybody, again our - the strategy around value product at a value price point is great. I will say there are others in our industry that are very explicitly trying to drive significant price increases in a couple of categories. I think that puts us in a nice relative position. Our biggest focus is around quality right now of the experience around adoption and units and being able to do more with our existing customers. So you know, in terms of the premise of your question, I don't think there's anything that I or we should call out specifically and again our focus will be around doing more with our existing customers, driving value in adoption and that'll show up well over time.
Scott Wagner: I mentioned with Jason's question around the FX exposure there. From a Main Street perspective, you know, we had disclosed to you guys a $40 million run rate to $10 million a quarter for Main Street in that existing business and that's good place over for you to continue to push in there. As far as GoCentral and Managed WordPress, the two applications show up in that line. We're not disclosing that every quarter Scott talked about it last quarter with the 40% growth. We're continuing to see good growth in those applications.
Scott Wagner: Well, I think it's about expanding the range of capabilities within e-commerce, so you're right around you know service commerce and that's something that we've certainly ramped up over the last couple of years. And Sellbrite adds a capability again where you know somebody who's card can now absolutely get syndicated managed and show up across the big marketplaces. And that's just a great capability around product commerce. And so we think that this will allow us to deliver incremental value certainly GoCentral towards product commerce and down the road it's a great capability to add to WordPress. And so if you think about a lot of the footprint of e-commerce retail around there's a frankly a huge chunk of installed base within and around WordPress and we're excited about the capability that Sellbrite offers and how to deploy it not only to go central but also to the world WordPress community.
Scott Wagner: Great. Yeah, thanks Ron. Well, you know in the US the strategy has been to emphasize the GoDaddy brand and really standing for empowering everyday entrepreneurs and you're seeing that whether it's in social media or different YouTube executions ways to show and link GoDaddy to the full lifecycle of things that we can do with our customers. Because right now the richness of our product portfolio it is still something that frankly we've got an opportunity here in the US to expose or almost reintroduce ourselves to both existing customers and prospects. And so that's been the strategy and focus of frankly incremental dollars through the year and then when we say both brand enhancement and conversational marketing it's about those two things. So that's the first. And frankly again we're happy I think with the results both in terms of the receptivity of the message and how it's showing up in dollars. To your second question around connections. Think about that as a foundation. And it's a foundation in digital marketing that really brings together website, digital marketing and social presence, which are a continuum now and we're really poised to bring all three of those capabilities together in an easy simple way for customers, both at a product level and then obviously when you think about Main Street Hub that's a bit of a hands on execution that for certain people who need extra help or want somebody to take on those services for them or set up to do it. So appreciate the interest and connections and I would think about that as a foundation in digital marketing that we're going to do a heck of a lot more work in the quarters to come. So stay tuned.
Scott Wagner: Yeah, thanks. We don't, you know, don't run away from OX and what we've just done with Open Exchange, which is to be able to enable a world class e-mail productivity capabilities that a frankly really low price point. And so that's rolling out across emerging markets and we've doubled unit sales in some of the emerging markets that that's just been recently introduced, and so that's been a really nice execution that we're ramping up around the world. And we're excited about that on what it can do and then per Brent's question around it both digital marketing which really expands categories. Again, there's going to be more to come there to.
Scott Wagner: Great question. So first on Managed WordPress, again for context for those listening that may not know WordPress as well, you know WordPress is far and away the largest online publishing CMS, but obviously built on open source software and there's kind of four principle considerations and ways to add value around WordPress. One of which is site management, plugin updates is the single biggest pain point that any user of WordPress faces. Second is security and then third is sort of performance speed availability of sites themselves. And the fourth is kind of ease of management, simplicity of design, right, inherently as an open source system, you know a simpler framework around design and management. And so are our strategy around WordPress is not a side by side with what we're doing around GoCentral and is really aimed at those four things that we just talked about. And just to highlight what we did with ThemeBeans and CoBlocks both of those bring nice capability around the design making WordPress sites even easier to design and manage. So we're excited about it. Down the road and looking forward, we think there are nice opportunities to blend the capabilities between GoCentral and WordPress, but we'll get to that a little bit in the future. But we see these two things as both critically important and addressing the major needs of not just websites, but really publishing site creation and bringing websites social media and digital marketing together.
Scott Wagner: Thanks. And on Main Street Hub, we've been focused on doing two things with the capability of Main Street Hub. The first of which is product - bringing the product to Main Street Hub, which is really social media reputation, management and it's assisted - assisted reputation management through social and bringing it together with GoDaddy's website building and site creation capabilities. And we're pleased with the progress there. That's one team in our presence unit and it is being set up really well. The second has been to rebrand the Main Street Hub social media services as GoDaddy and introduce it into GoDaddy base. And as you mentioned we had shared a 2 million-ish whitespace or customers that were either buying those services from others or had high interest in it. And as we've rebranded those services as GoDaddy and are starting to introduce it into our base, we're seeing really nice take rate far above what Main Street Hub did on a standalone basis. And I would say that's on top of the acquisition you know pieces in case and so we're you know we're tracking where we want to be.
Scott Wagner: You could rather than share a specific number. Our potential to grow product commerce is via from the base at which we we're starting is quite high. And again I - would think about ways to frame it as that. Think about the number of WordPress sites that actually sell a product and we think again with a Sellbrite that's a really neat capability to add unique value to WordPress sites in particular. GoDaddy is the largest WordPress - the WordPress host. As Ray mentioned we have over 3 million plug ins and installs, obviously all those are not product commerce, but there's a base of WordPress sites that are product commerce that we think have you know that's the target environment within the base for incremental Sellbrite activity.
Scott Wagner: Thanks. I'm not sure it's consolidation as much as - bring capability to have a world class plug ins within the GoDaddy environment. I mean there's just - there is a lot of opportunity for us to add value for all of the WordPress sites sitting in our base and you know as you mentioned both CoBlocks and ThemeBeans what we're really able to do with those two is we and make the site design process easier, simpler. That's going to be great. And this is a step and we're going to do more - more of these kinds of things around WordPress both organically and in the right spot through M&A to.
Scott Wagner: Sorry can I have the question again. I didn't - it wasn't - didn't catch the first part of part of it.
Scott Wagner: We're just regular part of our practice, super tiny number of sites and this is just part of our ongoing legal site review process, but nothing special to call out there and it was a tiny number of sites.
Scott Wagner: Sure. On the first we're seeing 2x the level of unit sales and in those markets and we're in the process of rolling out open exchange around the world. Boy it's great to drive unit adoption and usage and you know that'll create a lot of value. So right now we're focused on driving OX adoption into emerging markets around the world. I'll let Ray coming on the second question.
Scott Wagner: You know Mark I wouldn't talk about it as specific feature capabilities. I think there's a couple of things that you're seeing us do if you look at not just feature releases but what we're doing. The first is bringing site creation which was really publishing into the open web, social media presence and digital marketing together. And I could pick off certain features and elements in each one of those categories. But we've got a I think a whole different level of capability that's coming in the intersection of those three things and what we're trying to do at a high level is have somebody whose idea there whether it's business or venture look great. Be everywhere it needs to be and allow somebody to engage with their own audience. And that - those are the customer things that we're driving. And really it cuts across sites social media and digital marketing. And it is an important and the elegant thing about GoDaddy is that we're creating DIY technical tools to allow people to do that in an elegant way. And building a service capability where we can put hands on work for the 50% plus of the world that actually wants somebody else to either build or manage their online presence. And you know that's the strategy and we continue to build capability to fulfill frankly that value proposition.
Scott Wagner: Hey, everybody thanks for joining us. Appreciate the questions as always and we'll talk to everybody next quarter. Take care.
