Aman Bhutani: Thanks, Ygal. I can take that. Obviously, we're very happy that our strong execution enabled us to deliver strong results in Q3. Even though as we shared with you, there was sort of the uneven demand signals that we were seeing over the summer. To answer your question and give you a little bit of sort of chronological view on it, we saw the drop most in July. There was a stabilization in August and then improved a bit in September, and October is working out in line with September. So we're still continuing to monitor, but we're cautiously optimistic about normal seasonality returning to the business, and that's what you're seeing in the guidance. We would like to share with you exactly what we see, which we did last time, and we're looking to do that again this time.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. I'm happy to start there. The real build here is to look at it from the ground up and say, what do our customers need to make these products accessible for them? And we broke down the pricing structure, and it's about technology and innovation. And as you know, we have a fantastic team from Poynt. And our goal is to not lose any money in payments or in hardware. Our goal is to build it up from the bottom, innovate, pass on the value to the customer. And I'm excited about the idea that customers look at this pricing and they adopt and that we see a lot of demand for our products.
Aman Bhutani: Thank you, Nick. On the giving preferential treatment to certain TLDs that we may own, we don't do that. All TLDs work on our registrar side in terms of their merit. It's about value to the customer whatever works best irrespective of whether we own the registry side or not. That's what we'll sell in front of the customer. We do -- to your question on Verisign price increases, as you well know, I think we -- our pricing is quite nuanced. We have pricing that's different by customer populations. We have pricing that's different by geography. We're pricing that differs when we bundle as an example. So we are always experimenting with pricing. We're always looking to optimize. And we realize that as GoDaddy, we have an opportunity to truly look at our options. And if it makes sense, and as you know, over time, registrars have passed Registry price increases to the customer. We have the option to do that. But we also have the option to not pass the price and look for opportunity to really optimize for profit dollars. And I'll turn it to Mark and maybe Mark, if you have something to add on that.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. Nick, just to quickly respond to that, you're right. A lot of customers don't get the dotcom they're looking for because it's already taken, pizza.com, somebody's already got it. What we do is we're improving our search results more and more, where we use machine learning and AI to give the customer options, and those options include TLDs. And it's actually very specific to the search. So it's really not about what TLDs we might own. It's really about what the search is and then providing the customers high up on search as it makes sense with those options with different TLDs and letting the customer make the choice.
Aman Bhutani: Sure, Brent. There a couple of data points here. We're looking at overall demand, sort of Google Search traffic as an example. And we're looking at how that's changing and evolving. And obviously, I know you have access to that data, too. But we parse it and we say, okay, is there a shift in the overall universe. And then we're looking at folks coming to our site, the gross customer ad and saying, okay, what percentage of that population is actually becoming customers for GoDaddy or approaching GoDaddy. So what do you see in the guide, the assumptions in it are around what we see over the last four, five months, and we see signals match up in the broader macro with our data. In terms of answering your question on what do we -- how does it compare to the past? Obviously, 2020 was a very large demand cycle, it was big cohorts and so on. So what we're really comparing against is 2019, and these demand signals are more in line with 2019 than 2020.
Aman Bhutani: Thanks, Elizabeth. It's really too early to talk about new versus existing users. As you know, we did a big launch called OPEN 21 and attracted a lot of customers, 20,000 folks plus got to see it. We have thousands of folks engaged in detailed sessions where we talked about how to do their marketing, how to sort of manage their off-line and online portfolios and get into the big markets and platforms. So -- but it's all very, very early. And unfortunately, it's too early to comment on any specific numbers.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. As you know, we have 1.5 million web Pros on our platform. Given the businesses we're in, we have access to a lot of these Pros. But we built the Hub so we could have engagement with them on a regular basis, give them ways to save them time, giving them ways to be able to do their jobs better and focus on growing customers and their business. The Pros focus on WordPress, that's what the hub is all about optimizing their experience there. And ultimately, what we're looking for is to get a bigger share of wallet with GoDaddy forum. We know Pros support lots of multi-sites. They have a percentage with us, and we know it's a very, very large opportunity for us to get a piece of the rest. Other places that where you'll see some monetization experiments, of course, we launched Invoicing. So that's a good tool. It creates lots of stickiness, but it also creates some economics. We're also experimenting with special offers within the Hub. So where we can try to see what encourages Pros to sort of buy something with GoDaddy versus something else. And just it's -- the idea there is let's try to share with them and say, hey, if you sell this product, we'll give you a piece of it. Those are the types of experiments you'll see, and those also create economics for us.
Aman Bhutani: Thanks, Sterling. It truly follows sort of the COVID arc that we've talked about in the past and likely UC as well. The demand environment that I talked about actually covered U.S. and international and we see a lot of similarities. Having said that, in certain geos, there is a bigger impact from COVID, and we see demand bounce around a little bit in those geos. But overall, in the GoDaddy portfolio, that's small. So if I look at the overall portfolio, there isn't really 1 geo to specifically call out as having any significant impact. And broadly, the trends are similar.
Aman Bhutani: Sterling, the pricing that we announced, the 2.3% plus $0.00 in-store and 2.3% plus $0.30 online, that's the pricing for Payments. But as you know, we have a lot of opportunity to build SKUs and bundles, including new value for these. So the experimentation that we'll be looking at is new SKUs that offer the full suite where customers get the force bang, if you will, and how do we price those things when we bundle things differently, the pricing for the hardware, those are the areas that you'll see us experiment more.
Aman Bhutani: Thanks, Naved. As you know, Poynt built its customer base, predominantly through channel partners, and those channel partners have banks want to use their rails for payments. But what that GMV does show is customer success. That customers at a very large scale are having a lot of success using this tool set. And obviously, our thesis of having Poynt be a part of GoDaddy is about us selling direct to customers, right? So I would look at that $20 billion as customer success and over time, more and more GPV flowing directly as we sell directly to customers.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. Overall, we are happy with the returns on our marketing spend. And what you're really seeing here is over the last year, as demand was very high, we wanted to maintain share of voice. We wanted to lean into that demand. And as the demand came down, we didn't want to pull back on marketing so hard that we actually pull demand down for ourselves. So we let the demand pull the marketing spend down. You're seeing some of that in the efficiency. You're also seeing some optimizations across channels, but no specific comment on channels that we're doing more on or less on. Overall, our demand profile, especially in the way we get bookings broadly remains the same.
Aman Bhutani: Thanks, Trevor. On Payments, the feedback on the products has been positive. One thing I talked about previously, if you remember, we had introduced just GoDaddy Payments. I'm not talking about Omnicommerce, GoDaddy Payments in the Websites + Marketing flow. And we had shared that we've seen good adoption from customers on Payments. We continue to see good adoption there. So we know that it's been holding over the last few months. And in terms of other numbers related to OmniCommerce, the devices are getting shipped all over the U.S. So you'll see them soon. But it's really too early to comment on specifics, except that the customer feedback is good.
Aman Bhutani: Thank you, Christie. I'll just end with thanking you for joining. We appreciate your questions. I look forward to engaging with you over time and seeing you at our Investor Day in February. A quick thank you to all the GoDaddy teams. A lot goes on for us to be able to deliver these strong results in the quarter, and a big thank you to everyone at GoDaddy. Thank you very much.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. Thanks, Clarke. And I'll take the first part of it and then maybe hand it to Aman for the historical part. We're seeing positive signs in our Create and Grow, and we are really happy with the ARR around Websites + Marketing with 20% and Websites + Marketing commerce at 30%. Acknowledging the softness and looking at Q4, that funnel slowdown will take a little bit of time to rebuild like we said in our comments, but we're really optimistic on the positive signs. As we also said, we're comfortable with the 4-1-1 moving forward, and we are really looking forward to catching up with one everybody on Investor Day and kind of putting it all together so we can communicate to you.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. Thanks, Aman. One, just to enforce pricing for -- pricing wasn't an impact on Q3 for us, just as an FYI. When we do look at pricing, we are solving for gross profit. But if it comes to market share versus gross profit, we will go with market share. And we do not use any type of broad brush approach to pricing increases. We really look at it on a market-by-market basis.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. And I'll just add to that, Aman. Aftermarket does help us present to them names that they might not be able to get otherwise. So it is driving some of our aftermarket growth as well.
Mark McCaffrey: I kind of look at it as a cycle. We are -- we saw a divergence. Now we're seeing a convergence come back the other way. And we do, like you said, expect them to equal out over time, and we're starting to see that happen now. But we had large cohorts last year. They went into our deferred revenue. They're being amortized out now. And as they're being replaced by smaller cohorts, it's going to result in that divergence you're seeing right now.
Mark McCaffrey: Elizabeth, I'll just add what we're seeing. We're really excited about it. And the great thing about launching a quarter early is we'll get to see data a quarter early. So we're really looking forward to adding some color on the Investor Day.
Mark McCaffrey: I'll add to that, Naved. We expect it to be flat for Q4, just in case we're asking that question as well.
Mark McCaffrey: And Trevor, I'll just add, without getting into the breakdown of some of that pricing. Just a couple of data points. One, we don't plan to lose money on the hardware and the payments. And our expectation, although we'll see a little bit of margin pressure at the gross level, it should be accretive to our normalized EBITDA going forward.
