Christie Masoner: Welcome to GoDaddy's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. Thank you for joining us. I'm Christie Masoner, VP of Investor Relations. And with me today are Aman Bhutani, Chief Executive Officer; and Mark McCaffrey, Chief Financial Officer. Following prepared remarks, we'll open up the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions] On today's call, we'll be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures and other operating and business metrics. A discussion of why we use non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures to their GAAP equivalents may be found in the presentation posted to our Investor Relations site at investors.godaddy.net or in today's earnings release on our Form 8-K furnished with the SEC. Growth rates represent year-over-year comparisons unless otherwise noted. The matters we'll be discussing today include forward-looking statements such as those related to future financial results and our strategies or objectives with respect to future operations. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that are discussed in detail in our periodic SEC filings. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today August 1, 2024. And except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements because of new information or future events. With that I'm pleased to introduce Aman.
Christie Masoner: Our next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Porter from Morgan Stanley. Elizabeth, please go ahead.
Christie Masoner: Our next question comes from the line of Clarke Jeffries from Piper Sandler. Clarke, please go ahead.
Christie Masoner: Our next question comes from the line of Naved Khan from B. Riley. Naved, please go ahead. Hey Naved, you're muted.
Aman Bhutani: It's one of those I want to take. Hey, Josh thanks for the question. Super excited about the momentum in A&C bookings 24% growth. And we're bringing to the table the full power the GoDaddy scale and data as part of a GoDaddy software platform. So whether it's pricing and bundling or our seamless experience improvements or commerce obviously they are all helping A&C growth. And we're bringing these capabilities to a broader set of our product suite. So as we look into the future, we continue to be very excited about being able to implement these capabilities across our entire products in both sort of scenarios with new customers and with existing customers as well. And I'll let Mark take some of the financial pieces.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. The new customers engaging with Airo is happening at a tremendously fast pace. I couldn't be more excited about it. I think crossing the million milestone but more importantly the engagement with the product, right? We've talked about the three-step process of discovery, engagement then monetization. And for new customers we're really seeing good news there. As I talked about in the prepared remarks we're starting to add paywalls and monetizing a little bit on the new customers. But we're going to learn a lot more about that when those customers come up for renewal, right? And you asked about the areas where we see the most engagement. One of the areas where we're seeing the most engagement is actually with website. A lot more domain customers sort of discovering the fact that GoDaddy has not just website capability, but automated AI capabilities to just build a one-page website for them, which now they can actually customize a little bit too. So customers are really I think enjoying this, and our view is that that engagement is going to sort of lead to more monetization option in the future. And then of course, we have the very large base of existing customers to bring Airo too and that's a slightly different go-to-market motion, but ultimately, it's the same discovery engagement and then monetization and sort of our energy is going to be more and more focused on the existing as the new does better and better. In terms of overall time line, it actually mirrors very well. If you go back and look at our comments rollout first with you and then with existing. So we feel pretty good about it.
Aman Bhutani: Yeah. Thanks Elizabeth. Our core ethos around whether it's GABI or all of our capabilities in Care is that we always want to provide a superior experience at the same or lower cost, right? And in GABI we're super focused on making the guide slowly into a super guide. And whether it's the service side or support side or the sales side GABI is able to partner with the guide and allow them to explore things with the customer that otherwise it may be difficult because GABI has access to a lot more data given our scale. Of course on the sales side, Care continues to drive 9% of our bookings. We get a lot of calls and we've got 14 million contacts, 6,200 guides and GABI has access to all of that information to just make the guide better and better. So you'll see both. You'll see improved customer experience and you'll see more leverage on the cost.
Aman Bhutani: Yeah. As we talked a little bit about in the Investor Day, Elizabeth we see the pricing and bundling initiative as a multiyear initiative for us. So while productivity is leading the way this year and other products and bundles are a little bit behind it, we expect that over the next few years we'll be able to apply the same tools and capabilities across the GoDaddy suite. It's really about capturing all the data, all the customer insight into the GoDaddy software platform being able to drive and bring the customer the unique offering that works for them. And as we do that more and more we actually think it's going to become stronger over time. So yes we're looking forward to pricing in bundle and seamless experience trying to working together over multiple years.
Aman Bhutani: Yeah. And I think the comps will play a little bit. We're coming into some other comps in the second half of the year. But overall the way we look at the return from these tools is they're continuing to set the pace for the company where overall bookings are pacing ahead by a point or two of revenue. And that sets us up very clearly for the next year in the future as well.
Aman Bhutani: Thanks Willow. As you'll probably remember, we have the best value for money in terms of payments pricing out there given the offering we bring to market. What these new SaaS plans do is they start to engage our customers into a deeper set of capabilities. So for example, with an Invoicing Plus plan customers are able to build a more custom invoice and put a logo on it or be able to e-mail that out in a very easy way. And that's us just expanding what the sort of tool set that our customers can use with GoDaddy in a very, very easy way. And on the pricing piece, we've had pricing being an advantage for us since we came out with commerce and payments. And we continue to use that advantage and we actually look at multiple avenues as we grow this business to continue to maintain that differentiator and create the value for the customer while also creating value for the company and the shareholder.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. As I noted Clarke that I wanted to provide a data point of a controlled experiment. So that was an experiment in the path where a customer that buys a domain it's a coming soon page and we tried two or three different ways to provide a paywall to see which one engages the customer more. And it was the conversion from that free -- from that free coming soon page to a paid plan that increased by 12%. And that's typically on a unit basis. But the main point here is that by putting ourselves in the situation where customers are engaged with Airo, we are opening up all these new possibilities where this was a website example. But as you're aware, Airo today has nine cards that customers can engage with. And we are improving the way we engage customers across more and more of those capabilities that are just available to them when they buy a domain name. So as we get more of that engagement, we're going to continue to share with you how we are sort of stepping into the monetization. And I wouldn't over-index on any one of those pieces, it's more that how together all of those things lead to a completely different engaged customers, which we think in the long term is just very, very valuable to lifetime value.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. I don't think we've disclosed English speaking versus non, but our larger markets are English speaking. We have businesses in over -- we have customers in over 100 countries. So there is a sizable number of customers in many of those countries. There's great opportunity, because GoDaddy is still early, and we're able to bring domains customers there at our scale and with our capabilities. So we continue to be excited about what it is what we're bringing to the market. In terms of our actual English markets, our biggest markets are U.K., Canada and Australia. So those are our bigger businesses. So maybe you can do a bit of math if that's what you're looking for.
Aman Bhutani: And just Ygal on the bookings numbers for A&C at least, I believe you should have Q3 and Q4 but you can always take it offline.
Aman Bhutani: Ultimately, we want to go across the board, right? Like the approach is really about the customer and not about the product, right? We're trying to create this value for the customer and their whole relationship with us. So, all the products are going to sort of see something over the next year or two. Not making any promises on it but some of the products in A&C that we're very excited about is for example the websites business. Just a couple of days completely unrelated to us tech-grade ARPU named Airo as the number one AI website builder for micro businesses. So we're definitely getting some momentum in that business. And with Airo, we think there's some great opportunity there. But that's not the only one. Our other products many of them are at significant scale and will lend themselves well to bundling in different ways.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. And there is a little bit of an order of operations Ygal where we have to hit certain renewal cycles to be able to see the customer behavior, right? So, it's not the thing that we can everything happen on in one quarter, one day. There is a progression of this program working over the next two, three years, getting to the real value for our customers.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. Chris we're very excited about the Airo offering, right? We're engaging customers with a lot more products right away. But the metric that Mark talks about is that's paid products. So, what we'll see happen is as we engage customers across these products when they come to those renewal cycles we expect to see sort of that number continuing to grow. But broadly our new customers adding more products has been a good trend for us.
Aman Bhutani: Now they're picking on a really interesting thing where as we introduce more, we've got to be very careful to keep the experience simple for our customers. So actually there are a number of experiments that continue to evolve what the cards look like to get higher engagement with the customers. There's all sorts of different things from cards disappearing to changing the order to growing out to saying it's done. The teams are trying lots and lots of different combinations. And frankly there is more we want to include in Airo. And only when we make this simpler can we add the new things. So yes, that's a constant area of focus for us, but it's also the beauty of our scale, right? We have a breadth of products that we can bring to our customers. That's a lot of value we can pack in with a humble domain name. And if we can get the discovery and the engagement we can get the monetization. And at our scale we're doing lots and lots of experiments. We have teams that are well trained in understanding how to do this work well. And we're pretty excited about it. That's one of the reasons as Mark likes to say that Airo might be small today and it's not in our guide, but we are very excited about what it represents in the future for us.
Aman Bhutani: Thank you, Christie. Thank you all for joining and a quick shot out to all GoDaddy employees for Airo being named the number one website builder just recently. And I think it sets a great tone for us at the company. It's always good to see somebody recognize our work. So thank you very much and we'll see you next quarter.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. And hi, Josh just to – we continue to see momentum across all the product groups within A&C. And for the first half of the year Q2 followed Q1 with double-digit growth in every area for bookings. When you asked about comps keep in mind Q2 compared to last year, it was an easier comp for us. So it did give us some benefit going forward as we reported this quarter. But it doesn't change the overall momentum of the bundling that's going on.
Mark McCaffrey: Yeah. Thanks, Trevor. We're seeing strength I would say overall in the volume related to aftermarket and we've talked about that coming into the year. And obviously, it's continued through Q2. We are seeing the return of larger transactions in the first half of the year. Hard to predict. We do believe that macro impacted related to those larger transactions, but they were definitely stronger in the first half of this year versus what we saw last year. As far as the guide going forward, we continue to call what we can see in front of us. It's hard to predict those large transactions, so we don't plan on them being there in any way shape or form. And they come in kind of hard and fast and close pretty quickly when they do come in. So again, we try to be prudent and just call based on the volume we're seeing at the lower end and we continue to think that overall, this platform will be a lower single-digit grower over time, although we may see volatility from quarter-to-quarter based on some of these larger transactions.
Mark McCaffrey: Yeah. I wouldn't say there's any one thing to call out. It is continued strong bookings continued normalized EBITDA and interest as well because we repriced some of our debt. So that's on the free cash flow part of it. But it's a combination of just better momentum across the board in translating into our free cash flow and unlevered free cash flow.
Mark McCaffrey: Yeah. And I think that's right. We are entering the monetization, but it's really early stage. It didn't have a meaningful impact on Q2. Don't have enough data points to really build in anything related to our guide or forecast related to it. But the early signs are very positive and we are starting to cross into seeing data around monetization today.
Mark McCaffrey: Nothing to call out at this point. We're on a good pace. We're continuing to expand our margins as we said we would. There's nothing in particular we have to call out right now. Everything is on track and we are on track for the 31% exit rate that we had talked about at the beginning of the year.
Mark McCaffrey: Yeah. And just keep in mind too it's for new and renewals. So as renewals come up, you have the ability to sell into the existing customer base and that becomes a compounding factor. So more bundles hit more renewals, keep on going. That's why we think it's going to be a multiyear journey.
Mark McCaffrey: I'll start. I'm sure Aman will add on here. On capital allocation, the strategy remains the same. We're going to look at it from quarter-to-quarter. We've laid out our North Star and our North Star continues to be our ability to generate free cash flow. And obviously, look at that on a per share basis and continue to grow that at the CAGR we set out there. Now everything we look at has to be set against that backdrop. We still believe buying back our stock is a high ROI for us and we continue to look at that from quarter-to-quarter based on other factors that are going on in the market. So, no change there. Active discussion quarter-to-quarter looking at what's out there and looking at the different opportunities that can really drive that LTV we talked about at Investor Day. On the bookings and our pace there. Now just a couple of factors. One, we expect for the year to bookings to outpace revenue by about one to two points. And that's based on the momentum we're seeing in A&C and also some of the other areas. And we think that's going to set us up nicely for 2025. But we also will get more difficult comps as we go out throughout the year. So I want to say, the pace and the momentum are there, whether the percentages move a little bit based on tougher comps, we'll see as we go out throughout the year and into 2025. But the overall pacing is still strong and we're really happy with our ability to continue to get to that second and third products within our customer base today.
Mark McCaffrey: I'll take that first half, Ygal. Just a reminder, we have transaction revenue in subscription. And then within A&C, we have a mixture of both. And we saw a good performance today this quarter in commerce, which is a transactional revenue, but we're also seeing good performance in the other areas, which are subscription. So the timing of the revenue related to the bookings acceleration can be anywhere from immediately within the quarter to over a period of time and will start to contribute to revenue as we go out through further quarters. So we saw some contribution this quarter. We'll continue to see that as we get to the rest of this year. And obviously, in 2025, we'll have momentum going in there. But remember, it's a combination of both right? So we can hit in different periods depending on the nature of the bundle the transaction or the combination of the products they buy.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. The advantage we have now with the consolidated technology stack is we have the ability to see what bundles really are attractive to our customers and we're starting to analyze that data and that starts to give us a path forward. Airo only helps that even further as we look at the behaviors and the engagement and allows us to start to position those bundles as to what value we can give to the customers.
Mark McCaffrey: And this has been something that's building over time. I think the metric we gave out at the end of the year was a customer new customer attach at rate 25% faster than they were three, four years ago. And that trend continues, right? Our customers are coming in with intent. They're engaging at different levels. And just to hit on the finer point that Aman said, we count that two-plus product when they pay, not when they engage. And that means it can come into a renewal it can come after a free trial. So, it takes time but they are definitely engaging at a higher level rate than we saw in the past.
Mark McCaffrey: There's nothing to call out on a one-off basis. This is just the three things we had talked about that would drive our profitability going forward. A&C growing which is our higher-margin business and being more of the pie over time will create a tailwind to our overall normalized EBITDA margin. As we start to tap into global talent pool, we'll use GABI more of that will create leverage within our P&L up and down. And then we continue our journey on operational simplification. We're trying to make sure we're fit for purpose going forward that we're agile and we continue to have that ability to not only invest in the business and invest in new technology, but have an efficient back-office operations. So, those three pillars still remain intact. And what we're seeing now is the A&C bookings and growth really becoming that tailwind that we had talked about coming into the year.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. I think we're happy on -- with our margin expansion through the year. We continue to look at opportunities and look at product mix and how the momentum is moving. We overperformed in Q2 on our margin. We believe that will continue into Q3 at the same levels. And obviously, we talked about our Q4 exit rate will remain at the 31% keeping us at 29% for the year. Because our bookings are doing well and obviously, we talked about our raise in our guidance related to revenue, a lot of that percentage falls to the bottom line on an absolute dollar and allows us to feel good about raising our free cash flow and unlevered free cash flow guidance as well.
Mark McCaffrey: I was going to say we're in the first pitch, right? So there's a lot to go and a lot of exciting things going on there.
