Blake Irving: Thanks, Ray. You can see that we're continuing to deliver on our strategy and financial expectations. And we see a big global opportunity to continue to grow the business long-term. So thanks for your time, folks. And we are ready to open the call to your questions.
Blake Irving: Well, on messaging, to be clear, you always want high-impact marketing messaging. And from a brand standpoint, we're at this point where we as GoDaddy have 80%-plus awareness certainly in the United States, but it's frankly been fascinating to see how quickly we can ramp our awareness numbers around the world as well. So in our core, tier 1 markets, whether it's India or the UK, we have very solid awareness numbers relative to the time that we've actually been spending marketing dollars.
Blake Irving: Yes, Sam, hey, this is Blake. So on the Pro versus the Do It For Me service, the good news is we don't have a Tour-Dejour issue here. Where we can actually do both, we build products for Pros, so when we do a new WordPress feature that allows immediate updating of multiple sites all at once, that's a feature for a Pro. When we do a good job with our Manage WordPress offering, which the Weird Owl was a great example, that is built by a Pro, using our services and using the GoDaddy Pro offerings today. DIFM are a lot of our small business customers today that don't have a Pro nearby or don't understand what that marketplace looks like around their neighborhood or even in a city. So what we do is offer an integrated service that once somebody has contacted us, once they've got a domain, they simply call our Care organization; and we put them in touch, basically a hot transfer over to somebody that can take an analysis of what they are trying to accomplish with their website, and then really just get artwork from them, get some creative iteration going with them, and for a very low-cost be able to build it for them. Now we don't offer a lot of complexity on those sites, like a web Pro does, but we have a great opportunity for a low cost to offer a super high-quality website that will help one of our customers acquire customers for themselves and retain customers, including getting the [indiscernible] and the NCO service or even managing their social presence. So we don't have to fight that Tour-Dejour issue.
Blake Irving: Hey, Sterling, it's Blake. We have a variety, basically, it's either build it or partner or it could even be an acquisition, when we're rolling out our products. The market that we've got products in today, whether it's an SSL, which is completely our own -- with SiteLock that is something that we have a partnership with. We don't really disclose the terms on that. There's a lot of other opportunities for us for a backup, for storage, for the HIPAA compliance, with archiving, and archiving of mail. Those kind of things are in different business models for each one, and frankly the way that we package them and integrate them together to make it incredibly simple makes it kind of a no-brainer for a customer to go acquire it from us. Frankly it doesn't matter whether it's partnered or created by us or it's part of another package. And the business model and the margin profile, each one of those is a little bit different, but aggregating up into a hell of a good business.
Blake Irving: Oh, for sure. Absolutely. Yes, it's a great business that fits very nicely within the marginal profile with the rest of the businesses we are running.
Blake Irving: Hey, Sterling, so it's Blake again. From a product perspective, I tell you, I think we are probably in the third inning of the game; and I'm not sure if the game goes into overtime or not, which I hope tonight it doesn't, but the general notion is -- like we're doing email marketing today. We do a pretty good job with that. We know there's a lot that we can do in the SMS area. We know there's a lot we can do in helping customers acquire customers on mobile devices. And frankly, nobody does it all together as a package. And nobody has a super well for this little customer. So the products that we are offering -- and I got to stress this really importantly -- our LTV/CAC is such that we can acquire customers at a very low cost. And we can offer email marketing products for such a low cost and integrate it into a website building product or email that just makes it, again, just a no-brainer to do that next thing to attach customers. And if we get them really early in their cycle, like I have an idea, I want to build a site. I've got now 50 customers who have signed up on my website. I'm going to offer them the free use of an email marketing product and eventually they will buy it from us. It's really early for us. It's, I'd say, third inning, probably. Maybe even that's deeper in the game than we are.
Blake Irving: This is Blake, [indiscernible]. Thanks for the question. Our website builder products, which is a simple DIY tool, is good today. Frankly it's not as good as it can be. And I think what you will see over the next couple of quarters is some pretty innovative technology from us that I think is going to be a pretty big sea change in our DIY website tool. I would also say -- and I would say that is the simple DIY one. We have another product that we just announced and released in the past month which is GoDaddy WordPress offering, which provides a super simple, easy to use WordPress offering with thousands of themes, lots of flexibility. More flexibility than any DIY tool today, so if somebody has got a little bit more technical capability, they can have a much richer, much richer, tons of plug-ins available for them to do something that is very, very flexible. So we've actually got those two products that kind of bracket this very simple and the more technically complex, trying to make sure that we are targeting folks that are more technically capable than those that are really just learning and want to treat website building as a PowerPoint tool. And doing it with really good intelligence and frankly machine-learning capability, it makes it super simple for people to build a site for them. And the domain business we have -- we run the largest aftermarket service in the world today. And the number of offerings that we've got in that aftermarket allows us to have a whole heck of a lot of liquidity. We've been making sure that that's available to every registrar so they can put aftermarket products up in that marketplace as well. And we're seeing really good aftermarket traction. So we’re happy with that. It's not just GoDaddy-owned domain names. It is domain names that are owned by anybody who wants to participate as a seller in that aftermarket, or buyer. And we've done some really interesting tools, both on mobile devices and frankly on a PC that allow you to manage an auction professionally, capably and for the domain investor, it's a really good set of tools for them and a great way to go reach their potential customers, in our aftermarket marketplace.
Blake Irving: This is Blake, Brent. Just adding to that a little bit. Remember that the voice service, which again, is something that is new for us, so it's a new product line, that does get added to that line next year.
Blake Irving: Yes, on the second question, Mark, your question was about DIY, our website builder product and WordPress. The interesting thing about a customer who comes to our site, when somebody comes looking for a website builder, they have been told that they should be using WordPress. So the really interesting thing is they don't trade-off of an easy to use, DIY website builder or WordPress by price. They do it by recommendation. And web influences -- as technology influencers that are usually professionals that somebody might know recommends that they use WordPress and then they start looking for it online. We happen to be one of the largest, or the largest, WordPress provider in the world today commercially. And we've made that a very simple product. So many smart business folks who actually want to build a website, have been told Go use WordPress. And so they go to GoDaddy. They click on websites and WordPress shows up. They click on it and they go down that funnel and then we're just trying to build a very attractive price for them to get into the product, try the product, use it and have a great experience. On the DIY website builder products -- I kind of characterize these things as ones a little bit more technical and pixel perfect than the other. On a DIY website builder product, if somebody who says, I just want to build a website, and this one says I can do it myself, therefore let me go ahead and click, what's the value proposition and how is that price. If they went to WordPress and they tried to use the product, even as simple as we can make it, it may not be simple enough. So the DIY product that we have built, that you will see us evolve pretty substantially of the next couple of quarters, will be incredibly easy to use, will not have that perfect -- that pixel perfect ability, as customers can get themselves in trouble, actually, when they have that much freedom. So we put up, what I will call, really good guardrails, really good intelligence, good machine learning, great library of photos and templates that will make it really easy for customers to build something they want. Our goal is to get them into a product that allows them to have a great outcome, right? To meet customers on their site. To acquire customers. To retain customers, to market to them, and frankly whatever they want to choose. Whether they've been told to go get WordPress or Pro, or they say, I want to build a website, make it easy for me. We are doing both of those things.
Blake Irving: And one other thing that I would just add on the domain side, Dylan, is that we have entered roughly 56 markets over the course of the last couple of years. And as we enter markets, we've been starting to offer country, top-level domains, like .MX for Mexico, .BR for Brazil, etcetera. Those are brand-new for us. And in many countries, CCTLVs actually take precedence over a .com and actually have more meaning than a .com. Certainly in Germany, Brazil, Mexico, as examples. India's .IN is very important. For the on-ramp question, we talked about two view on ramps. One is, hey, I want to build a website and then I'm going to go attach a domain to it, and I want you to think about that as, I want to try the tool. I want to see how beautiful I can make this thing. And then I'm going to commit. And that's about it. We're frankly moving the payroll from in front to behind it, allowing somebody to try a website builder, and then attach a domain. And that is happening today. So we like the results we've seen there. The other on-ramp that you will see us endeavor on in 2017 is voice, where we think that somebody is going to say, Man, I've been using my private phone number, my cell phone number, for my business. I put it up on my website. It's there for everybody to see. I feel like I might be in danger of having either my identity ripped off or maybe being encroached. So providing them a number on their cell phone that rings through to either a business voice mail that can transcript into a text that shows up in your inbox. Those things are super powerful features that a small business or somebody with an idea can use. And frankly they may do that without getting a domain name or without getting a website from us. We're going to package them up in ways that make it look like it's absolutely perfect to get all three of these things, at a really attractive price. But it's an on-ramp all by itself. We think it could be a really interesting way for people to get a service relationship with GoDaddy.
Blake Irving: Great, thanks, everybody, for our third quarter results call. We look forward to talking with you in one more quarter. Thanks and enjoy the game tonight.
Ray Winborne: Yes, the biz apps item, I think we did about $60 million this year, in this quarter. You look at the growth on that, we're in the 36% range. A little slower than what we'd seen in the trend. But it's on a much bigger base. If you just go back two years ago in the same quarter, we were at $30 million in that line item. So we are very happy with that growth rate, even though it's decelerated slightly. It's just continued to grow off a nice base. It's a victim of our own success there.
Ray Winborne: Hi Sam, it's Ray. Regarding that comment about doubling the business over the next four years, yes, that is our vision; and that is a long-term guidance, if you want to say it that way. We did that over the past four years with the first turn of the crank, with expanding around the world, and now we're going to continue that second crank both on product, going deeper in geographies, and more on-ramps as you've heard us talk about earlier.
Ray Winborne: Hey Jason, I will take the first part around biz apps. We are really happy with that growth. It's 36% year-over-year. It's just growing off a much larger base now, $60 million of the current quarter. If you look back just two years ago, that was up $30 million number. So doubling the business is in two years is pretty impressive. So that growth rate is still a very solid growth rate and we're really happy with it.
Ray Winborne: No. Really nothing there, Sterling, to speak of as far as extending or pulling back in on the years. I think really the only thing I might highlight for you this quarter from a bookings perspective is free trial. You heard Blake mention that we've rolled that out and continue to expand in other geographies, so that's obviously having a little bit of impact on bookings right now, because we don't count those customers until they are on subscription.
Ray Winborne: Yes, this is Ray. We are continuing to see some improvement there. It's really coming off the improvement in the products and the customer experience. And I would anticipate as we start to continue to see those improvements, obviously there is some type of natural pull there, because as these customers grow, they are going to have -- need changes over time. So you'll always have some level of refunds. But we've pretty pleased with where that number is going.
Scott Wagner: And Deepak, it's Scott. I will talk about the second. On DIFM, or really assisted services, our go-to-market right now consists largely of ways to serve our base, through care and frankly a little bit more targeted email interactions that we're finding. And again it has nice return and we're seeing nice pick-up to it. What we are not only experimenting with but moving towards is obviously a more mass articulation of those kinds of services. Again, not only to provide that kind of activity for our existing base, which is quite large, but possibly as a way of serving new customers as well.
Scott Wagner: And I think from the leverage standpoint -- it's Scott, Jason. Thanks for pointing it out. Yes, it is nice to see that kind of operating leverage flowing through the business. And it's nice frankly to see that also frankly build for several quarters in a row. And that maybe not -- that won't happen nor are we promising that every single quarter, but we have ability to scale through our technical platforms, certainly through the G&A infrastructure of the company. And, but, and, and we are still investing through marketing and care in what we think are really productive ways. All of which wrap up to the ability to drive faster flow-through and faster growth to the bottom line. In terms of acquisitions, like we're not going to comment on any specific acquisitions. We’ve to date made a couple of, frankly, quite small ones, in terms of product adjacencies, but the business is in a position, scale platform, operating rhythm-wise where we certainly feel like we're in the position to do something much larger, frankly productively and accretively.
Scott Wagner: Jonathan, it's Scott. I think you should see a pretty stable level of marketing spend, put the tactics aside. This strategy is around a pretty consistent marketing spend and voice. Across our markets.
Scott Wagner: Thanks. It's Scott. So in the emerging markets, we're seeing very nice customer pickup, and again just from a relative return, what's great about the margin profile of these markers are they're incremental. Remember our in-country execution is pretty wide. Most of the spend we have is frankly go-to-market dollars and that's how we manage the geography. Now when you ask if the unit customer level -- what's the level of price-sensitivity -- it's not surprising that those customers are more price-sensitive. And that's frankly what we're working towards and these markets are having fantastic solutions for these customers, still at a really attractive and valuable price point. But that makes money for us. So all of these examples that we are describing have good economics for us to deliver and our hitting affordability and value positions for customers that makes it really valuable for them.
Scott Wagner: Brian, Scott. Thanks. Look, it's a good question and thank you for it. On pretrial, since it is free upfront and we're not counting a customer until it's paid, there is certainly some impact but it's not something that frankly we should quantify and communicate to everybody. It's one of those precise without accurate, probably, measures. I think when you bring up customer ads, I'd actually highlight two things just specifically in the quarter that probably have a bigger impact than just a free trial. One of which was in our international markets, we actually made a shift in a couple of these emerging markets to focus more on monetization than just gross customer ads. And the second thing I would point out is if you look at our marketing spend in the quarter, it was lighter on a year-over-year basis. And it certainly made a bit of an impact. I think the broad point is we don't manage to the quarter-over-quarter net or gross ads, and are focused on good customers who are going to stay with us for a long time and that's the purpose and goal of what we think about customers. Period, point, stop. Obviously we, you, everybody in the phone, wants that number to be as high as possible. But quarter to quarter, we're staying pure to the goal which is add good customers, have them grow and evolve over time. And the ideas of new organic product on-ramps plus geographic scope are going to be the levers that are going to allow us to continue to grow that customer base over a long period of time.
Scott Wagner: It's Scott. Yeah. We, at GoDaddy, know -- we've always had friendly and very customer friendly, refund policies and that's not going to change. Meaning if somebody is it in the wrong thing, we want to make sure we get them to the right thing. And relative to the industry, I think that is quite a favorable policy that puts us in good light relative to everybody else. I think Ray hit the relevant point on the why for the drop, which is when the quality of everything we do gets better, and the merchandising continues to improve, then you just end up with people just in the right thing, right at the right point in time.
Scott Wagner: Scott, Brent. So international growth being slight uptick, that's nice, but honestly relative to our pacing it is rounding. So I guess it's nice. Feel good about it, but also don't celebrate. Really, it's just kind of business mix, relative monetization focus, but it's not a sustainable thing that we're going to say is a different pacing. It sort of was what it was, but frankly relative to the pacing of the last three, four, five quarters, it is kind of dead on where we are. When you look at the US, that is our business apps conversation applied to the US. Where there is nothing different in our market performance, it merely is lapping this really big base and growth. So it's terrific growth. It's just our Office 365 revenue and implementation has a slightly higher mix towards the US than elsewhere. So that's our business applications year-over-year lapping of what is just a really big number.
Scott Wagner: So Brent, business apps right now is productivity, as we've described for the most part. And the trajectory is one that frankly is still a really nice year-over-year. You're talking about sequential, but year-over-year it's still a nice one. Ultimately adding other legs to that biz apps tool will be what in flex it over the current trajectory. But to say that business apps could continue, we're not going to come here and say, boy, you are going to get 10% sequential growth in business apps right now. But again thinking about it over time, this is all about what products we can add to that container and what kind of success we can achieve.
Scott Wagner: Mark, it's Scott. I'll do the first, and Blake will do the second. In thinking about the marketing strategy and execution, and how it relates to domains and non-domains, think about our marketing in two categories. One is top of funnel, which is TV sponsorship, brand-related activity and then direct, which is very specific spend, whether it be SEM display advertising, social advertising, etcetera. Over the past year, we’ve expanded our direct spend across the product portfolio in presurgical ways, around supporting our product portfolio and that's been a very effective way of building up these services tactically, particularly to our existing base, and ultimately that translates into ARPU. On the top-of-funnel basis, that is really the work to come, to be frank, which is having our external messaging connect very directly to, not a specific product per se, but to the broad range of experiences of our customers. And that's the work from a messaging standpoint to come. 
Scott Wagner: It's Scott, Dylan, on the aftermarket. If you look at domains, our revenue performance has been 10%. We're putting up 9%, 10% growth over the last several quarters. If you think about unit growth in the industry, unit growth is anywhere from 3% to 5%. And really, our above market performance is both our international share gain in markets outside of the US, which is part of it. And then the other part is the success of stimulating the aftermarket and trying to get more names that are already bought to change hands. So without giving you a specific number, it's certainly a contributor, and a decent sized one to that, above industry growth performance.
