Christie Masoner: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us for GoDaddy's Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. I'm Christie Masoner, Senior Director of Investor Relations. And with me today are Aman Bhutani, Chief Executive Officer; and Mark McCaffrey, Chief Financial Officer. Mark's voice may sound a bit scratchy today as he is currently under the weather. Following prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions] On today's call, we'll be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results and operating metrics such as total bookings, unlevered free cash flow, normalized EBITDA, annualized recurring revenue or ARR, gross merchandise volume or GMV and net debt. Growth rates presented represent year-over-year comparisons unless otherwise noted. A discussion of why we use non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures to their GAAP equivalents may be found in the presentation posted to our Investor Relations site at investors.godaddy.net or in today's earnings release on our Form 8-K furnished with the SEC. The matters we'll be discussing today include forward-looking statements, which include those related to our future financial results, our strategies or objectives with respect to future operations, including our approach to capital allocation, new product introductions and innovations, and our ability to integrate acquisitions and achieve desired synergies. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that are discussed in detail in our documents filed with the SEC. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today November rd3, 2022 and except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events. With that, here's Aman.
Christie Masoner: Our next question comes from the line of Mili Das on behalf of Deepak Mathivanan from Wolfe Research. Mili, please go ahead.
Christie Masoner: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Bolton on behalf of Aaron Kessler from Raymond James. Alex, please go ahead.
Christie Masoner: Our next question comes from the line of Naved Khan from Truist. Naved, please go ahead. Hi, Naved. I think you are on mute.
Christie Masoner: Our next question comes from the line of John Van [ph] on behalf of Brent Thill from Jefferies. John, please go ahead. Hi, John, I think you are un-mute. 
Aman Bhutani: Thanks Mark. Taking a step back, we are incredibly proud of the work our teams are doing as we are making progress against our stated priorities. GoDaddy has a proven, focused strategy, executed by an experienced team that will act proactively and decisively through a fluid macro-economic environment to create long-term value for shareholders. Despite these headwinds and the tough compare in Q4, the full year is on track to deliver 7% growth or 9% on a constant currency basis. Coupled with the momentum we are driving in commerce, we are excited about what’s to come in 2023 and beyond. With that, we will have Christie Masoner from our Investor Relations team to open up the call for questions.
Aman Bhutani: Yes, I'm happy to quickly touch on that. First, overall, our cohorts are performing consistently, ARPU is rising and continues to do well obviously we'll talk about it more at the end of the year. But our focus is to attract the customers with the right intent that want to use activate the products that we have. So that we continue to maintain that high customer retention rate. And as long as those cohorts form and customers are retained, we know that in any short to mid-term cycles may push customer demand up or down a bit. But over the long-term customers need the products we have. We deliver critical products to them at amazing prices and we know these products are core to their needs. So, short-term up and down is okay. But overall, I think ARPU -- the ARPU, numbers are showing that we're attracting the right customer.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. For the doms, Trevor, it will be in our Q tomorrow, so you'll see it. And I referenced a bit in my prepared remarks, about some of the pull forward and what we're seeing with gross adds. So there will be some change in terms of the arc of doms. We will see the details in the Q. And Mark, I'll turn it to you for the second part of the question.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. It's still very early, Trevor, in terms of us reaching into our base and attracting customers that sell multiple single-digit millions of dollars -- multiple single million dollars in sales. What I would say we're seeing a bit of everything right now, but the offering we're taking to them is the one-stop shop from their in-store capabilities to their online. They can go to one screen. They can see Amazon, Etsy, Walmart.com, their physical store and all the inventory things and they have it at an amazing price point for our GoDaddy payments just 2.3% plus $0.30 online. We're really got a great package to approach them with. And what we're seeing is interest and good conversion with our new capabilities. And we'll talk much more about our Managed WooCommerce stores product. That's really targeting these larger sellers. And again, it's still early, but you'll see it in general release very, very quickly, and the pilot continues to go well, sort of -- and we're encouraged by the green shoots there.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. Overall, we look at our create and grow products and are quite encouraged with the continued progress there. As we've shared in the past, websites plus marketing, particularly has continued to grow well and really fits a need for our type of customer. The micro business that wants to get up and running faster and website so marketing just produces a really, really good, high performing website for them very, very quickly. So I think we're really encouraged by that. In terms of directional changes from competitors, I think it's still pretty early. We haven't seen a ton of change overall. But our prices for those products are very, very competitive. So we're definitely keeping an eye on it.
Aman Bhutani: Yes, happy to take that, Mark. Just to bring it up a level, if you remember how we introduced GoDaddy payments into websites plus marketing, the first set of metrics we talked about is what percentage of customers were attaching GoDaddy payments to websites plus marketing. It's very similar for payable domains or other services where we're bringing in payments, where the first step we're looking at is when we put this capability in front of new customers, what percentage of those customers sign up for it, take it on. And then, of course, we want to see what percentage of those customers activated and then what GPV they'll transact. What we're doing a little bit differently for payable domains is that at the same time, we've started to expose it to cohorts of customers that are already in our base. So that's one of the examples that I used in my prepared remarks where you can imagine customers that have domain plus e-mail with us, they don't have a website with us. They have domain plus e-mail and they come in to make whatever changes on the website or to their account. And what we're doing is we're catching them at that moment. And we're saying, hey, here's a new thing that's available to you, would you like to try it out? And we saw an attractive percentage of those customers sign up for that and say, yes, I'd like to use it. So in terms of exact time line, I can't tell you how many weeks or months it might take to sort of get an idea. But what we're looking for is those customers and just like new customers in the existing base starting to activate the payable capability, use the failing and then see over time what GPV flows through it. But obviously, we have a large base, and we now have this available for 50% of our domains in the US, which is where we have payments. So it's quite a large opportunity we're going after. And in terms of Apple Pay, I think it's just too early to talk about what changes we might see. We're learning more about that relationship and executing towards it, but it's too early to talk about that.
Aman Bhutani: I think I've got three separate questions there, and maybe, Mark, you can grab a bit of the last one. But just very quickly, Jian, thanks for the questions. On Pros and SMBs, keep in mind, we -- a lot of the Pros that work with GoDaddy tend to be in our hosting business, and that's disproportionately sort of impacted by FX and European exposure. So what we see there has been significant. Mark talked about our international revenue growing 4% and the five points impact of FX there, would have been 9% constant currency. So we definitely see those shifts. But overall, the broader macro, I would say, it's is impacting all kinds of customers in a similar way. But the most important thing for us is that the customers that we bring in continue to have the right intent because what we're really watching is every quarter customer that would bring in, every channel that they come from, are we getting the right renewal rates for those customers because that's what really creates lifetime value for the company. It's not the fast customer that we can just get for a low price that is going to churn very, very quickly. And in terms of marketing leverage, we've talked about it a little bit in the past of how we have pushed all of our marketing channels into sort of the success-based thinking. And it comes in many flavors. It comes in incrementality testing. It comes in sort of AB testing even based on geos. It comes in AB testing in terms of bidding and search, which I've talked about before. And by being very focused on gathering the data, and executing to what the test show, we have been able to trim our marketing spend and focusing on areas that bring us the best returns with the best intent customers. And in terms of leaning into marketing and doing more there, absolutely, I always say I would love to spend more in marketing every time. I just want it to continue to deliver the returns that we're asking for. So as long as it's within our guidelines, we definitely look for new channels, new areas where we can spend up more and attract more customers. And Mark, I'll turn it to you. I'm not sure, if what I interrupt you.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. I'm happy to share, Aaron that we've continued to shift more of our applications into the cloud. It gives us a much stronger ability to – and greater velocity to put more products out there much, much faster and manage scale much, much better. I'll let Mark talk about sort of some of the OpEx CapEx type sort of change there. But overall, we're very happy with the relationship we have. We've just renegotiated a contract. Our teams work very well together, and almost all of our teams are using the cloud in some way, shape or form. Mark, I'll turn to you for OpEx.
Aman Bhutani: And then on price testing, Naved, we've continued to test price. And you'll continue to see us do it where we continue to be nuanced in our approach on pricing looking to balance both what's happening sort of macro-economically or within a geo versus also our ability to take share and push in versus take price. So we'll continue to make -- do that approach and we'll continue to guide to the plans that we have, for example, for 2023, you'll hear about them. They'll be within the – as we talk about 2023 in February.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. Thanks, John. Maybe taking the second part first. On payable domains, it's super early. What I talked about in my prepared remarks is that in the US, we have now technically enabled half the domains under management as payable. We still have to put that in merchandise that to customers and activate them. But I give an example or 2 of how we're doing that both in the new path and in the existing customers, engaging them. So we're very excited about getting this capability to customer, very excited about some of the attach rates we're seeing. But in terms of customers actually starting to use it and GPV flowing, it will take a little bit of time for us to truly understand what that usage is going to look like. And to take a step back to talk about the overall macro, I think the word that describes it well is that it's been an uneven macro environment for two-plus years now, right? And I'm really proud of what the GoDaddy team has achieved and what we've been able to do. I feel we've navigated that environment very, very well. We've attracted great customers. We continue to have greater than 85% retention rates for customers. We're sitting – we came into 2022 with a lot of uncertainty as well. And we're sitting here with 9% constant currency revenue growth and lots of new products coming into the market in commerce and payments, we word press with websites plus marketing having plan down to even the free plan with payable domains with the registry business. So it's just a lot of good for us to look forward to. And we're taking all of that momentum with us into 2023. And we've highlighted the areas where we see some risks, and we always call it like we see it. right? But at the core, GoDaddy is a market leader. We have a durable business. Our customers are resilient, which leads to us having a resilient business. Our core competitive advantages around our unmatched scale Sage guidance we gave in customer care, that customer care is great for us to attach products, and we'll give you examples of that. And we're building technology that works for our customer for the micro and small business, which is seamless, which is intuitive which helps saves them time, help save them money. And we have pricing like example payments that -- or even in websites marketing, that is very, very competitive in the market. And ultimately, we put the customer at the center of what we're doing. We're staying close to the customer. We're pruning stewards of the P&L. We're investing in areas that are the biggest growth initiatives for us as a company. And we're running the business for long-term profitable and sustainable growth. That's sort of our view, and that's how we see it.
Aman Bhutani: Thank you, Christie. Thank you all for your questions. Thank you to all GoDaddy employees for all the hard work for another good quarter, and I look forward to talking to you next time. Thank you.
Mark McCaffrey: No, I think that's a good response. Aman, and just kind of bringing it home. I think it's more pronounced in Europe, no doubt, in UK, and Germany, like Amman mentioned, but then overall, looking at Q4 and the outperformance of aftermarket last year versus this year, we're not seeing the same demand around the larger deals, we see a lot of supply and demand. But these things are short to come and quick to close. And we've taken that out of our guide for Q4, because we just don't see it in front of us right now. So, I think that when you talk about demand overall, that's something you have to call out.
Mark McCaffrey: And Aman, I'll add. I think the one-stop shop, the area is really coming to play. And I know we've talked about commerce and the attach we're seeing at the front of the funnel. But we're also seeing the competitive pricing in our existing customer base start to take hold. And I think Elizabeth going to your to your question, it really shows that in this market, dealing with a one-stop shop is a competitive advantage, and we're seeing customers really be attracted to that, not only new customers, but existing customers as well.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. When you look at the Q4, it's about 2% of the aftermarket contribution that we had last year that we haven't built into this year. Trevor, hopefully, that allows you to size it a bit.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. Thanks. And we don't have a crystal ball into next year. And obviously, we don't know if FX is going to be a tailwind or a headwind and continue to watch the depth and the breadth of the recession, especially in Europe. So, a lot of moving parts there. We look quarter-to-quarter. We look at the leverage in our operating expenses. I think we've talked about that before about how we can obtain leverage. We feel really good about the actions we've taken or are taking in Q4 to manage some of that risk. For example, we talked about the energy contract, the AWS contract. But we continue to look at what's in front of us, what we can do, what's within our control. We can find leverage in G&A and care. Obviously, we continue to get more efficient with marketing. I think even in this year, when you take a step back and you look at where we started to where we finished on our normalized EBITDA margin expansion, it's obviously something we are very focused on and continuing to manage as we go through this environment.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. No, no. I think you covered a lot of it, Aman, and I think you hit the high points, but I'll add. We continue to look at marketing as a tool based on the ROI we see in front of us. And we're always balancing our decisions today and how we invest while keeping an eye on the long term and our stated objectives. So we're trying to be disciplined in our approach, but yet look for the ROI and the opportunity to take advantage of it when it comes.
Mark McCaffrey: So we're looking forward to talking to everybody early next year about our 2023 outlook, but I'll give it a step back here in talk about kind of 2022 and where we're going and the momentum we have going into 2023. When we talk about – our first meeting this year on Investor Day, we had a lot of momentum going into the year, but we couldn't predict the macroeconomic environment that was out there. As we sit here today, we're looking at, targeting 7% growth for the year, 9% on constant currency, and we really like the momentum going into 2023 as it stands. Even in Q4, we always knew Q4 was going to be a tough comparable for us but you take the growth rate, you added a couple of points for FX. You add a couple of points for the aftermarket over performance that we've taken out, and we really have a lot of momentum going in around our products and some of the stuff Aman has talked about. So, looking forward to talking a little bit more as we get into 2023, and what we're seeing out there. But right now, we are really happy with how we're performing in 2022 and the momentum we have. And just to add to that, being able to expand our normalized EBITDA margins during this period and at the same time hit our cash flow targets and cash flow per share targets, we like the long-term outlook out there.
Mark McCaffrey: All right. Thanks. Hi, Aaron, how are you doing? Listen, early on, and we'll get more clarity as we talk to you in early 2023, but the way I would look at it right now is, we have pressure around increased energy costs, especially coming out of Europe right now. We talked about the contract we signed to secure our cost for next year. But the AWS contract really allows us to negate any future impacts around energy costs. And I think from an operating expense point of view, we're looking at it to kind of cover us as we go into 2023, if that makes any sense.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes, nothing to really call out in the data centers and the US dollars or the EMEA part of it. A lot of our European customers are based on European data centers. So obviously, there is some FX impact, but nothing really to call out too significant on the margins.
