Mark McCaffrey: Ygal, thanks for the question. We couldn't be more excited about the bookings growth in A&C and the momentum we have coming out of Q1 and the impact on the rest of the year, no doubt about it. As we get into the bundling, just a reminder, revenue is recognized from the bookings and it can be on different periods of time. So that momentum will continue. But given the size of our business, obviously, it takes a while to show up into the revenue growth numbers as we go on, couldn't be more excited about it, though. Just a reminder too, we do have a few headwinds out there relating to the dispositions. Those will peak in Q2. We expect them to abate throughout the year. But again, we still have a few of those headwinds out there. So again, we have great momentum, but we're trying to balance some of the actions that we took.  So when you put that all together, I would say we're comfortable that lowering the low end of the guide was the appropriate thing to do, and we'll continue to keep everyone updated as we go throughout the rest of the year. But yes, we are pretty excited about some of the pricing and bundling initiatives and the impact they had on Q1 bookings. 
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. And I'll take it up a level, too. When we think about the bookings to revenue, we have multiple different products, multiple different terms, the revenue can be -- come out in many different ways. The way we look at it is we think bookings is going to be 1 to 2 points ahead of revenue for 2024. And that'll give us a lot of momentum as we continue to see the results of the bundling and pricing initiative as well as the momentum we're seeing in things like aftermarket. 
Mark McCaffrey: And Vik, on the normalized EBITDA margin, I would say, quarter-to-quarter, you may see some fluctuations depending on the timing of spend. Overall, if you look at Q1, we've always said accelerated A&C will be a tailwind to our ability to expand our margins over time. And with the pacing you saw in Q1, we saw some of the benefit of that. For the year, we're on track for the 31% to exit, and we feel good about that, and we're on track for the 29% for the entire year. And obviously, we've talked about our ability to expand that going out. And all those -- all that framework remains in place, and we continue to see the benefit of the ANC tailwind related to that. 
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. Thanks, Jian. And I'll start with the first part, and Aman will probably answer the second part there. The way we're looking at Airo right now, we are in the discovery and the engagement phase. We haven't hit the monetization phase. We're very early on. We're looking at all the statistics. We're looking at the level of engagement around it, but nothing has been built into our bookings or revenue for that matter in our model today. 
Mark McCaffrey: And like we've always said, the biggest opportunity in front of us for commerce is converting our existing customer base. That's where we're seeing the growth in the GPV today. 
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. And we continue to be impacted by the divestitures and migrations that we've talked about. A lot of that's peaking in Q2 as some of these are starting to lap, but will abate over time. And as I always say in these scenarios, while we're attracting more of the customers with a higher intent that are attaching to that second product and they're engaging on the bundles and is very, very happy with, on the back end, we're losing what I call low-calorie customers that weren't really in there with any intent. So we're happy with the model. It should start to abate over time, and then we'll keep everybody posted on a quarterly basis. 
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. Elizabeth, I look at it in 3 buckets. We have the, what I would say, the tailwind related to AMC growing at a higher profit point, which continues to be, I would say, a big driver. The other big driver is our access to global talent pools now is our international base grows, our ability to move into markets that are more cost effective is helping us. And then I would say the third, probably not as big as the other 2, but the third continues to be our infrastructure simplification. And that is just getting more efficient, reducing the amount of locations we have, getting out of leases, that type of environment. So those 3 buckets are the big contributors to how we continue to expand our margin, and that will continue as we go into the outer years. 
Mark McCaffrey: Thanks, Trevor. And we definitely have seen a pick up, what I would say, in the average transaction value. And in Q1, we saw the return of the larger transactions that have been missing in the prior periods. Again, we don't build that into the model because they come in on the short term, and they can create some volatility. But we were -- we did see the benefit of that and the 12% growth in aftermarket this quarter. From a steady-state point of view, we still think this is a business that is going to be low single-digit growth. We're continuing to see the volume at the lower end grow. We're continuing to see good average transaction value with the lower end grow. But we definitely saw the benefit in Q1 of some of those larger transactions. But like we've said, we don't build that into the model and we only build in what we can see right in front of us. 
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. I think the best way to say that, we previously contemplated that when we were talking about our guide for this year. We hadn't closed it and announced it, but we're far enough along we built it into the model. 
Mark McCaffrey: We look at it as overall. The divestitures are about 100 basis points for the year with that peaking in the second quarter and abating through the rest of the year. 
Mark McCaffrey: Yes, and this applies to marketing and all investments, really, at the end of the day. We like to use the data in order to understand what's going to get us the best return. And when we feel we understand that, we're willing to invest in. Marketing is the same thing for us, right? We want to get to the point where we understand the monetization formula and then we can start to optimize for that. So we feel good about our ability to make those decisions across the board and to leverage across all of our P&L. And obviously, our ability to continue to expand the margins, especially as we see the uptick in AMC and the tailwind that, that gives us go on to the future. 
Mark McCaffrey: Full year guide hasn't changed. It could fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. Obviously, we're, overall, reducing our spend year-over-year. 
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. Without getting into the specifics of growth rate around ARR, Alexei, just remember, it is our lagging of our lagging indicators. So generally, we'll trail revenue, not only in the bookings to revenue formula, but it also trails the revenue to -- in the trailing 12 months that impacts it. So while we expect to see a healthy growth in ARPU, that we -- again, it's going to lag throughout the year, but it will continue to increase over time. On ARR, we continue to look at it growing as our subscription base continues to grow. It is a good sign of health. We continue to see that ARR has been very healthy in our applications and commerce as well as very steady within our core platform. We continue to say that subscription revenue should be 1 to 2 points ahead of overall -- sorry, subscription bookings should be 1 to 2 points ahead of revenue throughout the year. 
Amanpal Bhutani: Thanks, Ygal. Super excited about Airo. It's the best vehicle we have built to carry products to our customers. We know it's doing very well with new customers. And as I've shared, we've started to roll it out to our base as well. Airo just does a fantastic job of getting our customers engaged. And the metrics that we shared around it, they continue to be about discovery, which means our customers finding that GoDaddy has all these products about engagement, where they start using those products or you can say, attach them and then monetization where they start to pay for those products. And we're very methodically moving through those 3 phases. What I can share today is that on discovery, we're seeing fantastic results there. Customers buy a domain, they see their cards, they engage with the cards, customers are starting to learn that GoDaddy has way more products for me, way more offerings for me.  And I shared a little comment about pay links in the prepared remarks but I'll also share coming soon site, which is a one-page website that gets created with a domain, gets a great amount of engagement. Just regular website is getting more engagement with Airo than when we didn't have Airo. So these cards are really starting to take off in terms of discovery and engagement, which give us confidence that as we move towards monetization, we're going to have multiple levers at play. And we've started to build the pay walls and do stuff. And over the next couple of years, we think this will roll out very well and deliver results for years to come. 
Amanpal Bhutani: Thanks, Mark. Our sort of value-based pricing, AI-based pricing and bundling initiatives have not gone across all A&C. It's starting to roll out across a lot. What you're seeing in the 22% application and then bookings growth is the combination of pricing and bundling, really touching our productivity and starting to hit our website business, too. So super excited about that. There is more to go there. So we're going to continue to invest in that area and go across not just AMC, but over time, go to every customers of GoDaddy and bringing them on to these new sort of pricing and bundling approach that we have. 
Amanpal Bhutani: Yes, it's still early days, Mark, with our new customers. Obviously, that's a smaller stream of customers. With our new customers, we do see significant take rates for like a coming-soon website or actual website attach. We see that engagement -- sort of discovery and engagement and are doing really well. But the large, large opportunity, of course, is in our base. And we're literally not even 5, 6 weeks from putting Airo into our base. So it's going to take a little time, given the large customer base and our approach of going into it in a systematic manner.  We have lots of learnings from taking productivity into our base, taking commerce into our base. We're taking that same methodical approach in going into the base. It's going to take a little bit more time for us to gather data to be able to sort of share it publicly to say this is what we see. But I can tell you, we're super excited about it. And if the new customer engagement is any indicator of the base, there will be years, many, many years, we'll be talking about this. 
Amanpal Bhutani: Yes. We're very methodical, Ken, on our approach to pricing. And like we've talked about, everything is tested. So we have tests out there, as we said, it's on a phased basis. And we're really trying to create multiple offerings for our customers. And while we maintain our position in the industry for being the best value for money. It allows us to have differentiated products within our portfolio and reach more customers.  So this is something you'll see more of, and we'll talk about it over the next few quarters. But, really, what it opens up -- us up for a broader commerce solution with differentiated pricing across different bundles. And we're trying to set things up for the same sort of mindset of pricing and bundling activity together for commerce as we are bringing [ available ] of products. 
Amanpal Bhutani: Just a quick add, Ken, that our general term in just around 12 months, a little over. So that can give you sort of the idea of how bookings will take about 12 months, get distributed about over 12 months for revenue. 
Amanpal Bhutani: Yes. The biggest sort of encouragement for our customers, the best vehicle we've put in place for pay link attach is being in Airo, right? And the way it happens is that when the customer buys the domain name, all these cards, all these capabilities get set up automatically.  And we introduced pay link in a very similar way as we introduced the other capabilities. And what we found is we obviously had existing ways of helping our customers discover pay links, helping them engage with them and start to transact using pay links. But Airo sort of brought it together in a very simple manner.  It was right there in front of customers and we saw the customers engage with it at significantly higher rates than without Airo. So that's what's driving sort of the engagement with pay links. Overall, for GPV, we did hit the $2 billion annualized GPV milestone this last quarter. And the biggest part of that continues to be going into our base of customers and converting them to GoDaddy payments. 
Amanpal Bhutani: Yes. There are some customer events -- customer-side events, for example, like you said, a customer coming up on a renewal. That may create an opportunity. But what we really lead with is that we have a relationship with these customers, right? GoDaddy has 65-plus transactions in NPS and in Care. Our customers are used to having a great relationship with us. So when we engage them, number one, they're open to the idea of GoDaddy offering them GoDaddy Payments. The second pillar of what we approached them with is that we offer them the one-stop shop. They have other relationships with GoDaddy. We can introduce one bill, one partner to work with. We can make it easier, and that's attractive to our customers because a lot of them start by saying, "Oh, I didn't even realize that you had payments." "Oh, it's pretty great." "Oh, I like the way this works." "Oh, this works seamlessly with all my other stuff I do with GoDaddy." So that's a win for us too. And then you've got pricing that's the best value in the market today, which sort of comes in as a third pillar of that sales pitch. And what we continuously are finding is that, that works. That encourages our customers who have great relationships with us, who run micro businesses adopt GoDaddy Payments, and that's what's been driving our GPV growth. 
Amanpal Bhutani: Vikram, a quick word on GABI. I'm super excited for what Gabby offers us over the long term, right? Being able to bring the massive amount of data that only GoDaddy has, working with 21 million paying customers and many more over the years, using AI to bring it together and putting it on the fingertips of every guide in the company, that's a powerful combination, right? And where we are is the tool is rolled out. The guys are starting to use it. There is, of course, always a little bit of time for adoption and training for people learning how to use even a new tool that's GenAI powered. But super excited about it. I mentioned a couple of use cases that are already live with GABI, where GABI's able to do the summaries or just start to take on tasks that otherwise guides would have had to do sort of start to move up from guides doing that -- to automation and GABI taking care of that. So there's lots of use cases we have in mind. We have a fantastic roadmap over the next couple of years in front of us. And yes, pretty excited about it. 
Amanpal Bhutani: Thanks, Aaron. On the macro, I think the word we internally feel represents it best is a steadiness to the macro. And I think that's been a positive for us, right? We had and we talked about it in 2023, strong gross adds and customers coming -- continuing to come in at the top of the funnel. And of course, some divestitures and integrations as an offset to that for the company, which I look at that as a short-term gain. But good strong gross adds coming in. The steadiness in the macro, we believe, will continue to power that. And again, continuing to have a lot of firepower in terms of really efficient marketing at our disposal. Our marketing is getting better and better. It's driven with data and lots of opportunities for us to continue to explore to put more dollars at play and get really efficient returns on them. 
Amanpal Bhutani: Yes. And I think the way you might think about it, a lot of value is being created for customers with Airo because they're getting a bundling -- bundled experience that's seamless, that's connected. And some of that monetization opportunity we have talked about like Airo Premium and pay walls, but there's also a monetization opportunity that would happen at renewals, but that would be a year out from the time the customer bought the domain. So just, Jian, keep that in mind as well. On your question on Airo features for Pro, the feature that I'm personally very excited about is Airo Insights, which is the capability where Airo assess an existing website and give super actionable advice to Pros and how to improve that website. We have a version of that, that's going to be able to work for customers, too. But that product, from the first day, from the ground up, it was built for Pros. Its first implementation is with WordPress and it's a fantastic product. Like, we get great engagement from pros on it. Again, as with all Airo products, that is still at the discovery and engagement phase. We have not added monetization yet. But this year, we expect to test a number of monetized methods for Airo Insights as well. 
Amanpal Bhutani: Thanks, Jian. The biggest piece of the driver for the GPV growth is actually converting our customers in the base. And a lot of that has to do with a broader solution than just the online solution, right? We have our hardware. We own the full stack from the hardware to the operating system on it to the applications on top of it. And what we're taking, really, is sort of this omnicommerce solution that we're trying to bundle in different ways and target to the customers that we have. So that's actually the biggest driver of the GPV. And it's a fantastic driver for GPV, right? We want to be in-store with the customer and online. We don't want to be just online with the customer. We want to sort of have access to all of their business. And that's what we're doing with the base of our customers. And very often, it starts with a sale of a piece of a hardware, and that's a great start. 
Amanpal Bhutani: Yes. On Airo changing the top of the funnel, we're excited about being able to market the GoDaddy brand as a provider of not just this expansive set of products and capabilities, but the provider that can bring you those capabilities in a seamless, intuitive almost magical manner. So Airo is not just an experience for our customers, not just a platform that GoDaddy has, it's something we're taking into our marketing and looking at ways to really dive into customer perception.  And if the customer thinks about GoDaddy and thinks about domains, Airo is going to help the customer think about GoDaddy and think about a lot of things together. So that is the largest piece of shifting the top of the funnel with Airo, Elizabeth, if that makes sense, is really taking the go-to-market plan for Airo into every bit of our marketing into every channel that we have and making that really, really successful. In terms of customer growth, yes, we absolutely see, in the medium and long term, a growing customer base or GoDaddy. We see that as a key sort of point of growth. We have the brand awareness globally that is fantastic. Like, it's unparalleled. We have amazing products to bring to them. We have plenty of firepower in our P&L to be able to reach those customers, right? So we absolutely believe there are a lot more customers for GoDaddy to reach and add to that $21 million every year. 
Amanpal Bhutani: John, on the pricing and bundling, I just want to clarify a little bit. These are not push pricing changes. It really is an approach to create new and differentiated bundles, to have pricing that's value-based. It's differentiated. It's not sort of a simple price increase that one might see. All of the pricing and bundling capabilities are based on sort of large-scale data and machine learning. We see -- we have a very large customer base the more we apply this thinking. We do see some runway in front of us to do that. And so we think it's a great lever. I'll maybe point back to our growth and margin drivers slide during the Investor Day and sort of pricing and bundling was the biggest pillar. Because, again, it's not just about price increase. It's about creating the right bundle and pricing it in a dynamic manner to get the best return, both for bookings growth and for renewal at the same time. So that's just a little bit of context for how you might think about our pricing and bundling initiative. In terms of the macro, I think the best word we've used is sort of we see a steadiness to the macro, and we think that's a positive. We think, for our customers, they always tend to be an optimistic group. We never do a survey with our customers and they never come back with sort of, "Oh, I think the world -- the sky's falling." They're always optimistic about their business. And the steady macro, I think, just helps them have a little bit more optimism. 
Amanpal Bhutani: Yes. Let me start by talking about the Airo pay wall. The type of thing we're talking about is you buy a domain name and suddenly, you've got a logo, you've got a coming soon website created. You've got 8 versions of websites created that you can choose one from. You've got an e-mail address that's been created for you. You've got a pay link that's ready to go. You can take payments on it, 60 seconds later, right? You've got a marketing campaigns that are set up for you already.  We're looking for engagement and we're gathering data about how customers engage with these different capabilities of products, the cards, as we call them, right? The pay wall is a technology which basically looks at that usage, and at a certain point of value created for the customer, it will interrupt the customer and say, hey, if you want, let's say, a better logo or if you want to improve this website in a certain way or you want to edit this website here, you actually have to start to have a paid plan.  Like it was great that you had -- that Airo did all this work for you and we love it that you love it, but at this point now, you have to pay for it, right? And that's pay wall and sort of being having the ability to dynamically become part of the customer journey and introduce friction where you want to get paid is a sophisticated sort of capability that SaaS companies have. And I'm very excited to have it at GoDaddy too, right? And Airo, given its breadth of products, really offers us the capability to have lots of different pay walls that were tests. So I shared an example, I think, in the past about a pay wall for websites. But slowly, what you're going to see is us sort of understanding the customer journey, the flow and then interrupting that and looking to sort of sign up with a subscription with that customer. And in terms of marketing, as I said, we're -- I'm going to say this, and Mark will probably say something related to it, and we laugh about it sometimes internally. I'd, of course, like to spend a lot on marketing with Airo and tell the whole world about the capability we have. But we're very disciplined in our approach of looking at the return on marketing.  And that has to do with my history, going back many, many years, relying on gathering a lot of data, how is our market, how our marketing channels are working, how are we really getting value from them. So we'll continue to stay super-disciplined and look to spend whatever we can within our guidelines. But I think in terms of leverage for the year, Mark, do you want to… 
Amanpal Bhutani: Yes, Naved, thanks for that question. So the approach we've taken with value-based pricing is that the pricing and bundling initiatives sort of works together on it, if you will. They go hand in hand. Because it's really looking at what the engagement is for that customer, what value that customer has, what bundles and services that we can create for them and then how should we price that. And where we -- and Mark talked a little bit about the areas where we've already invested in that. We actually want to take that thing across our whole portfolio. So sitting here, we do believe, as we said at Investor Day, there's sort of at least 3 years of goodness for us that we see with the pricing and bundling initiative. And we're excited about going after that opportunity because we do have a huge base, 21 million customers, that we can approach with that type of thinking. 
Amanpal Bhutani: Yes. The WorldPay partnership isn't driving the GPV growth necessarily. And we like the partnership with WorldPay. We're excited about with the new team there. It's doing -- obviously, they had a lot going on over the last few months, but we think they're in a great place. We're very excited about the product offering we have with them, and we're excited about them sort of selling more and more every month. So that's where we're at. But our GPV is mostly growing without selling into our own base. 
Amanpal Bhutani: Thanks, Ygal. I think you kind of answered the question. We have diversified portfolio of domains, right? You're familiar with it. We have the opportunity to sell over 400 different TLDs. The opportunity to have massive brand awareness globally. We are in more markets than any other domain registrar what have you, right? And then we have the opportunity to really create merchandising and offerings that are unique compared to other players. So we think we have a great diversified portfolio on domains. Obviously, we love all our partners. And if a large partner wants to do more, we're always happy to do more. We want to work with everyone. 
