Mark McCaffrey: Yes. Thanks, Vikram. I'll start with, as we've done in prior quarters, we use a range, and that range takes into account the unpredictability of our aftermarket business. And we try to build that into our thought process as we go quarter-to-quarter. 7% is still part of the guided range. It allows for the upside or downside to our transactional business. When we're talking about the difference between these numbers, we are talking about a few million dollars either direction. And overall, on a $4 billion business, we feel good about the momentum it is driving. So hopefully, that gives a little bit of help on the first part of that question. On the second part of the question, we love our momentum going into 2024. If you look at our bookings growth and applications and commerce outpacing our revenue within the quarter. If you look at domains, 8% bookings growth versus 4% revenue coming out of the quarter and going into Q4. You look at the pricing actions, we take the overall growth of applications and commerce just as a bigger part of the picture. It really shows a lot of that momentum going forward. We have a lot of confidence in that, I would say, momentum going into 2024 and our ability to grow upon that. But we're feeling good about where we're headed.
Mark McCaffrey: All right. Thanks, Robert. And I'll start with the domains. And I would say both, right? We took pricing actions in Q3 that started to show up, especially in our bookings, but is accelerating our revenue, but we are seeing strong demand within domain. Now the strong demand also has a compounding effect because we're seeing them attached to that second product faster than we ever did, and that is showing up in our growth in bookings and applications and commerce right now. So I'd say it's a combination of all those working in the same direction, giving that momentum and giving us that confidence going into 2024.
Mark McCaffrey: Great. Thanks, Jian, and good talking to you. On the normalized EBITDA puts and takes. We're coming -- we started talking about this in the first half of the year, and we were taking actions around integrating some of our core GoDaddy platforms into one technology stack. We took some restructuring actions. We talked about how the benefit of those would start to show up in the second half of the year. We saw some of that accelerate into Q3 based on our, I would say, hitting the timetables and milestones around getting workloads into the cloud. So we can see that momentum continuing going the year, allowing us to drive a lot of efficiencies within our tech and dev. The other part of it is application of commerce. From a segment margin perspective, as that continues to grow at an accelerated pace, that provides us even more leverage into our normalized EBITDA margin. So we'll get to a little bit more of the puts and takes and run rate and what we think is normalized when we get into next year and talk in more detail around 2024. But that's a high-level good way to think about where we're going to continue to see them and our ability to drive that leverage in our normalized EBITDA margin.
Mark McCaffrey: And I'll just add, the strong demand we're seeing really has been at a higher level than we've seen and consistent level. We've talked about it in prior quarters. We're continuing to see that same demand. And the customers are coming in with higher intent. So they're getting to that second product to get into their third product a lot quicker. So from a micro business perspective, we're seeing a lot of demand and attachment that is really pushing our model that we've talked about in the past.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. And thanks, Chris. Good question, right? We've never talked about that in the past. So it's the first time we're bringing that number out, and I don't want to go back because again, it's something we're tracking a little bit more closely now. But for us, when we get to that second product it really drives not only more efficiency within our operating model and drive our margins to a higher place. It really gets into strengthening our retention rates. It really gets into driving our ARPU. So there's a lot of metrics that are driven off that second attach, and even more, they get driven off those third attached. I always say, our average is around 85% retention. But when that customer gets to that second product, it goes up significantly higher from there. And if it gets to a third product, it's almost a customer for life, right? So it's really all about driving an LTV. We'll continue to provide guidance on that as we go forward as to how we're tracking towards them in a general basis, but it comes back to the what we're seeing now is not only strong demand but strong attach and more intent to do something with the domain name to the second product than we've seen before. And I know, Aman, you're excited about some of the bundling capabilities here, too.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes, thanks. And I think when you look at the difference between the create and grow ARR and the overall ARR, the subscription business is productivity. So it doesn't take much of a, I would say, a lead to say, yes, it is growing at a good pace on an ARR basis and adding to our subscription.
Mark McCaffrey: We don't break it down by product specifically, but I will add color to say we're seeing strength across the board in not only create and grow but applications and commerce. So I would say we're really happy with the attach, the momentum in the market. The A&C bookings are really outpacing revenue at this point. So I would say strength across the board.
Mark McCaffrey: We're seeing about 150 basis points of headwind related to the hosting business and the divestitures and the migration. Aftermarket is also included in the core platform number, just to keep in mind. While we're going to have some headwinds related to some of those actions we took in the first half of the year, we're seeing the core GoDaddy hosting platform stable, right? We're seeing high retention rates. We're seeing a lot of cash flow generation. We're even seeing that the few little churn that we have within the core GoDaddy hosting stack is going to other areas of our platform right now and attaching products. So I would say we're continuing to work through the integration, divestitures, the compares around it. We'll have some headwinds moving into next year related to that part of it, but we're happy with GoDaddy's core hosting strength right now being stable and primarily close to flat.
Mark McCaffrey: I think that covered a lot of it, Aman. I would say we're seeing strength in the demand end of it. We're seeing -- we took pricing action. No doubt that's contributing to the overall 8% bookings growth that we're seeing in domains coming out of the quarter. So a lot of strength there. We're a little different than some of the other players. So we have a little bit more breadth of what we offer, and we're seeing strength in some TLDs. And probably our geographic regions, as others have pointed out, there are weaknesses in certain areas that we're just not as exposed to.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. So we tried to add a little more color around the aftermarket and our stated comments this time. We continue to be the global leader in the aftermarket, and it's driving part of a healthy domain business overall. It's a $400 million-plus business, and we're seeing it grow at a lesser rate than we've seen before. Now Q3 was still a relatively tough compare to last year for us in that. So we've seen less of a dip. We see that trend starting to turn like we talked about. We expect Q4 to be an easier compare. And obviously, we expect going into 2024, those comparisons get broadly more easy. But from a volume perspective, overall, we're still seeing a healthy $400 million-plus business on an annual basis. We continue to see the momentum. Like we stated earlier, in the year, we're not seeing the large transactions like we used to, but we continue to see on a volume basis aftermarket being healthy.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. Thanks, Deepak. I'll start with the divestitures and the headwinds related to it. A lot of those activities we've completed in the first half of the year. So it will be a little bit of time before the comparables around them start to normalize. They will take to the second half of next year. So it will create a little bit of a headwind going into the year for us. We do have some of those activities still happening in the second half of the year. So it will continue to be something we will point out, call out and talk about the impact. That's why we called out the 150 basis point headwinds related to that going forward. From a stabilization point of view, once we get through the actions that we've taken when you look at the core GoDaddy platform in and of itself, we think this is going to be a low single digit to flat growing business over time. It's got huge high retention rates compared to our normal business, generates a lot of cash flow. And we're seeing them convert over to other areas of the GoDaddy platform when they leave. So they're staying within the technology stack, which is great for us. But we're not looking at that as driving any significant growth in our core platform going forward. So hopefully, that's helpful. On the margin expansion, our model doesn't require double-digit growth going forward. We acknowledge we're living in a dynamic environment and the headwinds in their sales wins are continuing to present themselves. But if you look at the momentum around our A&C business in and of itself, its ability to generate higher normalized EBITDA becoming a bigger part of the picture as we move forward. If you look at our demand, our retention rates, our APRU all of those are pointing to more efficient and our ability to drive that operating margin. That's why we're comfortable and confident about the 31% exit rate and being approximately there when we exit next year. That's why we're confident in saying we're going to grow from there going into '25 and '26 as well. So again, takeaway, not premised on double-digit growth and is looking to continue to expand as we get away from the actions we've taken. We grow A&C. We're on the same technology stack now. And we're seeing the momentum in the business that we think is really going to drive profitable growth moving forward.
Aman Bhutani: And on care, Trevor, over the last couple of years, we've done a good job of leveraging our care line item as revenue has grown. We've kept care pretty flat to down. When we look forward, I continue to see opportunities for automation, and the consumer behavior piece that's really important is that more and more consumers want to engage with care using chat or messaging. And that just is a lower cost interaction for us versus voice calls. We've also optimized how we connect with customers around the world, and that is continuing to be a tailwind for us because in our case, chat or messaging is running well ahead of voice. And that slowly starts to tip in favor of a lower and lower cost on the care side.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. So when we look at our customers and we survey our customers sort of every six months or so, what we noticed is that they're resilient group. And even though they may have sort of greater negativity about the overall economy, they are much more positive about their business and bringing everything to the table. And the way they look at our products, whether it's domains or websites or the productivity solutions, specifically e-mail, as sort of low-cost offerings that create a lot of value for them. So there's a lot of consumer surplus for them in the offerings that we bring to them. And the thing that's driving our sort of faster growth in applications is commerce. Number one, as I talked about in my prepared remarks, we've unlocked some new bundling capabilities for both domains and productivity, and that's creating some new bundles, which are being accepted really well by customers. So we're super excited about that. And then in the presence bucket, I talked a little bit about our investments in Managed WordPress over the last couple of years, and that product has really come a long way and is now competitive with the best in the world. And we're seeing fast bookings growth on that double-digit bookings growth. And once we have the bookings in that, we know it's going to transition to revenue, and that's going to help accelerate Q4 and 2024 as well. And the third piece of application and commerce is commerce. And as Mark noted and I noted, GPV is still on track to double year-over-year. Our customers in our base are adopting that, and commerce continues to grow quite well. So you've got kind of all three parts of the segment really firing, and that's leading to the accelerating growth.
Aman Bhutani: Yes, a couple of things I'd love to mention quickly is the first the bundling capabilities I talked about today. They're really going to help move the two-plus products number. And I think we've shared this number with you, and I think you're going to see it grow nicely. But the second thing, that's not the only thing we have in play. One of the great opportunities for GoDaddy is that we have a lot of customers coming through the domains funnel. And a lot of them aren't fully aware of the full suite of products that GoDaddy has. And that's where we're launching GoDaddy Airo, which is when a customer buys a domain name, they get a basic website created for them using gen AI and automation. They get a set of social posts that they can use right away. They get an AI-generated logo that they can use right away and actually a few other things that just come to them with the domain name. And one of the things we're most excited about launching this capability is that it will explore our domain customers to the full suite of offering that we have for them, and it will really propel two-plus products, which then leads to the numbers Mark is talking about, the higher LTV that comes with it. And that's obviously a path that we're pressing on pretty hard.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. The GMV number continues to grow and is about 36 billion right now. So I think it will be in our 10-K. It should be there.
Aman Bhutani: Yes, John, let me take the first part. Mark can take the second. Based on our surveys, what we see for the micro businesses -- and I can give you two data points, one for the U.S. and one for the U.K. So you can get some idea of how it's different in different parts of the world. Generally, the question of how positive are they about growing their own business is this year a little bit up to flattish, right? They feel optimistic -- I think part of it is they have to feel optimistic. They have to show up every day and make it happen. So they have that positivity about themselves and their businesses. But if we look year-over-year on how they feel about the broader economy, that has gone down. So just to summarize in the U.S., positive on the overall economy, but almost equally positive, if not a bit higher on their own business. And it's a little bit different in the U.K. where the overall number for positivity is a bit lower. And even though they continue to be positive about their business, their view of the economy has declined much faster. So there's some consistency across the markets, but the numbers are different with the U.S. micro business owners feeling generally more positive about their business than the U.K., for example. Hopefully, that make it a bit of color, John and it's helpful. And I'll turn it to Mark.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. And on payable domain, we continued to perform and contribute to the GPV growth that we're seeing, but in line sort of with what we've seen in the past. Q3 overall was a stronger quarter for GPV. And as we look forward to Q4, we're excited to see what's to come.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. I had said 36 billion. And GPV is on track, very similar to last quarter to double year-over-year. There's no change in sort of the trajectory there. Like I just noted, it was actually a strong quarter for GPV, and we're looking forward to Q4. In terms of attaching GoDaddy Payments to our base, new -- or let me handle both new customers coming in, for example, the websites plus marketing attaching GoDaddy Payments at very, very high rates and us attaching to the base has continued to grow. And the biggest contributor to the GPV growth continues to be us converting existing GoDaddy customers to GoDaddy Omnicommerce solution.
Aman Bhutani: Thanks, Ygal. We talk to our investors regularly, and what we learned is that they're looking for more information from us in a couple of areas. They're looking for our plan to drive further margin expansion, and they're looking for our path to faster growth in A&C. And what you saw in our prepared comments today is that we shared more details on both of those areas. We as a team are focused on the results we're delivering, and all of our forward commentary is everything that we're doing to drive value for shareholders. So our broader view is that we listen to a lot of -- we're engaged with our investors all the time. We're listening to them, and we're sharing back information on the things that we feel they're asking us for. And then on the domain side, I'll turn it to Mark, but just to quickly remind you, although we don't break out dot-com, dot-net or any specific TLD, our registry business continues to do well. It's continued to sort of perform at a great rate. And we do offer, as you know, a very large number, TLDs over 400. So our business, our base is different. And also our reach internationally is significantly different than many other players. But I'll turn it to Mark to see what he'd add.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. Thanks for that question. When we look at our tech and debt spend, the way we have it allocated is the -- it's divided between the platform investments and our product innovation. On the platform side, there is a set of investment made, which Mark shared with some slides around cyber, around core data platform improvements, and those have tended to help all our products. And what we found there is as we integrate more and more platforms, as we've integrated the brands that we talked about this year, some of those costs peak and it started to come down. So we're seeing leverage on the platform side, and that's great. On the product innovation side, our approach has very much been about attacking a few areas and driving improvement in them. And as those areas improve, shifting our spend into other areas -- or our investment, I should say, into other areas and improving them. And we're very careful about how those investments. And as an example, we invested -- and I talked about the investment in Managed WordPress over a couple of years. And I'm very happy to have a great product today that is now showing great growth as well. But that does mean that we have team and a size of investment there that we no longer need to continue to invest in it. So hopefully, that gives you a bit of color on how we go about sort of getting leverage on the whole on the platform side but also on the core product side, where we are able to move people around and get to things and sort of drive growth without necessarily always adding more.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. And just very quickly, I did mention in my prepared remarks some of the areas where we have initiatives to continue to drive more efficiency in the line items, and I want to repeat them again, but we did share some items there. And ultimately, it drives a better combination of growth and profitability.
Aman Bhutani: Thank you, Christie, and thank you for joining us. As always, just a quick mention to all the GoDaddy employees who have been working super hard and a great quarter for us. And I'm excited looking forward into Q4 and 2024. Thank you.
