Christie Masoner: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us for GoDaddy's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. I'm Christie Masoner, Senior Director of Investor Relations. And with me today are Aman Bhutani, Chief Executive Officer; and Mark McCaffrey, Chief Financial Officer. Following prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions]. On today's call we'll be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results and operating metrics such as total bookings, unlevered free cash flow, normalized EBITDA, annualized recurring revenue or ARR gross merchandise volume or GMV and net debt. A discussion of why we use non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures to their GAAP equivalents may be found in the presentation posted to our Investor Relations site at investors.godaddy.net or on our Form 8-K filed with the SEC with today's earnings release. The matters we'll be discussing today include forward-looking statements, which include those related to our future financial results, our strategies or objectives with respect to future operations including our approach to capital allocation new product introductions and innovations and our ability to integrate acquisitions and achieve desired synergies. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that are discussed in detail in our documents filed with the SEC. Actual results may differ from those contained in forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today May 4, 2022 and except to the extent required by law we undertake no obligation to update these statements as a result of new information or future events. With that here's Aman.
Christie Masoner: Our next question comes from the line of Clarke Jeffries from Piper Sandler. Clarke, please go ahead.
Christie Masoner: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Zgutowicz from Benchmark. Mark, please go ahead. Mark, I believe you are muted.
Christie Masoner: Our next question comes from Elizabeth Porter from Morgan Stanley. Elizabeth. Please go ahead. Elizabeth, please un-mute.
Christie Masoner: As a reminder, if you’d like to ask the question, please use the raise hand feature at the bottom of the webinar screen. Our next question comes from the line of Naved Khan from Truist. Naved, please go ahead. Naved, I think you are on mute. I will turn the call back over to Aman for closing remarks.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. Thanks, Aman, and Trevor. I think that's exactly right, Aman. I think you stole the buy line. We did shut down. It didn't have a significant impact on us. I would say, it's more of the macroeconomic trends that are impacting us throughout Europe, and there isn't a particular exposure to any region or country at this point to call out.
Mark McCaffrey: Yeah, absolutely. Thanks, Clarke. Hey listen, we couldn't be more happier than the momentum we have in the aftermarket. And I think we've talked about it coming out of Q4. And we continue to see strong volume growth and average prices going up. And that's what we really track when we look at the momentum around there. It's hard to predict the larger transactions but we still see them coming in. And we still see the momentum obviously quarter-over-quarter that created within that market. Nothing to call out domestic versus -- or sorry, North America versus international. It seems to be just broad-based momentum in that market and we continue to be pleased with the amount of transactions and the volume that is going through there right now.
Mark McCaffrey: Yes, and that's great. I think in these times what we're hearing is that being a one-stop shop for our customer base, which is entrepreneurs and very small businesses becomes an opportunity. They are focusing on their business and their ability to really count on us to help make their go-to-market easier seems to be something that is resonating with them. And a reminder, we generate about 85% of our revenue coming from our existing 21 million customers. So our ability to give them relevant products in the market is just a huge upside for us and we look at it as very much a positive going forward.
Mark McCaffrey: Yeah. And thanks Aaron. On labor costs we have been in a hypercompetitive environment for talent here for a number of years. So we've been constantly looking at how do we attract talent but yet have levers in place to moderate the cost buildup appropriately. And that hasn't changed, and we're not seeing anything that would cause us to think that that's going to be what we haven't built into our guide already. And we continue to look for opportunities to diversify the locations of our employees going forward to make sure we can maintain that into our three-year outlook. 
Mark McCaffrey: I'll jump into that one Aman. You can add color. You hit it right on the head there. It's – we're comping to a tough quarter last year. We did talk about January at Investor Day and some of the impacts in the market and we've seen positive momentum coming out of the quarter which gives us a lot of comfort as we get into the rest of the year. We're excited about it. So there's nothing in particular to call out that we haven't already mentioned. And we also are very happy that coming off a great Q4. The bookings growth was pretty strong. So we like the momentum, we like the opportunities out there in the market right now. Obviously, it's an interesting time, but we continue to manage through it and we feel good about where we think we're going to end up for the year and the quarter Q2. 
Mark McCaffrey: Yes. Brent, I'll take it on two ends on that one. One, us internally and then two customer demand. And Aman may have some comments on the customer end of it. One on our end we're -- I think it's in our prepared remarks or slide we're about 13% variable interest rate right now. So we think the impact for us in the quarter and the year will be minimal. Obviously, we will as we mentioned we look to refinance our term loan and our revolver. And if it makes sense we'll do so. But we think those are the things within our control. When it comes to our customer base it's hard to predict the overall impact of inflation, but we believe because our products help them do business and our ability to be a one-stop shop helps them ultimately be more efficient in the marketplace and focus on growing their business that we are an additive tool for them versus something they will have to choose between. But it's hard to look at the overall impact on the three years. And Aman I don't know if you want to add to that at all. 
Mark McCaffrey: I'll hit the first part of that and Aman maybe you can handle the second. And Sunil, I assume you're talking about the G&A line when you say overhead.
Mark McCaffrey: It represents -- we started reopening our offices in Q1, so saw a small uptick as we got ready for that. It's still below historical levels and we expect it to be in one going forward and we're comfortable with where we are in our normalized EBITDA margins that we put out there in the guide and also for our three-year plan. But the specific increase was related to opening the offices in Q1. 
Mark McCaffrey: So when we look at the infrastructure cloud costs, we're still in the process of moving to the cloud. I think we've talked about that and our impact on our tech and dev line. And we still look at it as an opportunity to moderate our cost as well as reduce our capital expenditures going forward. Everything that we are looking at today we've included in the guide not only for the year, but for our three-year plan. And we feel comfortable with our normalized EBITDA margins where they are. Obviously, lots of puts and takes. But we're comfortable where we are and built in what we can see today. 
Aman Bhutani: Yeah. Thanks, Clarke. I can take the first, and Mark perhaps you can take the second. In terms of domain demand, Clarke, I would point to the sort of core domain business for us, which is now much more than selling just specific TLDs. We sell a large sort of set of TLDs across the world. We've also added to that capability the secondary market. We then combine the primary market in the secondary market. We connected those really well. You will remember products like list for sale from a year, about a year and a half ago. And then, we've also added Corporate business in Domains and we've added more recently a Registry business as well. So we continue to be very happy with our overall Domains business. But it's really the collection of sort of diverse products that we have that are performing really well for us. And then, on the aftermarket, maybe Mark I can turn it to you.
Aman Bhutani: Yeah. I think -- and if you're specifically talking about sort of my comments around the contractors in the Ukraine region. It is an important but a small group of people for us. So given our sort of large base of engineers across the world and our ability to hire globally and work with vendors around the world, we think overall it's not a huge shift. It is an important group of people. Their safety is of paramount importance to us but I wouldn't overfocus on it because the size of the group is small.
Aman Bhutani: Thanks, Ygal. Look on bringing online and offline commerce together, what we call Connected Commerce is more important for our customers than ever before, right? They need to be able to quickly pivot to selling online or be able to bring those same capabilities in-store very, very quickly. Given our portfolio and given that we are still very early in the Connected Commerce space and the exposure we have to sort of GMV is generally small in our overall business, we're still growing in that area. We have lots of opportunity where I feel very, very early in that field. And in terms of different economic impacts. I would point you to a data point I think we shared a couple of years ago. When we looked at the data or the cohort for 2008, you might remember we talked about the recession, the Great Recession cohort. Well that cohort a couple of years ago had delivered $1.5 billion in revenue with GoDaddy. And today it is up to $1.9 billion in terms of what that cohort has delivered in terms of revenue. So we look at that cohort and we see it perform very similar to other cohorts. So we look at our business and we say look, we deliver a set of products at a price that delivered great value to our customers. This is essential to their future to their growth. And yes in the short term things might move up and down a bit but those cohorts over time continue to perform very, very well. And maybe I'll turn it to you to add a couple of more bits to that.
Aman Bhutani: Sure, Ygal. In terms of the target customer like we shared on Investor Day, we have lots of customers in our base that sell up to $1 million or do up to $1 million of GMV a year. And as we had shared with you we want to be able to serve their needs because they are our customers already and we don't need to do that much more to serve them well. And we have talked about launching in Q1, a new higher-end SKU. That's what the Commerce Plus SKU is. Happy to send you details offline in terms of price points and how far it's launched and stuff like that. But you can literally go to the US website and see it. You will see 100% of the time. So it's absolutely there available to customers. And we're very excited about it like 80% of the sales that we have seen and have seen in that SKU have been new purchases, which means customers are willing to pay more for the greater value that we provided them. And it's definitely played a little bit of a part as well in the overall customers adopting GoDaddy Payments because now 70% of customers in our Commerce SKUs are adopting GoDaddy Payments, which was 60% in February that we shared with you.
Aman Bhutani: Thanks, Mark. On the new Commerce Plus plan in terms of go-to-market approach, it's super new product. We just launched it this last quarter. And most of the customer base is coming in through the web. So that's where we've done majority of the testing. No doubt, we have a huge competitive advantage in the Care organization and the ability of the Care organization to be able to have a fantastic relationship with our customers and to be able to upsell customers. But that is part of this year's priority for us to be able to get our go-to-market motion really swinging in terms of Commerce. But we're excited to have the product launch. We're excited to have customers like it we're excited that we can go to GoDaddy Payments. So that's been fantastic for us. In terms of GMV growth we just feel we're so early in the payment space and we have such a large customer base with this need. Of course, it's hard to sort of have a crystal ball and talk about specifics in terms of numbers of the long term. But we feel we're very, very early and there's just so much more for us to take. It's a massive TAM. We're positioned really well. We're putting out great innovative products in the market in terms of what we're doing with websites plus marketing. In my prepared comments, I mentioned a new commerce coming for WordPress. We have payable domains out there now testing in the US. So, we're really lighting up all our services with Commerce. So we feel we're just earlier.
Aman Bhutani: Yes. Thanks, Aaron. Let me take the cloud and marketing and Mark maybe you can comment on the labor costs. In terms of our transition to cloud, we continue to be very happy with our applications moving to the cloud. We're seeing higher productivity, we're seeing better responsiveness. We measure our applications with the Google tools and they performed very, very well, both sort of in the US and globally. So we're very excited about that. The transition is going to plan nothing significant to call out there. In terms of our marketing dollars, I think over the last year, we've been very open about sharing with you our philosophy around marketing, while making sure that we lean into the demand when we see it. And then as we see sort of changes in the mat pattern that we manage our marketing dollars. We don't want to manage them too aggressively because we don't want to pull demand down just for GoDaddy but we do want to follow the demand patterns. And what we are doing is that we're coupling that with investments in data science and better data and better technology that's allowing us to make a – measure that marketing spend better and better every year and be more efficient with it. And Mark I'll turn it to you for the labor cost comment. 
Aman Bhutani: Thank you, Elizabeth. Specific to Google, we've been competing with Google on Domains for I think seven years or more. And the removal of sort of the beta logo if you will it doesn't change – sort of create any fundamental change in the industry from my view. Competing with the mega tech players is a fact of life for every tech business. So I feel we've been competing with them and sort of not much has changed with this little change from them. 
Aman Bhutani: Yeah. I think majority of what we've talked about is new customers going through the site. In terms of our legacy customers, we continue to feel that is a big opportunity for GoDaddy. Anecdotally, we do see a set of customers that are attractive. So we know that our pricing makes sense. We know that, this is something we can scale. But that's part of this year's priority for us to get the go-to-market motions at scale across the company, so that we can go after not just the new but the legacy customers as well. But it's just – that is still work in progress. 
Aman Bhutani: Maybe just to say Brent appreciate the long-term view on the question. My view is that we have the secular trends around entrepreneurship around the Internet around commerce on the Internet. We're positioned really well. This is a critical need for micro and small businesses. So the TAM is large. GoDaddy's positioning is very, very good. It's mission-critical to customers. They don't -- in a difficult time customers don't give up their website or they don't give up their domain anymore. Lots of them don't do that. So from my perspective if times are tough for our customers that's actually opportunity for GoDaddy to do more for them. That's the opportunity to GoDaddy has to help them understand how they can navigate those times better. And as I shared about sort of the 2008 cohort we can end up with fantastic customers in all kinds of economic environments. 
Aman Bhutani: And Sunil, on payable domains, I think, my excitement about that product sort of leaked out during Investor Day. I'm sure you will notice how excited I get about it. My view is it's a fundamentally new idea. Nobody else is selling that product. We have tremendous scale to bring that to market. But we have to work with customers to understand -- to help them understand what the new product is. And that's what we're going through. That's what we're testing. We have great estimates on what we think it can be. That's definitely why we're talking about it and we're excited about it. And we'll keep you informed on how it progresses. You'll be able to see it on the side. You'll be able to see us doing more and more with it.
Aman Bhutani: Thank you Christie, and thank you all for joining us today. I'll end the call by just thanking all the GoDaddy team members who have been doing a tremendous job getting out these results and all the good work we do for our customers as well. And may the fourth be with you.
