Christie Masoner: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us for GoDaddy's Fourth Quarter and Annual 2023 Earnings Call. I'm Christie Masoner, VP of Investor Relations. And with me today are Aman Bhutani, Chief Executive Officer; and Mark McCaffrey, Chief Financial Officer. Following prepared remarks, we will open up the call for your questions. [Operator Instructions] On today's call, we'll be referencing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures and other operating and business metrics. A discussion of why we use non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures to their GAAP equivalents may be found in the presentation posted to our Investor Relations site at investors.goddady.net or in today's earnings release on our Form 8-K furnished at the SEC. Growth rates presented represent year-over-year comparisons, unless otherwise noted. The matters we'll be discussing today include forward-looking statements such as those related to future financial results and our strategies or objectives with respect to future operations. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that are discussed in detail in our periodic SEC filings. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on assumptions as of today, February 13, 2024. And except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update these statements because of new information or future events. With that, I'm pleased to introduce Aman.
Christie Masoner: Our next question comes to the line of Ygal Arounian from Citigroup. Ygal, please go ahead. Hey, Ygal.
Christie Masoner: Our next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Porter from Morgan Stanley. Elizabeth, please go ahead.
Christie Masoner: Our next question comes from the line of John Byun on for Brent Thill at Jefferies. John, please go ahead.
Christie Masoner: Our next question comes to the line of Ella Smith on for Alexei Gogolev at JP Morgan. Ella, please go ahead.
Christie Masoner: [Operator Instructions] It doesn't look like we have any more questions. We are at the top of the hour, so I'm going to hand it back over to Aman.
Aman Bhutani: Thanks Naved. Why don't I kick that off with a quick comment on the macro and I'll turn it to Mark for sort of the range and the valuation allowance. On the big picture, our customers continue to be the micro businesses and they're resilient crew and definitely we see strong demand continuing to come in through the front door. Of course, we continue to optimize our spend, marketing spend and be very, very judicious about finding new customers and bringing them to the site. But gross ads continue to be strong. And generally, I would say, our customers feel a little bit better about their prospects. Mark, I'll turn it to you.
Aman Bhutani: Thanks Zach. On Airo, we're super excited about the Airo launch. It's not often new launch, a completely new experience and customers, who are used to a certain experience adopt it and it actually does better in the first test. So super encouraging results. We are actually rolling out Airo very, very quickly to more and more cohort of customers that starts with new customers. For example, when we first started in November, we were doing it for customers that bought a domain. Very quickly after that, we enabled it for customers that bought a domain and a website. And so, more and more Airo capabilities are showing up to more customers. We launched it in international too. Of course, the full swing is getting it to all of our new customers across the globe and then starting to penetrate the base as well, which where a ton of opportunity lies for us to be able to go to our basic customers and offer them these capabilities. So, I would say every week more customers are seeing Airo. We're actually moving as quickly as we can. I'm super happy with the team's progress. And in terms of the guidance, I'll turn it to Mark.
Aman Bhutani: And then maybe, Vik, just looking at it from a different lens, you asked about A&C. If you look at it as the components of the products that we sell in A&C, every part of A&C, or every significant part of A&C, is growing booking double-digits right now. Right? So that's really propelling that business and getting to that 16% bookings growth we talked about.
Aman Bhutani: Yes, thanks, Matt. We are still in very, very early stages of penetrating our customer base. We feel very comfortable that we have access to a lot of commerce intent customers within the base already. We do expect it to continue to be the largest driver of our growth in payments in 2024 as well. So, we expect very healthy growth. As I said in my prepared comments, we are going to expand what we're selling to these customers. We're going to go after more of the omni commerce solution. We're ready. We've got some great products, some great offerings. You'll see much of it in March as well. So, we're going to go broader with our offering to these customers, but the core payments functionality, we feel really good that will keep growing well.
Aman Bhutani: Yeah. Just to make sure, what we talked about is 16% is bookings, right? Revenue is always going to lag a little bit, like Mark said, and you'll see it show up, of course.
Aman Bhutani: Yeah. On the international markets, our typical rollout plan is always English, large English markets first. So those are the markets we're testing now. But our absolute view is that Airo is a capability that should go across to all our markets. And there's a long tail of great tickets for us to approach there. So super excited about that. In terms of product attach and other monetization means, of course, product attach is the first level we're looking for. But as we'll share a little bit at our Investor Day, we're also looking for new monetization methods. And I'll just give you an example. One of the things that we want to test is a premium offering for logo building. Where -- as you see in Airo, you buy a domain and Airo builds you a logo and it builds you or gives you the ability to be able to edit that logo. But there are more services that we can offer around it. And we're going to test a new paywall for it and a new monetization method that GoDaddy has never done before. So that's one example of one of the types of things our teams are testing. And then I think in terms of the second part, I'll turn it to Mark.
Aman Bhutani: Yes, Ygal. A lot of what we talk about is GMV is often through our partnerships that we have. They tend to sell in the big categories, in the big verticals that you know about. Nothing significant to call out there, right? It follows to some extent the macro and sort of how customers are doing. Our focus very much is to provide them with a very competitive product so that they've got a system that works really well for them and it shows up in the results.
Aman Bhutani: Yeah. When we think about optimization and guiding to it, everything we have line of sight to is in the guidance already. But the fact is we're constantly evaluating new opportunities. Our teams have a very disciplined approach to looking at those opportunities and they bring forward proof points and what they need to do to be able to achieve those targets. And every quarter we're evaluating them and moving forward with new ideas. And if anything were to evolve, we would absolutely tell you more. We have a great track record of doing that over the last couple of years. And our goal is to just continue that momentum, continue that discipline. And it just compounds and that's a great thing.
Aman Bhutani: I think it's hard to project sort of multiple scenarios there, Elizabeth. It also kind of depends on the product mix in terms of which products exceed targets, but generally we're looking to, on a regular basis, balance growth and profitability. Again, our teams have a pretty disciplined process of bringing proof points in on where we invest and how we double down. On investments, something changes, our goal is to be very transparent with you guys on the call as well, so you'll be able to be on that journey with us.
Aman Bhutani: Yeah. Let me start with Airo, John. We don't have sort of a number to disclose today, but we are looking forward to talking about this at our Investor Day. It's one of the things we are going to share with you. But just to give you order of magnitude, in the first six, eight weeks, hundreds of thousands of customers had already seen the Airo experience. So, this was not a small rollout by any stretch of the imagination. And that's just new customers, purchasing customers that I'm talking about. And you talked about sort of where we expect to get by the end of the year. Our timelines for Airo are much more aggressive than that. We expect a very large percentage of our new customers to be seeing Airo within the next few months. And by the end of the year, looking much more at how our existing customers are starting to engage with Airo and how can we make a real difference there. And I'll turn it to Mark for the headwind, 100 bps.
Aman Bhutani: Yeah. And maybe to add some of the data we have shared, our website products, so Websites + Marketing, Managed WordPress are our highest margin products and they're growing double-digits. So obviously that's driving goodness in the A&C segment.
Aman Bhutani: The customer profile for GoDaddy Payments very much sort of squarely within the overall GoDaddy customer. We started with the micro seller, people selling $50,000, $100,000 a year, and we built up the million dollars, a customer who sells million dollars a year are now over a million dollars. That's the target market. That's what the product is targeted towards. So, we're very happy with the products we're growing. We're adding more capabilities in 2024. We're just going to keep broadening the omni commerce solution and tuning our go-to market. And that's what we're most excited about is just selling that broader view to our customers, like Mark said, getting to that really that third product that locks in retention for the long-term.
Aman Bhutani: Thank you, Christie. And thank you all for joining us. We're looking forward to seeing you at our Investor Day. We're excited about it. We have a lot of cool stuff to show and hopefully you're able to make it. Thank you.
Mark McCaffrey: Yeah, absolutely. And thanks Naved. On the high end of the range, I mean, you're really looking at the market around, aftermarket. We have -- we've looked at it as a flat business to slightly growing single digits, but it's always subject to larger transactions, easier comps in Q4 this year. But it seems to be a flat business, but can vary in the range. Also, we have to look at the bundling efforts we're making. Airo is early stage. We're seeing customers come in the funnel. Aman said that, talked about the demand, but they're coming in and attaching that 2+ product. We're seeing a lot of momentum there. Obviously, continued momentum would be helpful. Commerce, we're seeing continued conversion of our existing customer base to our payment platform. There's always upside from pricing as we get into more value delivering in there. So, there's many different things that can put us to the high-end of the range. We like the momentum. Obviously, we call things as we see them today, and we feel really good about where we are and how that momentum is carrying forward. On the price -- on that – sorry -- on the tax, as a reminder, we paid a one-time $850 million fee in 2020 to buy the tax savings from our shareholders back in that time, right? And that was the NOLs and the credits that had built up over a period of time. For accounting reasons, that was reserved on our books and what you're seeing now because of our increased profitability and our ability to utilize that asset over what I would say a foreseeable period of time coming forward. Accounting rules require you release that when it's more likely than not you're going to get the benefit. So you saw that there. It's not cash. It doesn't affect cash, doesn't affect normalized EBITDA or anything along those lines, but it is a benefit the company will receive from taxes in the foreseeable future. So hopefully that answered your question there.
Mark McCaffrey: Yeah. As Aman mentioned, you can hear the excitement. We're very encouraged about the momentum and the engagement metrics, but it is still early days. When we consolidated the core software platform for GoDaddy, we saw bundling and customers move into 2+ products a lot faster. And obviously Airo, we look at as an enabler of that down the road and we think it'll allow for greater bundling, greater catch, better retention. But right now it's early days and we're calling everything we see in front of us based on the momentum we see coming into the year. On the -- move on to the legacy hosting, a couple of things there, right? We have about 100 basis points of headwind coming into the year related to our divestitures and migrations that we've done. So that's built into the guide that we've given. In addition, we've seen aftermarket. We think it's going to be a flat to single digit grower, it's a $400 million plus business. We're really encouraged by the volume that's coming through the platform and the fact that it allows people to get names and in a secondary market, they couldn't get in the primary market. But we think it's going to be -- it's -- how do you say, moderated in its growth and it's leveled out. So, we've built that into the forecast. And we've talked about domains openly. We saw 4% revenue growth coming out of the quarter, but 7% bookings growth. So, we think there's a lot of momentum in the domains. And a lot of that has to do with the core GoDaddy platform now that we've launched and getting people the demand in, getting them to attach quicker, getting them to those retention rates we talk about in our model.
Mark McCaffrey: Yeah. Thanks Vikram. On A&C, the growth drivers, and we talk about this a lot, is we're seeing the demand move to that second product much faster than we had ever seen. And then now we're seeing it to the third product much faster than we've ever seen. So that shows up in our A&C growth. That's our higher profitability segment as well. So, it's driving a lot of our increased profitability and leverage within our model. But those are the drivers. Outside of Airo, it is the bundling. It's the customers, customers coming in with intent, customers moving to that second product. We've talked about once we get to the second product, our average retention is 85%, but it goes up from there. If we get customers to a third product, it goes up significantly. It's almost a customer for life. So, those are the things that are driving the momentum in A&C right now, and we're seeing that compounding. So, I would say between price, demand, attach, everything is driving that nice growth in there. On the share of purchases, there's been no change. We'll talk about it a little more on Investor Day, a little more broadly, but it's still a big part of our portfolio to return capital to our shareholders. We have 1.4 left on our authorization. We'll look at it in our discipline framework, quarter to quarter, based on what we see out there, and we'll make decisions as we go. We will talk about it a little bit more when we get to the Investor Day in March.
Mark McCaffrey: Thanks Matt. I would look at the overall business and the momentum we have going in. Remember, it's not just a subscription business. We have transactional and we have hardware shipments as well. So, we take that into account and we take into account the timing of those orders and when we think they're going out. So, there'll always be a little bit of a discrepancy between bookings and revenue related to that.
Mark McCaffrey: Yeah. So, anything we plan on doing pricing wise, just so you know, is built into our guide as we sit here today. We're excited about the bundling and the attach that's happening within Airo, within our software platform all together. And with 21 million customers, 14 million interactions with them, we get a lot of data about how they're getting value out of our products, which creates a lot of opportunity going forward around pricing bundles, elasticity around that, seeing the value they're driving. So, we think there's a lot of opportunity out there as we go forward. But right now, we've built in pricing actions as we usually do within our guide for the rest of the year. And we'll continue to evaluate and update as we go forward.
Mark McCaffrey: Yeah. Clarke, I would say it will be primarily the first half with some in the second half, but primarily in the first half.
Mark McCaffrey: Yeah. Thanks Clarke. And the way I look at it is if you take where we're exiting at Q4 of 2023 and where we're going for Q4 of 2024, the things that you have to look at are, reduced T&D spend, right? We're leveraging more of the AWS cloud. We're reducing dependency on data centers. There'll be a natural leverage we'll get in our P&L related to that. We're getting leverage in our care organization through the use of AI and automation, also access to global workforces that'll help us as we go forward. And then some of it is just the natural growing A&C picture, right? It's a more profitable segment. It's software based. Therefore, as that grows and becomes a bigger part of the picture, it helps expand our margins just naturally again, that leverage we get from the 2+ products starts to kick in the bigger A&C gets all together. So those are kind of the levers I'm looking at. Hopefully that's helpful.
Mark McCaffrey: Yeah. So I'll give some color for you, Ygal. When we look at our customers, we've always said we are targeting customers with a higher intent to do something when they come into the funnel, add that second product, start that business, generate value for themselves, and therefore generate value for us. What we've seen coming out of '23 and continuing into 2024 at the gross ads level is that consistent, strong demand that we've talked about all year and that continuing. And to put it in perspective, '23 gross customer ads was higher than 2022, right? And so not only are we seeing an increase there, we're seeing it more consistent from quarter to quarter and more stable.  With that, we're seeing that also that intentful customer come in with those gross ads, which is the momentum we're seeing in the bundling, the growth you see materialize in A&C. And we're seeing through the divestitures, we are losing customers, but they are generally customers that were low intent customers. So they were on a single product, maybe weren't doing things, hadn't done things for years. So that trade off is in there and continues to be something that we are working through on a net customer ad basis. Obviously, as we continue our divestitures and look at our portfolios, we've done a lot of that work in '23. So that will begin to abate for the work we've done in '23 and we'll continue to review our portfolio going forward. But it is bringing in the demand that has that higher intent customer and that stable demand we're seeing at the front of the funnel now.
Mark McCaffrey: Yeah. And I'll just add, the GPV is what we focus on because that's what we monetize within our customer base and that's what we're targeting to help grow payments.
Mark McCaffrey: Yeah. So, giving you color around, I'll say how we expect it to rollout. We talked about 27 in Q1 because of the spending related to our renewals and certain other timing and expenses. And then, 31 is our exit strategy with 29 being the average. So we do think -- we do, like we saw last year, believe it'll ladder up. We haven't gotten to the exact numbers yet. We'll provide more color around that as we get further into the year. But I think you can put a trajectory around there. Now, there might be some timing of marketing expenses that we'll talk you through if that were to happen. But other than that, I would expect it to be similar to what we saw this year in laddering up through the year.
Mark McCaffrey: Yeah. Thanks Elizabeth. Just a little further color, we're seeing the momentum in A&C and we've talked about the bookings. We've talked about the headwinds related to some of the divestiture activity. There are other things we built in there for the acquired or non-strategic hosting assets that still exist that haven't been integrated. We're assuming they're flat to down for the year as we continue to evaluate their long-term prospects. Things like aftermarket, we're assuming will be flat for the year, maybe slightly up, but again, no momentum being grown there -- coming there from continued growth in that market. That could change. There's some volatility in that market quarter to quarter, but we think on a long-term basis, that'll be the way to measure it. Still good growth in domains. It's still something that we're big in growing at percentage point wise is always difficult on a big base, but we think it'll be a steady increase as we see that demand coming in. So, when you put that all up and you put the headwinds into there at the first part of the year, we think 6% is a good point for the middle of the range. We know there's opportunities for the high-end of the range and we'll continue to monitor those.
Mark McCaffrey: I think Aman put it perfect. We balance the growth and the profitability. Our goal is to drive free cash flow and ultimately free cash flow per share. We're constantly looking at the ways to do that and the ways to be creative to the long-term model. And we'll constantly evaluate what creates that opportunity for us that we can go into the future.
Mark McCaffrey: Yeah. So, we did a lot of work in 2023, and that caused 100 basis points headwinds, both in '23 and '24. We're still continuing to evaluate our portfolio and we'll take any actions that we need to related to things that may not be strategic or things that aren't going to be accretive long-term to our model. So I wouldn't say we're done. I would say we'll continue to optimize, evaluate and make the decisions for the long-term business best we can.
Mark McCaffrey: Yeah. I haven't quantified it out to the exact numbers, but keep in mind it benefits us in two areas. One, obviously it helps on normalized EBITDA on a go forward basis, but also reduces our CapEx spend because a lot of these divestitures related to also data centers that we no longer need and will go with the acquiring entity. So, there are two benefits we see. Both triangulate around helping our free cash flow and generating our free cash flow growth going forward.
Mark McCaffrey: Yeah. I don't know, Ella, if we've gotten into that detail before, so I'll give you some high level and then hopefully that's helpful for you. A&C in and of itself is a higher margin business for us. There are certain areas that are from a gross margin perspective a little lower, for example, payments where we have the transaction fee, but they're coupled with software and subscriptions that drive it up. So when we look at it from a bundling perspective, they are very accretive to the margin as well as the normalized EBITDA line. I would say when I look at what's driving the growth in A&C, you have to look at it from -- there is a pricing aspect of it, no doubt, as we increase prices across certain products, but there also is a demand element of it, which when we see that customer go to that second product, we get the increase on that as well. So I would say it's a good mix. We haven't gotten into breaking down X times Y, but all that's contributing to the growth in A&C right now.
