Scott Wagner: Thanks Blake. My focus over the last six months since Ray's arrival has been on our big go-to-market efforts, specifically the evolution of our marketing strategy and execution, our international growth and how we can do more with our customers through care. Today, I’ll say a bit about our marketing and international efforts. First on marketing, we’ve returned to the Super Bowl broadcast this year to launch GoCentral, kicking off a broader campaign that place to the cultural and commercial power of the Internet. Our ad drove millions of viewers to the GoDaddy’s website with a very effective digital extension tactic yielding millions of video views across multiple channels in our best Sunday ever for new customer sign ups. In their analysis of this year’s ad forums reported ours among the top five attention generating ad with this year’s game. Everyone knows the Super Bowl help put GoDaddy on the map, but decade ago, massively expanding the Company’s brand awareness, but our purpose this year was different. This year, the game provided a great forum to introduce GoCentral, which Blake just spoke about and kick off a larger campaign, focused on showing no one knows the Internet like GoDaddy via new character who personifies the Internet. In the coming months, you’ll see more of the Internet character and GoCentral across many channels in tactics as we showcase GoDaddy’s expertise in building, expanding and protecting the ideas that the Internet loves. With this new campaign, we have a marketing message that wings are GoDaddy brand to the breath of our product portfolio and the outcomes we deliver for our customers. In the context of our overall marketing spend this year, the Super Bowl represents just one, relatively small tactic in a global marketing strategy that delivers very effective and efficient customer acquisition relative to the high value we generate for customers around the world. And turning to international, I want to spend a moment there on our progress and how HEG fits so well with our globalization strategy. GoDaddy’s international business finished 2016 at nearly $500 million in annual revenue. The addition of HEG will bring us to well over 6.5 million paying international customers or more than 40% of our total customer base, making our international business on its own bigger than most companies in our category. As we shared with everyone in December, HEG is highly complementary to our existing business with similar customers, fantastic leadership team, strong customer unit economics, in an exceptional financial profile. The deal dramatically strengthens our position in Europe and we see clear upside for HEG’s customers from GoDaddy’s products, technology platform and care. In 2017, we’re focused on first bringing our full GoDaddy product portfolio to HEG including domains, SSL, managed hosting and productivity applications. Second, integrating our global tech platform and care operations across Europe. And third, accelerating go-to-market efforts in key European countries. We feel strongly there is much more to this acquisition and buying a European footprint and customer base. The combination with HEG will expand our team in Europe from fewer than 10 professionals to 100, who can accelerate our overall business in Europe. Finally, the financial characteristics of the HEG acquisition are positive we expect the acquisition to be accretive to free cash flow in the coming 12 months. So that’s a quick update on marketing and international and with that, I’m going to turn the call over the Ray.
Scott Wagner: The one add on Sterling is again our customer base in the U.S. is growing. It's growing nicely and as we think about our product portfolio and expanding our product portfolio, obviously using those new products to drive additional customers as part of the strategy.
Scott Wagner: Yes, back to what I mentioned on domain Sterling. We're just continuing to see grow over some various large secular lift we've got. We've been outperforming the industry for a couple years now grown that double-digits. So while we would love to continue to do that as that base gets bigger and bigger. It's hard to grow with those same rates.
Scott Wagner: Hey, Jason. It’s Scott. So first of all let's call it site building or presence. The very first thing you do with a domain name is you attach it to an online presence. And we at GoDaddy bode through the building of the business over the last 10 years, 15 years in the variety of ways in which we do it already supporting more sort of paid and active sites in various forms and frankly anybody else around the world. Now the interesting thing about presence and I think this is what Blake was highlighting through GoCentral is, when done super well and in a connected way it can be really the dashboard of the connective tissue to add all sorts of other applications. Whether it would be marketing or marketing services or SCO, so on and so forth. So the real tenant of GoCentral is about certainly getting somebody a great online presence, but then it's really the connective tissue about what else you add in and do with that site to be successful.
Scott Wagner: And so Jason in our math which back to your acquisition question, what that means is this can be both an attachment product for us that turns into an ARPU driver and a vehicle to add some new customers, and obviously we're going to continue to figure out our marketing spend around that that math, but we think it's attractive. On HEG business apps specifically and what else we can go do business applications and the opportunity there is one of the – what we’d call low hanging fruit things that we're going to focus on in 2017 which is taking what we think is our frankly distinctive and best in class way to get a productivity suite over to the brands in Europe and that's one of the things that we're going to do both with the two leading HEG brands and the UK and Germany, and obviously, use that as an excel rant for our position in Europe. In terms of the CapEx question, I'm just going to let Ray hit that for the last one.
Scott Wagner: From a pricing strategy, on your question Mark, bundling is certainly something that the Company has done for a long time and we're going to continue to do whether it's within a category or across and pretrial of our application is again something that we've done in the past and we're going to continue to do is a way of having customers, try our product and make it super simple for everybody to try each one of our applications whether it's something for presence or e-mail or down the road for voice because we found when people try our product and use it then they're going to stay for a long, long time. So that strategy is going to remain the same from a financial and guidance perspective. There isn't anything that I would highlight about that approach that would kind of change the numbers or the trajectory that Ray was describing.
Scott Wagner: Yes, Sam, this is Scott. So, on the first one for FX, from a guidance perspective very little, we will highlight that again FX impact that shows up in bookings rolls into GAAP in the prior year. So there's a little bit of that that flow through of last year's bookings rate flowing into this year's GAAP revenue. From a customer ad perspective, I think we talked about this in the fourth quarter, also which is really in the second half of last year. We intentionally had a less quantum of customer ad growth in a couple of our big emerging international markets as we frankly focused on monetization. And as you guys know this is a balance between customer ads and ARPU that we are certainly balancing and what we want are really good customers who are trying to bring an idea to life and get a name and then activate it and use it over time and that's a balance. So we're not managing our customers to a specific quarterly number, but are going to continue to balance customer ads and ARPU growth as we build up the business. I think on your last point of business apps and some of the various marketing services. I think that's down the road in 2017 and those are specific applications and in some cases productize services that can really hang off the back of GoCentral. Those aren't necessarily dependent upon GoCentral, but they go very well. So those are the kinds of things that you're going to see us spending more time on as we continue to build up GoCentral.
Scott Wagner: So from a strategy standpoint and from a marketing standpoint, again the fundamentals of it are being a efficient and effective customer acquisition tool in vehicle, right both in the U.S. and around the world and that's going to continue. What is interesting about not just our ad, but this personification of the Internet and from a brand messaging standpoint is we know of a vehicle that we can connect GoDaddy to the broad range of experiences that our customers go through online. So when we think about TV advertising or online video and social presence, it's going to be much more in a connected way about all the variety of things that our customers do with us and that's also going to help translate into ARPU, right. So that is a shift, but a good shift from just every marketing dollar going to straight acquisition to helping support not only acquisition, but also ARPU generation and I think those are the salient points to your question.
Scott Wagner: Hey, James. Thanks. I think first just take a step back and look at international over the last four years which is we have meaningfully grown the international business and entered series of geographies both in Europe and in the emerging world and I think proven both to ourselves and everybody else that there's business to be add and that we can enter these geographies. In Europe, I think we've said this in the past; the UK is certainly our largest market. And our growth and performance there both in size market share gain accelerated growth kind of has shown us that our value proposition particularly has legs certainly in the UK, but also in Europe. Now GoDaddy traditionally on the continent hasn't spent as much time, energy, money and so our relative positions in every individual country are still relatively small. In aggregate it's a decent size, but in every single country they're still relatively small. And so what we get from HEG is certainly a market position in Germany that we can work from as well as frankly some team platform capability and scale when we talk about technology, infrastructure, care that we can use this frankly again in a platform or underlying foundation that we can go into a couple other geographies from a go-to-market standpoint and accelerate growth. And I think your other comment on ARPU acceleration, anything to call out. Nothing specifically other than – it's just the model of work in terms of good products, the products attaching and frankly our balance of customer and ARPU growth, right and bringing in customers who are going to monetize and renew. So frankly when you're looking at that ARPU acceleration, in many ways it's the model that work as a result of our acquisition decisions four quarters ago about the customers that we're bringing in and then the renewals of the products that they were initially brought in on.
Scott Wagner: Hi. It’s Scott. I think your first question is anything being diverted into Europe. Sure answer is no. So we're growing in Asia and we're going to be able to approach Europe because of the increased scale of the business that allows us to obviously then invest a little bit of that into go-to-market in the same formula that we have now. And the second, in terms of the seasonality, no it's not going to affect the seasonality of the business, again this Super Bowl, the math of this is if single-digit million dollar spend on the quantum of what we do want on a go to market, it's a small amount.
Blake Irving: Thanks, Ray. To briefly summarize what we've shared today and more excited about what the future holds for us. Double-digit organic revenue growth through a combination of customer and ARPU increases, new product and on-ramp launches in 2017 including GoCentral and smartline. The acquisition of HEG with 1.7 million new customers adding scale and international with the opportunity to extend a successful business model to Europe. A new capital structure with a very attractive interest rate and maturity profile and strong deleveraging characteristics providing the ability to use the balance sheet to drive even faster growth in free cash flow. You can see that we have an action pack year ahead and we look forward to continuing to deliver against our strategy with products, technology, care and world-class marketing. We are excited for 2017 and see a big opportunity to continue to grow the business long-term around the world. Thank you for your time. And we're ready to open the call to your questions.
Blake Irving: Yes. I think the two comments just to add in our midway through the quarter. It's good. Good results so far, steadier she goes and echo something that Ray said in his script. Remember, we have leap year which is just a little bit of a Q1 specific issue.
Blake Irving: Yes, I mentioned in the script Naved. We're targeting that three times to four times customer growth and our exit rate coming out of Q4. So that's about the right way to target this.
Blake Irving: Yes, Sterling I’ll pile on a little bit. Domains are still strongly outgrowing the industry and we believe we'll continue to do that just entered a lot of countries where we're picking up their country domain names, ccTLDs very large portfolio of TLDs in the aftermarket perform as well as that becomes more liquid as well. So I think we'll still see as a growing industry, but you did see a little bit of a slow.
Blake Irving: Yes. Sameet, it’s Blake. I’ll follow-up on the new products that launched. So look the two that I think are substantive over the last couple of quarters is number one, a managed WordPress offering that is incredibly simple to use along with a pretty amazing capability to update multiple sites in bulk for developers. Those two features that we launched in the fourth quarter of 2016 are things that are pretty darn important for us and actually service a different customer, a customer that's a little bit more advanced that once more flexibility then as just an easy DIY site and actually differentiates our Company from other folks because it gives us a full range of solutions from very, very simple DIY to a more comprehensive site building experience that allows ultimate flexibility and customizability. We rolled that out in Q4 and then followed very quickly on the heels of that in the first few weeks of 2017 with the GoCentral product, which is a mobile optimized experience for DIY site building does a great job on mobile, great job on PC's, has 1,500 verticals that it supports and we have a smart learning system that actually grows with the customer and suggests what they should do next as their lifecycle grows. So as they grow with us, we'll suggest things that they ought to be doing next. Those are the two things that the big things that we've done in the past two quarters including this quarter that we're in right now and I would say that on security, we've got some big opportunity in security. We have a great business there today. We think there's other things that we can do and I think you'll see more about that from us and hear more about that in the third quarter timeframe. I think that's probably the long and short of it.
Blake Irving: I'm just going to tag team Jason. So it’s Blake. The other thing that I think is important to note and it's not a nuance is that people want to try the tool out. And when you have a tool that is easy to use as GoCentral and allows you to use it and trial on a mobile device as well. We heard from many, many users that every solution out in the market today is too difficult for them. We optimized for incredibly simple both on mobile devices and on desktop and made sure that they had an opportunity to use the tool as an on-ramp. So they could experience it without having to commit dollars upfront which is sometimes a barrier for folks, allowing them to use it, say holy macro this thing is really great, now I'm going to attach a domain to it, I'm going to publish it, I'm going to buy a domain, I'm going to do email and do the other things that follow on afterwards. And we're seeing what we thought we were going to see, we're seeing published rates that are increasing, we're seeing the top of the funnel interests that we liked and 20% of those sites are being of new customers, let’s say it’s new customers coming into GoCentral are building the site completely on mobile.
Blake Irving: Hey, Mark. This is Blake. I’m going to pile on just for a second. I think if you think about bundling, some of the things we’ve done, I’ll just call it in product discovery, a feature is wind on in particularly with GoCentral, while somebody is building their website and it's the first thing they do, instead of getting a domain, we actually scan the contents of the domain, the business category, the user selected, the geography, where the user is and will suggest to them. Domain names that are not taken or that could be in the aftermarket that are things that they might want to do next. And that's a feature that that somebody actually needs and it's a good example of something that's in product discovery and in product marketing. That's kind of even a step further than just plain bundling allowing them to discover something at the moment they need it. And actually the feature they need exactly the right time in the right place. And we think that actually is going to be I think a very helpful, bundling tool as well.
Blake Irving: Sure. Look, we view GoCentral as just another on ramp, what domains are still – are the lion’s share of our on ramp, then we will continue to be the lion’s share of on ramp, when people globally think of a Company where they're going to go get a domain name, they think of GoDaddy. They think of it in the United States. They think of it in India. They think of it in the UK. We are becoming a share leader around the world and it’s the first thing that they think of we're over a million domains in the UK. We're number one in India in both .in and .com. So we've seen that on ramp, be a great on ramp, for some we'll continue to do so. We do think that there's a number of folks that want to try the tool out and use something before they buy a domain and frankly if they've bought a domain already they can still use GoCentral and apply it to that domain and do that without using their credit card. So we think it's another on ramp just like we think the smartline product is going to be another on-ramp as well, but domains will continue to be a strong on-ramp for us. On Asia, about a year. We are happy. Good uptake. Brand recognition is moving up as we expect it to. We're seeing a good uptick in China as well as we've surrounded China and in Hong Kong and in Singapore and in Taiwan. And frankly, what we think we're off to a nice start, but it's a small base and it's not going to be something that we think is going to be substantively huge, but look we're happy with where the Company is going and where we are right now.
Blake Irving: Yes, Brian. This is Blake. The interesting thing about GoCentral is it's built on the same platform that our WordPress work is built on. So a lot of the libraries that are being used for GoCentral today, same libraries being used for WordPress, the OpenStack infrastructure that GoCentral sits on top of the same infrastructure that our new offerings in the developer community are taking advantage of and the pieces of the product launches that I talked about in fourth quarter both in the managed WordPress community and managing multiple sites for developers. Those are built again on some of the same technology that you're seeing GoCentral out of. And some of the things you could notice in the T&D line is we're starting to get significant, through 2016 really got significant leverage out of our tech and dev because we're using common components across the product lines. So we're actually seeing good lift and I think some good use of tech across both developer or capability, managed WordPress capability for small businesses who have a little bit more advanced capability than somebody who wants to use a DIY site. I don't expect the developer community to use a DIY product that's very simple. I know that a lot of the things that we've learned in building this product will start showing up on mobile devices and our entire mobile framework for not just small businesses and consumers, but for developers and you'll see that over the course of 2017 and into 2018. There's a significant amount of leverage that we're going to get out of what we're calling basically the go framework that sits underneath the GoCentral product and the developers are going to benefit from that as well.
Blake Irving: Yes, developers internationally model pretty similarly to developers in the U.S. there's a difference between whether if you were depending on how deep you want to go. There is actually a bigger like Flex is a bigger thing than cPanel is in Europe; well cPanel dominates in the United States which is a pretty significant delta. I think there's – we don't see big differences in the characteristics, WordPress is big everywhere. I think that we're seeing most of our sign ups for our GD pro products actually coming from outside of the United States today. We think there's a big opportunity, a lot of sign ups in India in the developer community. And one of the things I would say that we know that 50% of small businesses don't have a website and of those 50% of businesses are going to build it, 50% of those businesses are going to have someone build it for them and those are the customers and that's globally those are the customers we think we have a great opportunity with attacking the developer community and creating a great platform for them.
Blake Irving: Thanks everybody. It's Blake on behalf of Scott, Ray, Marta and the entire leadership team. Thank you for attending our 2016 earnings report and we look forward to talking with you in another quarter. Thanks very much, bye now.
Ray Winborne: Yes. Let me start Naved with just the guidance that we provided you guys. First of all, we're big. I mean this Company has doubled in size in the last four years. We crossed the $2 billion mark in bookings in 2016, so growing off a lot larger base now. Second within those product line items, we've grown very quickly outpacing the industry. A simple way to think about 2017, we expect hosting and presence and the biz-apps lines to grow at roughly the Q4 exit rate. What's different in that guidance is domains. We've grown at a double-digit clip fueled by new TLDs in the aftermarket. The aftermarket is lumpy though and it's difficult to drive that same level of incremental growth over what now is $1 billion revenue stream. So we’re continuing to outpace the industry, but closer to customer growth in the mid-to-high single-digit range.
Ray Winborne: Yes, Mark let me start with the organic on GoDaddy standalone. Yes, that 12%-ish plus is what we're telegraphing to you guys? When you look forward to the $600 million unlevered free cash flow, we've been telling you that the standalone business is going to grow 20% continue to believe that and where we have strong convictions around that growing at the 20% rate, the additional tech on you're seeing there. You get an extra quarter of HEG coming in next year in 2018 as well as run rate synergies by the end of 2018 for that acquisition. So that gets you the rest of the way there.
Ray Winborne: Yes. Sameet, it’s Ray. I’ll start with the first question. We talked about what their annual bookings were when we announced the acquisition in December. It’s about $236 million growing in the high single-digits. The $130 million number we've given you guys for the guide takes into account, the conversion to U.S. GAAP. So there will be deferral or domain registrations as an example amongst multiple adjustments we’re making there as well as the partial year. We're expecting close in late April, May timeframe.
Ray Winborne: Yes, Jason for CapEx in 2017, continue to model 3.5%, 4% of revenue. So you could pencil in the $70 million number and we'll highlight for you guys as we move through the year in the integration capital that might be included.
Ray Winborne: Hey Mark, it’s Ray. I'll take the first one round HEG bookings. We disclosed in December that 2016 bookings would to be around $236 million, growing in the high single-digits. The $130 million number that we provided in the guidance is the U.S. GAAP revenues. So we've attempted to go and estimate the purchase accounting as well as the conversion to GAAP, primary difference being deferral of registrations, domain registrations and then also obviously taking the haircut for timing between April and May. And then as you saw with GoDaddy, when it was taken private. You will also see purchase accounting applied where you get a haircut at the acquisition. So all those factors are going into reduce that number you might expect to see off bookings. 
Ray Winborne: Now I think it's exactly what you think about it. It's just a much larger entity in itself and given the weight of domains in there in is that slowing. That's the result you're getting there.
