Scott Wagner: Yes. Sure, Mark. First and foremost, the rollout and the logic around it, is having a fantastic global, high-performant infrastructure that we can use for our applications and experience. Boy, we are in the early days and this is going to be a multiyear journey and so really no meaningful commentary to speak of in terms of the economic rollout. It’s super early and we are just starting that transition, both for us using the AWS infrastructure and for some of the GoDaddy products to hopefully get deployed into the Amazon experience as well.
Scott Wagner: Growth is nice across EMEA. And again part of the opportunity for us is to take what’s a pretty large footprint in the UK and then build off HEG’s – niche brands in Germany and be able to accelerate really the GoDaddy footprint across Continental Europe. And so in addition to the cross-sell and retention efforts that you described really we are working on, first, a global product portfolio; second, a consistent care model into EMEA and then, third, what’s going to be more and more presence across the continent in terms of go-to-market that hopefully over time will show up and it’s going to be focused against the GoDaddy brand. We are happy with where we are.
Scott Wagner: Thanks, Sam. I am smiling with your question. I think that page in the market landscape has gotten a lot of attention from a lot of different parties. I think in any specifics, I’d actually like to go back and highlight really the things that are underway on a couple of levels. One is the combination of GoCentral and extending GoCentral, which is making a ton of great progress around a DIY website building platform, but then the promise of integrating it to social media both on a DIY basis and now in combination with Main Street Hub, just those two things coming together are something that I am incredibly excited about that and I think we will deliver differentiated value frankly in the world. And maybe a category that doesn’t get as much attention, but is something that we have talked about a bit in the past is security. Obviously, that’s a topic across technology broadly. And one of the nice things GoDaddy has always done is had some security services, primarily in SSL around protecting websites, well, over the last, really, 1.5 years, we have leaned into security both – not only site backup, restore, but also malware scans through our acquisition of Sucuri. And those products are doing really well against particularly our existing base. And I think the nice thing about that product is that, that’s a focus on doing more with our customers over time and again helping do more with customers that are already in our portfolio. Turning to your aftermarket question, why was the aftermarket strong in Q1, I will let Ray answer that one.
Scott Wagner: That’s right. I’d add on that nothing special, just again continued evolution of our strategy to help customers get great names, whether they are new names that are unclaimed or facilitating transactions around names that are already held.
Scott Wagner: And on marketing, I think for the next couple of quarters, you should think about marketing at a similar percent of revenue as the last quarter. But remember, everybody, we don’t look at marketing necessarily as a percent of revenue, we look at it as a return on a lifetime value. And at the Analyst Day, we showed the 5-year difference in our unit economics, where approximately 5 years ago, the average customer was worth about $500 and we were bringing customers into the franchise at $50. Well, flash forward to today when the average customer’s worth $700 and we are bringing people into the franchise at about $65 to $70. We have accreted a hell of a lot of value to our franchise on our unit economics. And from a marketing standpoint, we’re not only using marketing as a way of initiating conversations with new customers, but we’re also doing more, again, what we call more conversational marketing, which is ramping up both our spend against our base. Because with our richer product portfolio, more touch points in a logical way, there’s opportunity to do more with our existing customers as well. And that’s going to be an increasing focus of our marketing effort that we’re going to continue to measure, still look out on a highly perform and return basis, but it’s new activity that really builds on a lot of our successes over the last 5 years.
Scott Wagner: I think the success continues to reflect our differentiated value proposition around productivity both Office 365 and GoDaddy’s Workspace product and boy that continues to be a big need in the world that we are satisfying. And although the numbers are getting really, really large, we are growing nicely, that’s still the big driver of our business applications growth.
Scott Wagner: Yes, and you gave the throwaway on IndyCar. I mean, actually, relative to our totality of go-to-market spend, the dollars are not big. And I think what we are happy about is, here in the U.S., Danica Patrick is going off and pursuing her next act on several of her ideas, and we have been able to help her and help message that and it totally fits on brand with an entrepreneur and a terrific businesswoman going off to do something, her next wave of ideas and we are helping her do that.
Scott Wagner: Hey, Jase. Yes, it’s Scott. So first, on the U.S. accelerating growth and sustainability into 2019, we’re happy with the momentum of the business right now. Boy, if you asked us to look ahead, I think our guidance around low double-digit rates on an organic basis is still the way to think about it. But obviously, the momentum of the business is ticking along nicely. But I think, if you were asking about 2019, the growth rates that we laid out at Investor Day are kind of the goalposts that we’d still put out there for everybody. Related to Weebly, I think I’d answer that as we’re really happy with how GoCentral and the capabilities have evolved, particularly over the last 18 months. And when we think about a website connecting both to social media and to other applications, which is really what online success is all about, I’d say that, that’s something that we are happy with our value proposition today. And even more importantly, we are leaning in to building a truly differentiated position on those levels going forward. And so regardless of other options, it’s a fragmented space. Many people can win and we are just focused on doing things that are highly valued to customers and distinctive for them. And if it does it will workout well for us over time.
Scott Wagner: Hey, Mark, it’s Scott. In terms of net adds I think the big conclusion for everybody is that our messaging and product capability around presence and online success is continuing to capture our leadership position in just a pure domains on-ramp and we are both finding some amount of new customers that again in the totality of the millions of new customers we get every year is still a small percentage of our customer base, but it’s a contribution. And so again the nice thing is the product is complementary to our core domains business, which kind of makes sense, because presence and names are inextricably linked. In terms of the contribution to the business and the trajectory, it was a whole bunch of drivers of strength and really it wouldn’t be appropriate to highlight any one particular thing. It’s market footprint and attachment around a couple of different products, of which GoCentral is one, but it’s really the totality of the business system.
Scott Wagner: Yes. Hey, Brent, boy, remember – and I think we called this out in the release, the 11% doesn’t have the HEG customers in it and when you normalize for the HEG end customers, which is sort of the pure ARPU number, it’s 6%. So, the 6% number on ARPU is really the true apples-to-apples one, which we are happy with, but is really kind of the trend level and trajectory that we have been running at for a long time.
Scott Wagner: Yes. I think we are continuing to maximize the – what we have called the attachment model, which kind of you see today, if you go on to GoDaddy and look in or experience us, it will be one product leading to another. I think the promise of what we are starting to build-out our solution-based experiences that will bring in name, presence, e-mail together in one solution deployed against a vertical. Those are things that we are – we have engineering and product people working on those experiences, but you are really not going to see things certainly show up in the business results or the P&L in 2018, but we have teams working on those kinds of experiences that again are all focused around solutions not for independent products, but really a totality of a bundle that will get people either up and running online or gosh, if you have had an online presence that’s 10 years old and you need to make it over in a mobile social world, doing so in one clear value proposition. So, punch line is we got teams working on it, you might see elements of it over the next several quarters, but again those won’t be things that are going to totally show up in the P&L this year.
Scott Wagner: Yes, absolutely. We have got a growing and mutually beneficial partnership with Square. We will absolutely work with Square. We are partnered with them. We are partnered with Stripe. All around the world, we work with other merchant processors. Back to the value proposition, we think a lot of our customers are early in their lifecycle are 17.5 million customers that we are focused on having applications around online presence. Boy, if you are a payment provider, we are a hell of a platform and ecosystem in which to operate. And so people like Square who are downstream from us we will continue to work with them and over time keep adding value to our service and work with Square and a whole bunch of other people who are in categories like payments that connect to our platform and ecosystem.
Scott Wagner: Hey, Sameet, thanks. So on Main Street Hub, the promise and the strategy is to wrap their capability around social media listings management, reputation management and combine it with GoDaddy’s capabilities around websites and really deliver this promise and value proposition of a complete online presence, but we are in the very early days of putting teams together and integrating operations. And so we are excited about the promise. We think the Main Street Hub team is terrific. And we are thrilled and excited going forward, but its super early days. So there is nothing really of substance to share with everybody. It’s more focused on, boy, hit the ground running once we close on July 1.
Scott Wagner: Yes. Thanks, Ron. Yes, it’s several elements that we use the platform, which is certainly a broad and encompassing word. But first and foremost, it’s both our data infrastructure, piping and then analytic ability, both from sophisticated machine learning models around behavior and connectivity of what customers are experiencing. And again, remember, 17.5 million customers, right, all over the world, that’s a fairly sophisticated data infrastructure. And then you start to get to just the interconnectivity of both our touch points like our website or communication modalities, whether it be e-mail or text or care, which is really our martech stack and our individual product applications and really the connectivity of those via APIs and operating as a system. And so if you think about the data layer, not only from an engineering standpoint, but also the analytics on top of it, we have built real capability there, not just to have data but turning into actually actionable insights. And then products that have APIs connected together with a whole martech stack that works together allows you to actually say, boy, one single purpose of an event that is a recommendation for a customer is what we are capable of doing today and that’s one of the things, like you said it excites me and it excites us to be able to do that.
Scott Wagner: Yes, this is – I think it’s capabilities that have been built particularly over the last, I would say 18 months. And at Investor Day, we shared some of the logic around, gosh, how are we actually then going to talk to existing customers and it’s starting to show up. And marketing spend, it’s still a small percentage of both marketing dollars and spend. But like everything, we are going to test, return, we have return thresholds around activity or spending levels and those are happening real time. And we will continue to go into the roadmaps for 2019 and beyond.
Scott Wagner: And from a quantum of marketing dollars, if you think about that this is still small, right, single-digit percentages of our marketing spend, but like everything we do, we are going to start – we will start small, get a value proposition and build from there and ramp.
Scott Wagner: I will add on international outside of HEG. International continues to grow nicely. I mean, I think Ray mentioned it earlier it’s the high-teens. On organic growth rate, we are looking at high-teens annual growth rate percentages and it’s broad-based across geographies.
Scott Wagner: Alright. Hey, thanks everybody. Thanks for joining us today and we will see and talk to everybody next quarter.
Ray Winborne: Hi, Matt, it’s Ray. I will start and I will let Scott come over the top if he has got anything to add. We have been very pleased with the results that we have had out of HEG. And actually, it’s GoDaddy EMEA. We are running those together now. So, the merchandising and marketing and operations are all being run as one unit. The growth rates have been as expected there and we are continuing to make great progress on the integration. And then lastly, these synergies that we had projected are being delivered. So overall, very pleased with the results there. I don’t know if, Scott, you want to add anything around customers, but...
Ray Winborne: Hi, Sam, it’s Ray. Nothing in particular around the aftermarket, as we highlighted at the Investor Day, we are continuing to build on that product and seeing just good solid momentum, little bit of a softer comp for the first quarter. And as we have told you guys in the past, right, this is more of a transactional business in nature, so it can be a little bit lumpy. We don’t expect this site same contribution the rest of the year, but we do see domains continuing to grow at a double-digit rate in 2018 and back to our longer term guidance of 1x customer growth as we look longer term.
Ray Winborne: Hey, Lloyd, it’s Ray. I will take a shot at this and Scott can come over the top. But our focus right now was just continuing to finish the swing on bringing HEG all the way into the fold. And then obviously we have got Main Street Hub lined up for the back half of the year and when we look at M&A obviously, I think we have got the financial capacity there and we have also got the operational capacity. You saw an announcement today where we are bringing Betsy Rafael into the management team to help us on the scale there. So, it’s going to add another quiver. Operationally, we have got a business system that enables the integration. Our products are APIable. We have got a global tech platform that’s capable of scale. And with the leverage that you mentioned, we should be at a point by the end of this year where we can do either product tuck-ins or larger acquisitions like HEG. As far as use of capital, that’s going to be the primary strategy, but obviously, you have seen us do share repurchases. We did a 7 million share repurchase last year alongside a secondary and that is another option for us.
Ray Winborne: Hey, Mark, it’s Ray. I will start with the international and Scott will pickup the marketing question. Organic growth in international bounced back as we anticipated. It’s in the high-teens. FX was relatively neutral, very small positive impact there. So we have seen exactly what we were expecting as a return to growth there, because as I mentioned to you on the last call, that business has been growing in the mid-teens. So, we saw a little bit of a pickup, so happy about the progress we are making there.
Ray Winborne: Hey, Sterling, it’s Ray. No, I think you should think about that comment as second quarter through fourth quarter, right, taking out the noise of the first quarter. So we are seeing double-digit growth there. Just want to help you guys as far as the modeling.
Ray Winborne: There is not a significant amount of FX built into that. Again, stepping back with a fun fact, there is a significant piece of our international revenue in bookings that are U.S. dollar currency. And we also put in hedges on our bookings. So, it mutes the impact of FX pretty significantly.
Ray Winborne: Sterling, the only thing I’d tag on there is my point in the commentary that World Hosting Days is also in that line item. It’s a seasonal event that HEG holds.
Ray Winborne: Brian, so the trend is absolutely following exactly what you have been seeing, right. We have been pretty explicit on the revenue growth and we haven’t generally been guiding on bookings, but you should expect that growth rate on bookings to continue to be pretty strong there, but to tick lower than the revenue growth throughout the rest of 2018. Beyond the HEG purchasing accounting impact, there is really no one driver. I think if you look at a lot of the customer experience initiatives we are putting in place, they are having some potential short-term impact on bookings growth, but for the longer term growth health of the business, these are the right things to be putting in place, so continued strong growth right in that organic range that we were looking at.
Ray Winborne: No, Brian, but I don’t think there is anything to point out from a seasonality standpoint on operating leverage. We are continuing to get good leverage out of several line items in the P&L. And yes, as far as the marketing dollars, it’s insignificant in the size spend that we have got on an annual basis.
Ray Winborne: Hey, Sameet, it’s Ray. On SmartLine, the value prop for that product is still there, right. Our customers want something to solve that pain point they have got in their businesses and ventures. Is it where we want it to be? No. The customers that are using it today are using it more and more, but we have still got work to do as far as the customer on-boarding experience as well as the performance of the app to get it to a place where we are really happy with a full launch. It’s still basically a beta launch scenario at this point, but still had a lot of optimism about the product and where it fits into the product suite.
Ray Winborne: You have heard Andrew say this, Ron, at the Investor Day. This is something that’s very difficult, right. You are taking a move that we have been using for a long time to broadcast at all customers and really trying just to get this down to customers in smaller, smaller groups in the hundreds instead of millions.
Ray Winborne: I will take the first question, it’s Ray, on Main Street. Yes, $10 million a quarter is what we have baked in for revenue. And as we mentioned when we announced the acquisition, it’s slightly dilutive to cash flow and that’s all built into the guidance that we gave you guys. I don’t think you should be expecting any dramatic synergies, either on the top or the bottom line for Main Street Hub in ‘18. This is going to be something Scott talked about putting together a more wholesome offering for presence with this product set from Main Street over the next year, 1.5 years.
Ray Winborne: Hi, Aaron, it’s Ray. I will take that. The gross margin ticked up a bit this quarter. HEG is a big piece of it, where it’s just a historically higher margin business. They contributed a large portion of the incremental revenue lift this quarter. And then beyond that, it’s just a continued shift in product mix away from domains in the core business. And as I have mentioned on previous calls, I would continue you guys – continue to encourage you to model that in the mid-60s range plus or minus just to give us that flexibility around gross margin from a product perspective and whether we build by partner or whether we do different pricing strategies, what we are trying to drive are gross margin dollars. We are not as focused on percentage and we want to drive the most out of the business that we can get there. On stock-based comp, we manage equity issuance based on annual grant value and we have been targeting a relatively modest burn of 2% to 3% of dilution. Over the past few years, obviously, we have been adding to the workforce. You have seen those grant values go up. And you have also seen dilution remain very low relative to the growth in the market capital, so happy with where that is. The expense is just an outcome of the growth of the grants that we have been making.
