John Plant: Thanks, PT, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to this morning's call. I plan to give an overview of Howmet's third quarter performance. Tolga will speak to segment information, and then Ken will provide further financial detail. Lastly, I will return to talk to the outlook for the fourth quarter and 2020 financial year. Please move to Slide #4. The third quarter performance was good and in line with expectations, including strong cash generation. Revenue in the quarter was $1.1 billion, down 37% year-over-year, and was impacted by commercial aerospace being down 56% driven by customer inventory corrections. We continue to expect that this is the low point for Howmet revenues while anticipating there could be some lingering inventory corrections that could carry over into the fourth quarter and possibly the first half of 2021. Commercial transportation was down year-over-year, but we had healthy sequential growth to 42%, which flavored the impacts the forged wheels and commercial transportation fastening segment. Moreover, we had growth in defense aerospace and in the industrial gas turbine business year-over-year. The mix of our portfolio has changed with approximately 40% of Q3 revenue being tied to commercial aerospace. Operating income excluding Special items was $100 million and this includes the buyout of an unfavorable long-term contract, which costs $8 million. This hopefully should be the last of the cleanup items over the last year. Segment decremental margins including the contract termination were 37% year-over-year. I had indicated on the Q2 call that the third quarter was likely to be more decremented than the second quarter and reflects that we chose not to take out costs for one quarter and risk not having the people assets in place meet what we expect to be an uptick in future demand. For example, early in the third quarter, we completed all of the people reductions in our wheel segment and I've since pull people back on furlough, I have begun recruitment in certain countries as you bring production assets back online, both of our forgings and machining lines. Structural cost reductions will continue within each of the aerospace segments to the end of 2020 and in the first quarter in Europe. Third quarter reflects further structural cost takeout of $56 million making year-to-date cost takeout of $137 million, which is ahead of target. This structural cost takeout is in addition to the flexing of variable costs, which we expect by the end of first quarter 2021 should be at a perfect flex. Further to this price increases of $14 million were achieved in the third quarter compared to $9 million in the second quarter. Year-to-date price increases are $28 million. I am pleased that all of the 2020 long-term contract negotiations are now completed and price negotiations are well underway for the 2021 long-term agreements. Now let's move to the balance sheet and cash flow. Adjusted free cash flow in the third quarter was very good at $188 million before further reductions in the accounts receivable securitization program and cash flow was $143 million after the reduction in the AR program. The $45 million of the accounts securitization reduction was effectively repayment of debt. Cash severance payments in the quarter were $14 million. The third quarter cash balance increased to $1.4 billion after the $51 million of common stock share repurchases, which were at an average price of $17.36. Our peak operational cash requirements are approximately $300 million, which results in excess cash in hand of well over $1 billion. Net debt to EBITDA is approximately 3.2 times and our revolver of $1 billion continues to be undrawn. So let us move to Slide 5. All plants are running with employee and partner safety being a top priority. We're actively monitoring employee health risks and all programs meet or exceed local standards. To best serve our customers we're effectively managing daily adjustments or customer inventory corrections and shutdowns. Regarding cost out, most of the North American permanent personnel reductions have been completed and are ahead of targets. Therefore, we will be raising our 2020 permanent cost outlook. We also continue to flex variable spend and labor effectively with revenue. Our strict and disciplined capital expenditure process has been effective. And we will once again be reducing our annual capital expenditure outlook. Lastly, we're focused on working capital, but expect it to be use of cash in 2020, as we have reduced our AR securitization program by approximately $95 million year-to-date. Moreover, we have stranded inventory, which we expect to be a source of cash in 2021. Now, let me turn it over to Tolga.
John Plant: Thanks, Ken. Now let me discuss the outlook for the remainder of 2020. We are improving the outlook and narrowing the ranges, the improvement strengthened the sales, increases EBITDA, increases EBITDA margins and less the earnings per share compared to the prior outlook. Revenues in the fourth quarter are expected to be $1.23 billion plus or minus $30 million and price increases are expected to continue. EBITDA are in the fourth quarter is expected to be approximately $255 million plus or minus $15 million. We are once again increasing our annual permanent cost at target to $185 million from $150 million. These are savings realized in the year. Our fourth quarter EBITDA margin is now increased to 20% to 21% from the prior midpoint of 20%. I think this may be the most significant item of our call this morning beyond the good cash generation. Annual earnings per share improves to a range of $0.68 to $0.76. Cash generation in the quarters from separation Q2 to Q4 is strong and unchanged at $450 million plus or minus $50 million despite the third quarter incremental reduction in AR securitization of $45 million. Year-end cash is expected to increase once again to approximately $1.5 billion. The event cash balance includes $95 million of annual reduction in AR securitization and $51 million of common stock repurchases at the average price of $17.36. Approximately $300 million of share purchase authority remains under prior announced Board authorization. Fourth quarter net debt of approximately $3.6 billion, which is an improvement post-separation, which was started out at $3.8 billion. As we move into 2021, you plan to use cash on hand to repay the outstanding 2021 bond maturities. During these uncertain times, we focused on the areas, which we control, including price, variable cost flexing, structural cost reductions, CapEx reductions, and free cash flow. While being prudent with our cash to opportunistically, we pay down debt and we purchased shares. Moreover, a diverse portfolio less than 50% of revenue tied to commercial aerospace is delivering strong results while we wait for commercial aerospace to recover. Let’s move to Slide 17. To summarize, our third quarter was delivered in line or better than the implied outlook. Cost and price leverage has been deployed. We have healthy and improving liquidity with positive cash flows in this COVID environment. The fourth quarter outlook improved regarding revenues, margins and profitability with earnings per share guidance raised. Now let me turn it over to take your questions.
John Plant: Okay. First of all, we’ve discussed this with Pratt, but when you reflect on the situation in the industry, we work with companies already that have their own casting capabilities. So for example, GE, Roll-Royce, Safran, all have casting foundries. And so that in itself is nothing new to us. And when we look at Pratt & Whitney, in fact, they had their own casting capability until they exited in 2016. So we have a pattern and a history of working with our customers in this environment. So it’s – I would say it’s nothing new for us. We do feel confident in our position as a innovation and technology leader, especially in the hot section of the engine. And indeed, we produce some very specialized plates, which quite extraordinary capabilities for the JSF, which is a fighter jet engine. And if I comment a little bit further, so that you can understand some of the – I’ll say depths in our capabilities. We do go to the extent of building our own furnaces. We have proprietary – core preparation, waxing, and casting processes and measuring and controlling the temperature gradient starting off with an average of 300 degrees Fahrenheit higher than the casting temperatures or maximum casting temperatures of our competitors. So well, one of the things we do is by keeping all of that production equipment in-house and really not – really speaking about how and why we do it in any technical detail, enables us to keep, I think the technology edge, and in particular, the scale that we had with it and the know-how capability. And I think as you know, we’ve been in this business now in the 50 or 60 years. So I think we have all three levels of casting capabilities and all of the sub-processes, and to replicate that – which Howmet has. We probably take in the region of towards $10 billion of capital plus or minus. So I always absolutely expect everything that our customers do. And probably more importantly, we have a competitive environment already with other competitors. Currently, we are the market leader by probably 1.5 times, but I think it comes down to those very unique capabilities that we have and the experience of working very collaboratively with our customers to do the most extraordinary applications, where they already have in-house capabilities. And so this would mark Pratt & Whitney returning to being a having in-house capability alongside GE Aviation, Rolls-Royce and Safran. So hopefully, that covers it up for you.
John Plant: Okay. I don’t think it was much to add to the Pratt & Whitney conversation. We do have a long-term agreement covering menus in place. So I think that’s the good in all of this. So unless anything else, I’ll move on to how we see the balance of year and into 2021 for us. We did call out the third quarter in a previous earnings call in early August that we felt that it would be the low. We felt that it would be the most severely impacted by inventory reduction to that customers. And as you know, we operate both the first tier place directly with Boeing and Airbus. And also a second tier place, in terms of some of the engine parts that we supply to the engine manufacturers. And so you get an increased inventory effect as you go through another tier in the supply chain. And that’s what we felt back in August and try to indicate before also calling out back then that we felt as though the majority of the severity of the inventory reduction. We would try to accommodate and work with our customers to accommodate you sooner rather than later, rather than have it drag out in a long tail. And we are clear that – we’re not completely through this, it’s going to continue and we’ll have an impact into the fourth quarter and in some areas into the early part of 2021. And that’s taking to accounts, the plan increase in Airbus narrow-body sales. We are not taking that into account at this point. But we do feel that revenues will improve in the fourth quarter. And that gives us the platform that we always sought to really get 2021 framed as best as we could. And maybe talk at amplify that point, we set out back in the depths of the as quick tug of war back in the second quarter, where we didn’t know very much. But our target was to move quickly and to address the problems that we saw coming from the commercial aerospace markets. And target that we would ambitiously try to achieve the exit rate EBITDA margin in that 20% area. We indicated that, clearly, feel confident enough now that we increased the midpoint of that fourth quarter guidance a little bit, and feel solid around that. And that was really to try to give the best view we could as the exit rate, which obviously helps when we view 2021 profitability. Albeit, today we’re not guiding at all, either for revenues or margins for 2021, that really is fourth quarter call at the end of January, early February. So we are confident that the third quarter, it was low. We do see revenues in the fourth quarter, increasing – and increasing not just in commercial transportation, which is self-evident, but also in commercial aerospace for us, part of it is the – just the natural rebound from the in-vitro takeout in Q4. I mean, where we go from here? And there’s so many things that we need to think about for 2021. And you look out a year from now, clearly, you’ll know a lot more three months from now, whether it’s this morning’s vaccine news or whether it’s our narrow bodies, as strong as we see has max been completely recertified around the world and what’s the build rate and build rate going into 2022. And it was the inventory bill to accommodate all of that. So there are so many factors, but I say, maybe I’ve spoken too long enough, but it’s really is comprehensive. The third quarter is still low. And we are going to see that defense strength continue in IGT strength into the fourth quarter rebound in commercial aerospace sales, and commercial transportation currently with the wind behind its back in terms of volumes from our customers for commercial trucking and trade manufacturer.
John Plant: I’m not going to go beyond the fourth quarter at this point. I don’t feel as though, I know enough to really give clarity publicly about the quarter sequential production through next year. I think we need a little bit more knowledge. I’m hoping that the production of Boeing begins to increase next year for the narrow-body, not expecting anything from wide-body. And we await confirmation as the Airbus situation in terms of solidification of that in production schedules, which Airbus did announce their increased up almost 20% in narrow-body production in the halfway through next year. So I feel good that we see an improvement in the fourth quarter mapping out 2021 and what happened in each quarter is just a bridge too far for us at this point.
John Plant: So maybe, if I start at a top level to say, why we see working capital recorded differently is to be used this year. And then I'm going to hand across to Tolga to talk a little bit about dropped inventory, what we have this year and then into next year. So let's do in that sequence. And let's say I cover the two points, which is, why used this year and then the pension side. And pass-across to Tolga. So, the use essentially is that AR securitization paid out. It goes through – its fixed working capital and it goes through that line on the cash flow statements. If you exempted the AR of 95 million, then there would be a working capital inflow for the year. So it's a function of the accounting around the securitization. One thing David that I've always felt a little bit uncomfortable about this, we had this off-balance sheet financing which was a carryover from Alcoa. The 2016 separation, a carryover from the Arconic separation, carried that securitization into – which is always been the main curve and wanted to gradually work that down, which is effectively just working down of our net debt of the company and feel that's a good thing to do. And it also improves the interest carrying cost of the company, so that's the principle reason around it. And if you were to do that, you'll see AR improving AP under good control and our inventory is being reduced. So the normal definition of working capital would be in good shape, and it's just a function of this AR securitization paid out, which goes to the working capital line. I will comment on pension and pass across to Tolga. So pension, at the moment, we do see that – the thought basically is that 2021 will be lower. And then 2020 in terms of pension contributions, we'll give you a more exact number on that at the time we announce our fourth quarter results, say early Feb. Tolga, if I could ask you to comment on dropped inventory, both through our Engine and Fastener segments and also the move into 2021.
John Plant: Okay. Thank you. Well, first of all, let me comment on 2020, it's not complete. And you saw the third quarter comparative to the second quarter, the solidification and completion of those – there was a grievance for 2020, so all done. Regarding 2021, the several LTA is involved as always as you know they are different customers, different years, different products, as they all separate. The dialogue as you know covers price, share, share of unique technology programs and, also terms and conditions. I'm pleased with progress so far on 2021. There are a couple of major ones within 2021. And basically I'm going to say to you that everything that we are seeing is going to be consistent with what I've said before, that 2021 will be on the same volume basis a bigger year for us than 2020. This of course plays well into – as you go into 2022 and 2023 when hopefully commercial aerospace volumes get to show increases and hopefully significant increases. And so those increases – price increase do get applied to the higher volume sales. If I look at the current status for 2021, we're currently about 60% complete. So we're probably a little bit earlier than normal in engaging this item through. I expect that will continue to fill-in over the next few months. But the important thing is 60% of what 2021 is now not complete upside. And in 2023 – 2022, I don't believe that will be as bigger year as 2021, but there's not much color I'm able to give you yet on 2022 and 2023 apart from we still see ourselves in the positive side.
John Plant: Okay. When we exited 2019, our share was – the airfoil market was around about 49% plus or minus 0.5% or 1%. Next largest competitor was, it went around 32%, 33%, so it was about 50% greater than next largest competitor. So at an RMS basis, that’s on market share basis, we’re 1.5 times. If you break it down, then our market shares would be higher at the first few blades in the turbine. So we'd be at the hot or super hot end of the – at the turbine where our market shares would be excited. So the purpose of this call in excess of 60% in that area and more. And depending upon the application could be as much as a 100%. So, that gives you some idea of the market share – relative market share and topology within the engine.
John Plant: Okay. First of all, clearly, wheels is a benefit to us as we move Q3 into Q4. That is not the sole reason for the improvement in the EBITDA margin guide. We're also seeing a benefit in saying that commercial aerospace business. So it's really in all aspects of the business. There's nothing which is currently lagging in our plans or any of the implementation as the cost flexing, no structural cost takeout. So it's across the board. But clearly within that, when I look at and the strengths of the wheels businesses is coming through. And I'm hopeful that our EBITDA as we go – we start up in 2021. We'll be getting close, or if not as good as the 2019 margin rate, even though we know we will not see some revenues in 2021 as good as 2019. In the last earnings call, I did state that we saw revenues in that business, getting back to the 2019 levels in 2022. But I think we are looking forward to margins getting there back to the year earlier than that, given the structural cost takeouts and cost flexing. And basically improved in cost base that we have. 
John Plant: First of all, let me backup and give Tolga bit of thinking time on the Fastener side where – but the exit of the – what we talked about the unprofitable contract, we haven't called out the segment of particular interest. It wasn't fasteners. We're in, I think largely good shape. There's always things you can do to try to look at certain things which are below the performance. But basically this was the agent of something which was loss making and needed to be dealt with to, I didn't want to carry that problem going forward. But maybe as a broader comment on fasteners probably if you'd like to see – where we see basically apart from one or two areas we are fairly good shape.
John Plant: I suspect the benefit, I mean slightly better volumes than we'd anticipated. So we – so the revenue increase. So that it's not just the wheel. So it's a little bit better there. But that could also be done to conservative assumptions that we tend to do to roll with. I think the cost takeout that you’ve see both on the structural side about cost takeout, do you see that improve that'd be better. And then, probably even more important to create a bigger number than the structural cost takeout is our variable cost takeout, which we've never called out the absolute dollars, because I think reached the relevance about is the percentage and are you getting close to what we call the perfect flex. And we see ourselves flexing our cost base a little bit better, well, across all the areas, but in particular where the [indiscernible] commercial aerospace business. That flexing of the cost base has been at higher order than with – again plan for – again, partly because we tend to plan conservatively and then see if we can exceed it. So that's where it's at. I'm not saying that there is any increase in aircraft build or anything like that, that's not the case, but it could be in the fourth quarter more of the assumptions that we made. But at this point, we feel confident about the revenue lift that we've talked about and the cost takeout, and therefore, the improvement in the EBITDA margins that we've called out, because for us that's all about the platform we enter 2021 with.
John Plant: Yes. I mean I'm not able to comment on predecessor management stance toward it. I originate from an industry which is called the, you know what I mean, which is probably more used to price deflation and the attempted commoditization of the input products for vehicle assembly. But even in there, when I always looked at it very closely, getting immersed in the technical capabilities and performance differentiation of the products, so, even there, for example, I don't believe the steering wheel on a vehicle is all steering wheels are equal. They're very different in terms of capabilities, cosmetics and quality delivered. So it really is trying to really understand the performance differentiation of the product. I'd like to believe that Howmet provides that not only in product quality and technology, but also in delivery performance and consistency with our customers. And I've always tried to work collaboratively with our customers to maximize the value for both of us. And so inherently, I've not thought of the aerospace parts marketing quite the same way as the vehicle parts market. I don't believe inherently that it is in a consistent price deflation or anything like that. I think there is product capabilities that most of the parts that are produced in aerospace are technological wonders in their own rights and achieve a level of safety and performance for the traveling public, which is quite extraordinary. And so, my hats off to everybody in the industry, but the second tier level and first tier level are obviously the plane manufacture themselves. But within that, I do think – I don't believe this is just any correction of the past. If there is a correction, it's just – we have cleaned up one or two contracts, which were, let's say, inappropriate item that's – and I tried to indicate that on an earlier comment on the call that I think we're now beyond that in dealing with such things, and that's why I called out the $8 million in the quarter in the normal operating results not as a special item. And then I just think it’s consistent application of those technical characteristics. So we're never resting, if you look at the some of the developments that we're making within our portfolio, both in terms of parts for radar or parts for engines, we are trying to advance them all the time, and I did try to call out in the descriptors of those things, which we truly tried to protect even to the extent of not buying a lot of the machine tools outside. So, that knowledge can't leak out into the wider market place. And so, when you go to that level of assets of making your own equipment, because it gives you that technical, I'd say, capabilities which we think is extraordinary, I think that does give you the ability to look at price and also the – I'd say the value produced at the scale with which we do that and I often think people underestimate scale within such things about the economics of production and also the methodology, which you can create the scale. So it's a long way of saying, I think the attitudinal stance is different. At the same time, I do recognize that there are parts that we are able to improve the economics on the parts that we do concede price to our customers. So, it's always a range and a good negotiation is always important that we had in place of equanimity where everybody is feeling good and the shares are settled and the prices are settled and then we move on for several years. And in the ground, we've just been implementing we're at further five years on the majority of our parts going forward. So that's again a good condition to be in. I've not commented about the adjustment for any percentage increases, I think that's not appropriate, neither I commented on shares [indiscernible] apart from, we are in the right zone that we thought we'd be in and I think – and everybody from ourselves and our customers were at a place of – in a good zone.
