John Plant: Thanks P.T. and welcome everybody to the Q3 earnings call. The results for the third quarter were solid in all respects and exceeded the guidance given in August, which itself was a further increase on that provided in May and February. Sales of $1.658 billion, increase of 16% year-over-year. EBITDA was $382 million, an increase of 18%. EBITDA margin increased to a headline rate of 23%. Margin rate improvements reflect the continuing good work in all segments. I would like to note fasteners with not a sequential quarterly improvement of 230 basis points and additionally, the structure segment had a 320 basis points recovery from the Q2 rate. Howmet's year-over-year revenue increase flowed through to incremental EBITDA margin at a rate of 28%, which was in line with the guidance. Operating income increased by 22% year-over-year and operating income margin was 19%. Continued topline growth and healthy margins generated an earnings per share increase of 28%. Free cash flow was healthy at $132 million and help drive shareholder-friendly actions including gross debt retirement of $200 million share buyback of $25 million. Lastly, we also announced a 25% increase in the dividend on top of last year's 50% increase. Having provided this top-level summary, I'll pass the call to Ken to provide further details of revenue by end market and the results by business segments.
John Plant: Thanks, Ken. So let's move to slide 12 and talk about the outlook for the next quarter and year-end. So first of all regarding commercial aerospace, airline load factors continued to show improvement in resilience. Factory improvement for international travel notably in Asia also continues to increase. Domestic airline activity continues to be above 2019 levels in the Western countries. Given these load factors and the continued restriction of aircraft builds, the fleet of existing aircraft are having to work much harder. This is leading to robustness in the engine spares market which is further increased by the fact that the deployment in recent years of new engine technologies which are currently operating with increased replacement parts due to lower time on wing. You look worried about this and you can be assured that Howmet is playing its path and supporting both the technology upgrades and the high-pressure turbine and through providing additional service parts. This will continue over the next two to three years and probably beyond. Moving on commercial aerospace to the defense market. This market is also showing strength with the start of the gradual buildup of engine spares over the next two to three years to support the F-35 program for which the fleet now stands at 975 aircraft and growing. These increases more than offset the continued lockhead inventory correction in our structures business. Other markets of IGT and oil and gas continue to be very healthy. In commercial truck and trailer builds and order intake continued to be good despite the lower freight rates and increased price of diesel fuel. We continue to be cautious though as we look forward until we see several months of data for new 2024 orders, which the order books have only been opened for a month. The initial month was good. But we also know that orders can be canceled depending upon how the broader economy moves in recent months. In aggregate, we see limited risk of aircraft demand from both the commercial aircraft market and defense markets. The two markets aggregate to approximately 65% of our revenue and that moves up to 80% excluding the commercial transportation business. Beyond the fundamental demand from airlines, clearly we rely upon aircraft manufacturers being able to produce and build up the stated and scheduled quality of aircraft, particularly narrow-body aircraft. Looking forward into 2024, we envisage growth to be in the 7% range plus or minus a percentage point. The headline sales number for 2024 is likely to be approximately $7 billion. This will be further refined when we see the achieved Q4 build rates from Boeing and Airbus with the confirmed plans going into 2024. All of this will be provided in further detail in February, along with the assumed build rates. Our standard is normally one of caution. Moving specifically to the fourth quarter of 2023. We see revenue about $1.635 billion plus or minus $15 million, EBITDA $375 million plus or minus $5 million, earnings per share at $0.45 plus or minus $0.01. Regarding the full year 2023, revenues increased by about $100 million from $6.44 billion to $6.54 billion plus or minus $15 million. EBITDA has increased by a further $40 million to $1.485 billion plus or minus $5 million. Earnings per share has increased by $0.07 to $1.77 plus or minus $0.01. Free cash flow is at $635 million plus or minus $35 million. In summary, we see strong performance with healthy liquidity and an increased guide for the remainder of the year. We consider the year-to-date progress to be very good, despite the continued choppy build conditions in commercial aerospace. We are comforted by the fact that any build misses by aircraft manufacturers who have moved into backlog, given the very strong underlying demand for travel and in particular the absolute requirements for fuel efficient engines and fuel efficient aircraft with an overarching mandate of reduced carbon emissions. Our full year guide of $1.77 earnings per share is an increase of 26% year-over-year. This builds on the 2022 versus 2021 increase of 39%. Currently in 2023, we repurchased $376 million of debt and brought back $150 million of common stock. Our net leverage has further improved in Q3 and is heading towards approximately two times net debt to EBITDA by year-end. All of the debt actions help accomplish our goal of reduced interest rate burden in both 2023 and also going into 2024 with further improved cash flow yield, despite the increase generally of interest rates. Thanks everybody. And now let's move to your questions.
John Plant: Okay. I guess that's the big one Kristine. So let me just talk generally about the 7%, first of all. Within that, assumption is a mid-teens assumed increase in commercial aero. And more like single-digit increases in industrial, things like AGT oil and gas and general and other, while an assumed high single-digit decrease in commercial transportation. So basically, in our client solid defense solid general industrial markets healthy increase in commercial aerospace that reduced by a high single-digit assumption on commercial or transportation. That's roughly now applying. I'm going to say, we see assumed build rates in let's say forecasting agencies. For the most part, we can see that they're going to increase both wide-body and body fractional increase in mix next year. At the moment, specifically, for Boeing 737 is what you assumed. You asked a question about our assumption is that it's somewhere between the mid-30s and 40 somewhere in that region. We don't want to pit it specifically at this point, you can assume that's within the range plus or minus I gave. It's really important that we see Boeing achieved the rate 38, which we know is going to be prior to now it hasn't really happened that doesn't seem to be happening just yet, but we know it's going to be very soon. But we're not yet ready to believe and input into our guidance even though we can supply a rate 42 should Boeing be in a position to build at that rate.
John Plant: We've been working at pension liabilities for several years now and we've indeed taken over the last five years from where we started several billion out of that net liability of gross liabilities rather and we've always been focused on taking ROS and net debt together. Otherwise, you just leave yourself open to interest rate risk and mortality risk and we've managed it down now to I think about $750 million for pension and healthcare certainly in that region. And so it's now, let's say tiny traction of our market cap and therefore essentially is not relevant. At the same time, while I've noted one of the company maybe a couple have continued in prioritizing this. I'm not yet at that point willing to consider that. It's not that, it's off the table because I think it would be something which would be useful to do. But at the same time, I think at this current time there's other better uses of our cash and also I'm not willing to leverage to enable that to occur. So essentially, we are aware of it. We continue to work at our plans. I can see us potentially picking off one or two and do partial initiation either within a plant or in a total of a plan but you shouldn't expect to see that liability extend. We wish to not to pay the premiums to insurance companies to enable that at this point in time. I think that may come over the next say three to five years at some point but not yet. And the assumption we have for next year is that the cash contributions will be a little bit higher than this year but at this point not material.
John Plant: I'm going to comment on the working capital first, and then let Ken amplify and then Ken can totally deal with the pension side. And the reason why, I want to talk about the working capital because it's also tied up with the specific operations and status of they have met different business units are. So first of all, in terms of working capital I mean AR or account receivable and accounts payable they just move on the days assumption. So, if revenue goes up David, as it has then clearly, we have more dollars tied up in receivables than we had but that's a good answer, because it's whatever day it is and I don't know, if we've ever disclosed it we can back engineer it. But our days are pretty constant. And so because revenue went up a few more dollars went on, but the days in receivables exactly the same payment payables. The big wildcard on what gap is always inventory. And so far inventory is still elevated more elevated than I would like but just because our flight [ph] hasn't been taken up where it should be at this point in time. So it moves with the, I will say status within each business of where we are operationally and in terms of start from let's say, volume recovery. So if you take our Wheels segment, which was the first division to show volume increase manning and then moving through towards stability and now smoothness of production. Our days of inventory are in really good shape. And indeed, I believe we're at close to low-class level. If I look at our engine business, which is our second division out of the gate in terms of building of revenue, increasing manning and that's continuing to increase. We have gradually been smoothing out production albeit, we're not in the same level yet, as we are in Wheels. And so what we see is gradual improvements in efficiency of our inventory holding days is on hand. And I think that will continuing to improve again in the fourth quarter and into next year. So I'm pleased, with the trajectory but we're not yet at where we need to be on our engine business. In terms of fasteners and structures those are very different points. Fasteners has been later in the cycle in terms of volume pickup. As you know, we've been recruiting this year building it up. And you've seen first of all the margin begin to respond to that and also mix and production efficiency. And also you've seen a little bit of a calming of recruitment, in that business in the last few months ultimate still in that we say recruitment mode and replacement mode for employees, but trying to improve efficiency. Where the moment the date on hand is well out of order in terms of, where it needs to be and is not yet improving at all, but we'll begin to improve I believe as we go through 2024. In the case of Structures, that's probably our worst business in terms of days on hand. And if you remember last quarter, wasn't particularly a great quarter in terms of the throughput of the business. And so, I elaborate -- business not to focus on inventory, but just to use inventory as the buffer to help stabilize the manufacturing operations, and therefore, improve the margin, which is what you saw occur in the 300 basis points improvement in the structures business. At this point, I don't think it goes anywhere at all in the fourth quarter. And that's a combination of still needs to stabilize its operations. But also at the moment I see customers laying in additional demand particularly laying in additional urgent demand on the titanium side. I'm not yet prepared to add heads, nor working capital in inventory, nor input materials until I'm satisfied with the economics to pay those premium costs. And so if anything I'm going to hold back on that because I've got better places to deploy capital, which is what I told you last quarter and generally in the business of analysts is that I'm very disciplined on where we allocate capital. And so at the moment, I'm not trying to drive working capital particularly in that business, but that will come next year as that business begins to smooth out and improve its production and gain more responsiveness in terms of I'll say people paying for the premiums or if they want the demand and drop in then they pay for it. Otherwise they don't get it. It's that simple. So that deals with working capital be it can't preemptively, David and I'll pass to Ken.
John Plant: Okay. I don't think we've given the third quarter detail on the commercial side. I think that would be in our 10-Q later when we file it, whilst I'd say that it's in good order and in line with what we previously said both for the quarter for the year. And I stand behind my comments regarding 2024 we made them on the last call. 787 at the moment we're a little bit below rate and fully expecting that to move up to grade seven next year. And as I've commented before we see very strong underlying demand for that aircraft. And I can see the need to go above rate seven as well. It's only a question of when.
John Plant: Well, I think, it's a bit premature to get back there because I mean the conditions there and the wide-body market in particular is quite different to what they are now. So basically in the first quarter, which is probably a low points in base margins reflected essentially a total metallic build of aircraft and you can call it zero in terms of any real volume on the composite side. So that's one factor. Of course that's begun to change. The business itself has also begun to improve. And I see very much improved signs of operating efficiency improvements, but with a ways to go. I see additional discipline in the business commercially and there's still a ways to go. And going forward into next year what I see is a volume increase for commercial aircraft production also fractional improvement in mix because of the wide-body going to next year in particular in your assumptions on what the final wide-body production will be in composite aircraft essentially on wide-body transitioning from metal to composite aircraft through the course of the year. Hopefully with some delivery of 777X parts as well which has got a composite wing. And so I'll say general improvement in conditions for the business, but still with a big thrust on improving its productivity and throughput efficiency which needs to occur. So, basically, some ways to go yes optimism will continue good trend over the last couple of quarters but too soon to call out any specifics on it. And I don't think we have a guide by segment anyway. But I haven't guided or have that margin for next year just given you like the revenue increases. So that gives you a picture of our business.
John Plant: Well essentially the play on forged wheels for aluminum is that you start off with what's the big picture in terms of truck and trailer production essentially in North America and Europe, albeit we do play in some of the Asian markets so it's a significant share position as well. And then you factor in basically some -- so whatever percentage change that is in a new factor in as a positive against what I think will be a worse macro position next year. There'll be some penetration achieved against steel wheels particularly as fuel efficiency requirements that step up, a fractional contribution but nothing in a great node in terms of adoption of different I'll say powertrain hinting out there is move towards electrification or whatever but no big moves next year but that's a positive venture as well. And the manufactural share improvement on top of that. So, basically we see secular growth in the segment offsetting some macro decline in the assumed markets and that's why I guided as commented an idea about high single-digit reduction for the business is our assumption trying to be fairly cautious at this point in time until we've got a better read on what's the general economy going to do although I did see freight rates begin to stabilize and improve recently. So, there's a lot of factors yet to bring to bear in terms of what the final outlook for next year is I want to take a fairly cautious assumption. This year I don't really commented -- a more difficult second half as it is we've still been able to burn off backlog. And let's say even despite today we have -- is it Mac truck which is subject to the UAW strike. Our arrears are such that that's not going to affect us in the fourth quarter. And our assumption is that by Q1 next year by another couple of months at UAW dispute the Mac truck will be resolved and therefore they'll be back. So that's about it really. It's been pretty strong this year. I give you the general is into next year.
John Plant: Yes. I'll start off with having to separate two issues I think on the GTF, because I think while it gets all and mashed together, I see them as quite separate and then the catalysts intertwining for convenience. So this contamination issue clearly that requires inspection that might take, I don't know, so many days, let's call it, 20, 30, 40 days or an off wing to achieve that inspection. And then, I guess longer if those risks turn out they required to be replaced or not. And I guess it is a small fraction of those that will require to be replaced. That's one item or separate item. Over, let's say, previously incentive field but I'll call it, left field there is the discussion about the time on wing issues that have been publicized by everybody regarding the GTF we're particularly in harsh climate countries or pollution countries the time working is a fraction of the predecessor engine and also what we originally thought for the GTF. So, the question then becomes for the problems around the combustor the filling of holes the higher temperature and then those temperatures and pollutants hitting the two blades in the high-pressure turbine those clearly require replacement. And the question is, what is the replacement interval for them? And so that stands alone as an issue. Pratt & Whitney will determine what frequency they want to replace those blades, again, more of a question for perhaps than for myself. We're able to stand behind them and supply what needs to be supplied within degrees. The question is, what's the requirement? Then, of course, you can intertwine them together. So maybe where those engines are off wing for the powder metal contamination issue maybe the opportunity will be taken to replace some of those high-pressure turbine laser and other components on the engine or maybe it won't. That's a practice issue. And the question I have in my mind is, do they go for full replacements for them as they really look at inspect and take the engines off the wing for the first time or do they stick them back on just because the lines will want the engines back on wing and only seek to replace those in harsh climates at that time. And so maybe that's the more of the while I read from MTU of the 300 days turnaround time. So I just don't know Ron, but it will finally turn out to be, because it's a choice by ratio [ph] or Pratt & Whitney to determine to what extent do they make improvements for the time on wing issue including the high-pressure turbine parts as they take those into serve. So why it's written about us almost one issue of power of metal, I think there are two distinct issues which may come together but just depending upon the pressure to get those engines back on wing and we are still in discussions with Pratt & Whitney regarding all of that. And they determined how many of our parts go to OE production and how many go to the spares market. And that's up to them and the aircraft manufacturers to decide that.
John Plant: I mean, I think Boeing in particular I have had firm plans throughout the year, it's been the realization of those plants, which has been more of the issues. And I guess it's from a combination of reasons, there's always going to be somewhere in the supply chain amongst all the parts of difficulties. There's always going to be the degree of experience in Boeing on plants with all of the change of people in and out or out and in regarding post-COVID. And then of course, we read in the press about the difficulties of, I'd say was it strike at Spirit Aerospace and then some other production issues of some failed parts and holes and all the rest of it. And yet there seems to have been some management change there, which may proved to be positive because that's a TBD. And hopefully, I guess, you listen carefully to the commentary from Spirit yesterday. We're optimistic that those fuselage and other component problems to get resolved it's not sitting in our control. But should those begin to improve, I think, that's a major step forward in Boeing realizing its own plans for production rate increases and also getting behind it the retrofit of those sales, which were subject to pass those only or holes billed too big and bigger fasteners. So I think they're hoping Herculean efforts to try to achieve all of that. But as you know circulate events by themselves don't sort of produce the output, and we've still got to see that improve. So, hopefully, during October, November, December, we'll begin to see rate pick up, it's spirit other suppliers and then obviously, boring itself to get to their required or stated rate four to next year. In terms of then on the engine side, you've read commentary or I think anyone, I've seen was the GE commentary instead of let's say 1,700 engine 1,600 engines, isn't really impactful for us at this point in time? Because for us it's just us meeting their rate requirements and then there's a choice as I said rather than the previous question, what goes to OE compared to what goes to search requirements. We're dealing with very robust demand on both sides. We see that demand increasing again next year plus some blended in changes potentially for the technology change yet to come.
John Plant: Generally forgings and castings have been a bit of a whipping below for a couple of years. With commentary I think maybe even before, it was any basis for it albeit, subsequently I think there has been a basis for a commentary where to replace the skill levels to produce some of these in particular the casting is really at a very high order. So the trade the recruitment and then trading lines to produce effective production workers in some of this certainly strain. I think all of the companies in that regard including Howmet. We did choose to start recruitment a bit earlier. And I know that I've cost the company probably 20 basis points of margin by being slightly ahead of the curve -- recruitment. But at the same time I think has paid dividends for us and the fact that we've been in a vision to produce generally on time, at rate and generally good quality. So I think it's been a good trade-off for us. I want to correct you on the structural casting side we're probably the number two in the market behind precision cast parts, but they are still, the big dog on the block in terms of production of structural castings. We do produce them and we're at a good rate for let's say, 98% of all of our structural castings. I mean early on we had a few moments things like fairings and is like shelling pieces and coming off at good rates and no cost [Ph] or whatsoever. And so should there be increased demand for structural castings obviously where we tool and if not the availabilities that to us for the next few years should engine manufacturers want to is that we're in a position to supply because we still have some available capacity and indeed are willing to invest commensurate with it being a good return of capital. And generally I've been quite positive about investing in our engine business and contrasting that to -- the our structures business is based upon returns. So it's one way of saying we're in a good state, restructure casting we are the significant supply to the industry on turbine blades. And I hope that gives you enough nuggets.
John Plant: Pricing has been positive for us. And I think it reflects the value that we bring. When I look at some of the requirements for the increased temperature performance in the, let's say, narrow-body engines. We are bringing to bear some of the not all, but some of the technologies that we've deployed for the F-35 engine in terms of ability to manage both pressure thermal performance in the high-pressure turbine. And we're able to produce parts. We obviously work with the customers to engine into specification. But if they're specified at 2,500 degrees and operate higher we can take it higher because as you know for the F-35 we're up at 3,500 degrees and indeed the only company that well that can provide the turbine parts with that performance in that environment. We've already commented previously that we are working on the improvements for the currently 2028 upgrade to that engine to improve its thrust and time and air. And so again, we are able to take the temperature performance of those parts and elevate it further. And we've talked a little bit, but only a little bit in our Technology Day about some of the technologies that we'd be able to deploy for that. And so we're in a position to bring a degree of performance and capability at scale, which I think needs to reflect in value because in truth the turbine blade is a pretty small part of the value of the engine and to achieve the requirements for let's say lower carbon footprint continually taking up the pressure inside the engine to improve the optimization that you have fuel and therefore its burn characteristics for lower dilution and the whole say fuel efficiencies and carbon footprint presents great value to the industry.
John Plant: Yes. I mean, we were able to step up the last quarter to 19% operating profit and 23% EBITDA rate. I don't have any commentary regarding margin rates for next year. What I still see at the moment is potentially, I don't know this, but potentially a few more months of choppy production particularly on the free manufacturing side, it's just an assumption. Maybe we get lucky towards the second half of next year or the back end of next year and we see things get smooth out, we have seen some things begin to move in our favor and smooth that as I commented on the inventory side, we also think about our engine business. But in terms of -- at what point do we reach what I previously have referred to the state of Grace where things move out margins become stable and better and cash just use that as the industry and hopefully out of Howmet. I've always said that's a year away and I still think you see year away could be the back end of '24, but more likely getting to '25 and that hopefully combines with if the '25 external debuts of what the aircraft production will be including its wide-body mix then that begins to get I'd say into a good state. So, I have generally medium to long-term optimism and feel we are in a really great place with great backlog and good things to come, albeit still having to face up to shorter-term challenges of all the things we've talked about in terms of broad rate changes and the assumptions change in many parts of the market, in particular the commercial aerospace part of the market. I think it's a better best I can give.
