John Plant: Thanks, PT, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our Q2 call. Howmet's second quarter was another strong quarter and witnessed the continuing recovery in commercial aerospace, which was up 34% year-on-year and 7% sequentially. Total revenue was $1.393 billion and was up 17% year-on-year and 5% sequentially, which was at the top end of our guidance range. Revenue increased in each business segment, both year-over-year and sequentially. Similarly, Howmet's Q2 EBITDA grew year-over-year and sequentially to $316 million, including net headcount additions of approximately 740 employees. Moreover, we are particularly pleased with the continuing healthy EBITDA margin performance of 22.8%, which is also at the high end of guidance. Inflationary costs were either recovered from customers or offset with efficiency improvements. Finally, earnings per share was strong at $0.35, an increase of 59% year-over-year. Moving to the balance sheet and cash flow. Free cash flow was a positive $114 million in the quarter, including an inventory build of approximately $105 million, primarily to accommodate the commercial aerospace recovery. Free cash flow was positive for the first half, and we expect to have positive free cash flow in both Q3 and Q4. The cash balance at the end of Q2 increased to $538 million, including common stock repurchases of $60 million and bond repurchases of $60 million. Share and bond repurchases were with cash on hand and continue to reduce share count and interest expense drag and hence improved free cash flow yield. Legacy pension and OPEB liabilities are trending favorably with a net liability improvement of 60 million year-to-date. Associated cash contributions are down 65% in the first half compared to last year. Lastly, net leverage improved to three times and is expected to accelerate by year-end to move towards 2.5 times EBITDA. Segment details will be covered by Ken. However, I would like to note the small continuing EBITDA margin increase in our engines business and an improvement in structures. This was commendable of structures in the light of both the inventory burn down of F-35 and the continuing low to zero build of the Boeing 787. Now over to Ken.
John Plant: Well, certainly, it is a tough balance at the moment. And so far, we have tried to invest in adding people and training to get ready for the production increases. And as you have seen from the last quarter, continued to do so in preparing for the second half. But as I noted in my comments, the backlog is pretty choppy. We saw in May, the 737 production halted for maybe 10-days or so, then maybe 20 Airbuses cut from the second half, and now next year, maybe a delay in the ramp of the A320 to, as you say, 2024. So we find ourselves constantly having to readdress the, I will say, the slope of the recovery, albeit you have seen we have been pretty consistent in how we have been able to deliver against that backlog and hope to do so in the future. I still think it is important to consider the fundamental premise of where we are, which is we are in a period of recovery, particularly for commercial aerospace. And defense is solid and hopefully improving for us. And then we have seen the recent buoyancy in the oil and gas sector plus the anticipated recovery, although I did say it, more muted in commercial trucks. So what we are continually doing is balancing between how we see the addition of, in particular, headcount. It is not really affecting our fundamental capital expenditure plans at this point, given we have capacity, latent capacity from previous investments. But we adjust and trying not to get too far ahead but trying to be in-line for our requirements to customers. When I think about one of the fundamental questions in the sector, which is the availability of castings and forgings, which you didn't mention but implied in your question was that point. Again, if you think back to the investments we made in two new engine plants in the 2019 period, then that has largely solved or if not completely solved the issue, which was very significant and present in 2017, 2018 and 2019, which was the capacity available for airfoil castings. And I think one thing we have heard and increasingly heard is that the focus is more on availability of structural castings rather than turbine airfoil castings. And so we have been able to step up to that. At the same time, as I have tried to say on previous calls, we have tens of thousands of parts. Inevitably, we are tight on a few and that would apply to also a few structural casting parts. But nothing that we are aware of that is fundamentally holding engine production or delivery of engines to an airframe manufacturer. So we are trying to balance, be ahead of it, again investing in people, equipment, training to be ready. But I recognize that we do keep readdressing that labor intake as we see our customers' plans do change and then the anticipated slope of recovery. But importantly, we have broadened it out one stage further is that we are clear that 2023 is going to be another growth year for Howmet and we look forward to that. And I will give more, I will say, guide on that towards the end of the year, if not in the early next year. But essentially, what we are playing for is the angle of the increase, not the fundamental principle. Hope that covers it, Kristine.
John Plant: Yes. I mean, I think the major influence on it has been the fact we have kicked up our assumptions regarding the inflationary costs. And we said, just for the metals element alone, if you remember, we started out at the beginning of the year and calling it somewhere, I think, in the region of 100 million to 150 million. And now we are saying, I just said on the remarks is that we see north of 200 million now, and so significant inflation element. And then that is ignoring, of course, the inflationary elements of utilities, I mean, natural gas in Europe in particular, where I think all of us are familiar with the energy crisis in Europe and the pricing points that energy has reached. And so there is a lot to play for in terms of recovery of that or offsetting it. And as you know, if we cover dollar-for-dollar, which is where we believe we are, is that, that has a dampening effect on margin. And the more we kick up those inflation assumptions, then you see that, Noah. So fundamentally, I believe that if we were to adjust for that, you will see growth of margin year-on-year. But again, that is like saying let's change the assumptions, I choose not to. I think the important thing is we are holding our margin rate through quite extraordinary times of inflationary pressures and also the choppiness that I referred to in answering to Kristine's question. And really, I think that delivery of consistent margins is really important. And we, I will say, quietly are fairly pleased with it.
John Plant: We added 20 million to revenue for the fourth quarter. I chose not to provide a guide for 2023 at this point because we are still in the process of order acquisition. And also even acquisition and completion of contracts with customers, then the next part is to balance out the inventory against new titanium supplies as that is on stream. So again, we are trying to get a more accurate picture of what inventory is held at customers as they bank security stocks from, say, VSMPO. And so we have got to assess that. And when we provide you with a 2023 number. And if I gave you one today, I wouldn't feel confident in doing so.
John Plant: No. I mean, the important thing is the fact that we are gaining orders. We are well in the game. And clearly, it will be more than that in 2023, but just want to get all of that sorted before we - and clearly, it is more of a discussion to for the end of the year, early next year.
John Plant: Okay. So let me get the latter part first while it is fresh in my mind. It is several OEMs, both engine manufacturers and also an airframe manufacturer. So even though, let's say, European sanctions are not placed upon VSMPO. There, not surprisingly, Airbus choosing to secure a long-term source and security and so we have begun to book orders with them. We are still working elsewhere with other manufacturers, and so still a lot to play for. And it is also, I'm going to call it, urgency of completion is also influenced by the inventories in the system. So I think that disposes of the titanium commentary. In terms of spot, I did say the spot would be a feature - more of a feature in the second half. It is always difficult to call it by the fact it is spot, not on LTA. We are seeing some spot business that is available and coming to us and we have and secured some of it. And some of it is already going in because of long lead times, particularly of metal availability into 2023 as metal lead times go out. And I see those going out nine-months, 12-months. And therefore, for some input orders, it is getting towards 12-months already. In terms of, say, the pinch point in the industry, there is very little that can be done in the short term because, for example, on structural castings, it is all about the tooling and the assets that go with it. And so really, there is limited ability to cross over on those sort of areas. And we have got our hands full just dealing with the orders that we have currently for ourselves. At the same time, I do believe that over the next two or three years, that there will be opportunities to further balance that supply. I think that covers all the points you raised, I think, Gautam.
John Plant: We would certainly like that to occur. I mean, you have seen some small improvements in metals and the most notable of which has been aluminum. So as that price has come down, say, peaked at about $4,500 a ton, including Midwest premiums in the U.S. and has probably fallen closer to, let's say, 3,100, 3,150 at the moment. So a significant move down, albeit still significantly above where it started at less than $2,000 a ton 18-months ago. Assuming it stays there and of course, none of us know exactly what is going to happen, but if it stays there, then certainly, when our price resets occur on the first of January, then if it stays where it is, then you will see, for example, our Wheels business gain margin expansion as those prices are reset. And if it comes down across the board elsewhere, where again, it is fairly small at this point, then there would be some other tailwinds to margin as well. But we haven't really called those out on the way up. And so I doubt I will call them on the way down. The most significant has been the aluminum move which is impacted, as Ken talked about, in our Wheels business by over 400 basis points from where we started. And clearly, to go down the other side of that would be very welcome. And so that would impact Howmet overall and you begin to see margin benefit if metals stay where they are or continue to further improve, which we obviously we are hoping for but we don't know if it is a future event.
John Plant: Yes. I don't think we have been in normal times for Class 8 truck in either the U.S. or Europe and have certainly the last 18-months. And therefore, I'm going to say and I think I would like to believe that this time, it is different. So we don't see the same cyclicality and, of course, that might ring hollow because we don't know. But my view is that the availability of trucks has been so restricted for so long and there is fundamental demand for fleets. And despite low order intake because people have just given up putting orders into the system. But when those order books open for 2023 in September, that we are going to see a significant spike in orders from the larger fleets, where demand is clearly there because of the aging of the fleet and also to improve fuel efficiency with, say, regulations, which are particularly onerous in Europe. So my thought is that the supply chain problems, while they are easing, so a lot of the trucks that have been built called red tags with not a complete part set, have been clear to some degree, there are still significant shortages across a range of commodities, which are restricting build in the second half of this year. We have trimmed -- inside our guidance, we have trimmed our assumption by 5,000 or 10,000 trucks in North America as an example for this year because of a more conservative assumption regarding parts availability. It does mean, I think, that we will see the same sort of percentage increase I talked about before between 2022 and 2023. And given the fact that I don't -- even if we are going to build more next year, or is going to build more next year and will supply more wheels, there won't be the opportunity, again because of parts availability, to draw forward truck build out of 2024 when people try -- have historically try to build and buy ahead of the emissions changes that are coming. So my thought is that those emission changes will occur in 2024. Trucks will be built in the relevant calendar year and maybe even that people are interested in taking the improved fuel emissions from the trucks anyway. So I'm hoping that what we are going to see is an improvement in overall revenues in our Wheels business in 2023 and stability and maybe even improvement into 2024 as well. And that is despite the coming macroeconomic backlog of rising interest rates to fundamentally deplete supply and demand -- the supply situation that we have had, which has been extreme. So it is a long way of saying, I feel inherently optimistic about it, albeit I have calmed down the -- a little bit of the assumptions in 2022.
John Plant: Yes. So for us, defense is a little bit seasonal, given the relatively large aftermarket component within it. And that is why it gives some confidence to second half solidity. At the same time, talking about the F-35 as a single item, which is about 35%, 40% of our defense sales, then we have been incurring the - I will say, destocking by our customer in the first half and that will continue in the second half. So the whole of this year, we are clear that we are under-supplying Lockheed's build of aircraft. And we do note they have cut that build assumption from 156 down to, I would say, 147, 149 or something as an assumption for this year and next. And therefore, again, it places a little bit more of a burden upon us for inventory takeout, which again, may fall over into the early part of next year. But the fundamental picture is one where our supply situation in 2023, we expect, will be better and improved compared to 2022. And again, what we are playing for is the angle of recovery just as I would commented about commercial aerospace earlier. So again, I just want to keep that big picture in mind the revenue increases and we are just debating the angle at this point in time.
John Plant: I'm going to say sequentially, this quarter was fairly minimal as a quarter-on-quarter, but I'm going to look to Ken in a second to cover that. I don't think we have broken down the 200 million between segment. But it is sufficient to say that the majority of that 200 million relates to aluminum. And I'm going to look to Ken to see whether he has that level of detail, George, to be able to respond to you. So if you could just hold for a second.
John Plant: I'm going to say aftermarket, we generally don't call the numbers out, but aftermarket was a small improvement in the first half. We are expecting a bigger improvement in the second half. But you can assume the first half was within a single-digit percentage of what we were supplying in the second half of last year, George. But expecting bigger things to achieve, what we believe will be a 30% plus year-on-year improvement in the spares business for us.
John Plant: Yes. The inflation and certainly, materials inflation is not the biggest part of it. It is present, of course, across, let's say, titanium and some steel and aluminum for sure, but it is not the biggest part of it. When I stand back and say, is our Fasteners segment underperforming? So it is always a good question to ask yourself. I don't believe so. There are two significant factors which are going on, which go to that margin. One is the reduced build of composite aircraft and so if you look in the sequential margins of the business when 787 was basically taken down to, I will say, one to zero, then I think as we have explained before, the effect of a composite aircraft replacing a metallic aircraft is of significant value accretion for us. And therefore, we always look forward to that. And that is why we were looking forward to the 777X and the composite wings there, albeit obviously, that is pushed a little bit now. But essentially, if you think about mix because of 787, which hopefully, certainly as we turn the year because even though, let's say, I think Boeing will begin to deliver from inventory, and I think they may begin to build at a little bit higher rate in the second half, I don't know. But a lot of that build is going to come from inventory. And there are multiple tiers because of the distributed, I will say, supply base around the world of many of the components and trying to get an accurate picture of all that inventory is difficult. So that is why we have taken the assumption of 787 down to the 15 for the year from the 25. And therefore, that mix effect will continue to weigh on our Fastener business in the second half. And then the second thing is we have taken on a significant amount of people in our Fastener business during the last quarter, preparing for volume improvements as we go forward. And we did see volume pick up in Q2, and we are planning for further volume increases in Q3 and Q4, which basically is embedded in our guidance because we have also, as you see, lifted revenue guidance, the rate of client continues. So when you look at it, you shouldn't look at it compared to whether we beat consensus or beat guide or not, but you need to look at a more consistent track through the last year of consistent quarter-on-quarter, like we put on 100 million in like Q3 of last year, then a slight pause and another 100 million in Q1. Then we have just guided you to like another 100 million sort of average improvement. So it is coming and we are recruiting. And so when you combine both the recruitment costs that we have incurred in Fasteners in Q2, plus that mix effect, that really goes to the heart of the margin issues or not an issue, but the margin change. And then clearly, as those employees become more productive, and it is also going to be influenced by a rate of continued hiring as we prepare for next year, but I'm hoping that begins to improve because of the denominator will get bigger of the employee base. And then as 787 begins to start getting built in the first part of next year, then I do see things beginning to improve for that segment.
John Plant: What I would do is to guide you to what we have said by way of approaching 2.5 times net leverage by the end of the year. So you can reverse-engineer it from the cash flow that we have given you and an assumption around any balanced capital allocation between other than maybe reverse or the dividend increase, which I wanted to note, and that shows confidence in our cash flows and I think it is an important thing to do for our shareholders. At the same time, we will also be addressing hopefully some improvement in our debt structure and also hopefully, some continued, say, buyback of stock. But you mustn't assume it is all of one or anything. It is a balanced approach in that second half and you can get it is the -- whatever assumption you make in terms of whatever approaching 2.5 times is, so clearly better than three times. And I'm hopeful that, that will also reflect into the credit ratings of the company and also an approach which the - I will say, our shareholders are also pleased with that as well.
John Plant: Just picking up on your theme is that post separation, we went into the, I will say, COVID pandemic, but within times quarters, we would restored our margins. We have been consistent in performance and cash flow all the way since then. And as you have seen, putting the balance sheet in really great shape approaching eventually probably more of our target leverage, around that two times or better. So everything is progressing very satisfactorily. We are open to considering any M&A moves. But I always say it is more in that bolt-on scale, which we can deal within a quarter or so of cash flow and so no immediate thoughts to doing that. It is got a high hurdle to overcome, which is, does it provide a good return on capital for any such investment. Can we gain not only cost synergy but revenue synergy? And therefore, does it go with the strategic intent of the company? We have aimed it more, if we said if we are going to do it, it is probably more likely in our Engine or our Fastener business rather than elsewhere. But at the same time, again, trying to try and be disciplined about it all, but nothing that immediately would pass any hurdles compared to the relative risk-free I will say, action of buying our own stock back, which we obviously know well, feel confident in and have been consistent in buying back really almost every quarter over the last couple of years but only probably pause for a quarter or so in 2020 just after the, I will say, the onslaught of the pandemic.
John Plant: Yes. I mean, I will deal with our own inventory first before I comment on anything to do with our customer inventories. And we built a couple of hundred million of inventory in the first half. And we have tried to aim the majority of that towards finished goods. But not exclusively but a lot of it towards finished goods or certainly very advanced stage of work in progress, so that we can and have tried to keep pace and be able to satisfy our customers and have that ability to deliver our stock to meet their needs. And we are only tight in one or two places. Now having put that what I call the stock for hopefully improved supply security in the face of the lift in the demand is that I doubt we will try to replicate that again in the second half. There may be some but nothing at the scale of the first half, and trying to plan a steady level of production throughput improvements from the hiring we have done as we exit this year into 2023. And obviously, we will make those judgments exactly how much inventory we will carry into next year according to what the final shape of the increase in revenues for next year is. So I think all good on that front. So more of, it is less of a build and more of a pause but maybe some selective improvements in inventory in the second half. In terms of our customer inventory, it is difficult to really comment. I said 787, despite meaning we could assume that there will be build of aircraft in the second half. And I have a feeling that maybe you may see a higher increase in build than we thought because it may prove to be a good way of supplying those 787s into clearly, the airline demand, which is there, compared to the inventory we have. But we don't know that. And we have just said there is clearly inventory in the pipeline. There is inventory around, whether it is subsuppliers in Europe or in Japan or elsewhere in the world or in the U.S. And so let's be relatively safe. And therefore, we chose to take down our view of 787 for the second half, given the fact that it has been delayed from last year to Q1 to Q2. But all seems to be set well now. And as I have said in previous calls, the aircraft is a great aircraft. There is clearly demand and need for it there. International travel is coming back. And so I think that plus I have read that Airbus are considering even looking at possibly improving their wide-body rates as we go into next year beyond more than they have already signaled in Skyline. So I have some optimism, but really choose to say the improvement particularly for wide-body will be more of a 2023 feature and also for our commercial truck business. So I think that puts it out, Mike.
