John Plant: Thanks PT and welcome everyone to the 2023 year-end results call. If you move to slide four, please. And I'll start off by saying Howmet's fourth quarter results were indeed very strong. Revenue, EBITDA, EBITDA margin, and earnings per share all met or exceeded the high end of guidance. More importantly, we continue to outgrow each of our respective markets. Specifically, revenue was $1.73 billion, an increase of 14% year-over-year, and with commercial aerospace up 22%. EBITDA was $398 million, which was an increase of 18% year-on-year, while EBITDA margin was in line with Q3 at a solid 23%. Second half EBITDA margin was 30 basis points greater than the full year average, and Q4 earnings per share increased by a significant 39%. For the full year, revenue was up 17%, driven by commercial aerospace up 24%, and EBITDA was up 18%. Earnings per share continued to improve annually and was a record $1.84 per share, which is an increase of 31% year-over-year. Moving to the balance sheet and free cash flow. Free cash flow was a record and above the high end of guidance at $682 million. And in the fourth quarter, Howmet continued with its balanced capital allocation strategy by buying back another $100 million of common stock and repaying another $100 million of debt as part of its reduction of the 2024 bonds. Moreover, we refinanced the $400 million of the 2024 bonds at a reduced interest rate. The combination of these actions further reduces annualized interest expense by $10 million going into 2024. This goes towards continued improvement in free cash flow yield and improved earnings per share. Lastly, net leverage improved to a record 2.1 times, which was in line with expectations. Each segment contributed with Engine Products and Forged Wheels delivering record profits. We were pleased with the pickup in faster margins to adjust in excess of 22% EBITDA margin. Ken's going to detail all of this in his commentary. Having completed a strong 2023, the majority of my comments today will focus on the outlook for 2024 and will be covered in the guidance section after covering the historical results. We look forward to a healthy 2024. And now over to Ken.
John Plant: Yeah. We've noted that our engine customers have been raising prices into the MRO shops significantly. We don't have that opportunity, Doug, in the short-term. In that our long-term agreements provide for price stability during the duration of those agreements. However, when we get to the long-term agreement renewal, with the sophistication of the analysis we introduced a few years ago, we now split all of the parts into volume and variety and looking at the different trends within that and also when parts go to, let's call it, past model and become service only, but also noting the increased service demand for even current parts. And so at that time, we do differentiate between the increased pricing that we expect to receive at the LTA renewal and certainly look at the service requirements and the pricing and you can expect that as we renew those agreements, and I don't generally comment about when those agreements are renewed, but you can expect to see increased pricing associated with the service parts.
John Plant: No, I don't think you can say that we're going to price per se on an individual service part. But what you can expect is that we will be moving on price once again in 2024. And you'll see when we issue our 10-K, which I believe is this evening, you'll see that trend continued in Q4. So, I expect to see continued positive contributions from pricing as we go forward. And you'll see that '23 was a healthy year and '24 should be an equally healthy year.
John Plant: Okay. So, we received demand signals from two principal sources. One is from, of course, the aircraft manufacturers for our structural products and then on a different sequencing, the demand signals from the engine manufacturers. If you look at 2023, we saw Boeing schedules increase to rate 38. And so, we were in a position and we're able to support them in that rate 38. We were cautious when they were talking about going up to 42, which as you saw was delayed and now that's not going to be the case. Our thoughts around 2024 is that this is going to continue to be choppy. And as the back class, it's not necessarily the stop start that we've experienced in quite the same degree as the last couple of years. But we're also prepared that maybe Boeing will not be building at rate 38 because indeed we don't believe that they have built at that rate, and we've seen various assumptions of what was actually built in Q4 and now we see they are restricted to -- by the FIA in terms of build in 2024. What, of course, we don't know is to what degree of any under-build in one month will be low to overbuild in another month or indeed, is it just going to be capped at the production for that month in terms of issuance of airworthed [ph] certificates. We have no idea. And therefore, we're still thinking that demand could be choppy and indeed given the balance sheet of Boeing, is that are they willing to continue to sustain building out at a higher rate than the actually building. And therefore, we've made some allowance within our working capital such that if they don't take the parts or scheduled is that, that's provided for in the free cash flow guidance that we've given you. And similarly, I mean, I'll get it all out there is that we saw our margin flow-through for 2024 at 28% plus or minus compared to our Q4 of 31%. And this also allowed to provide some allowance for the chop or choppiness that we may see, depending on how things go with Boeing.
John Plant: Yeah. We were expecting between 1,000, 1,500 people depending upon what the exit rate should finally be for the year. So, we are continuing to recruit albeit from those numbers, you can see that we're ingesting the labor at a reduced net rate to the last year -- over the last 18 months. And some of that's to do with the bringing now the experience of some of those operators who've been able to retain during that recruitment process and also the improvement in productivity that again we are planning to make. And so, a blend of all of those things plus some of the automation that we've talked about in the past coming on stream. So, let's call it 500 people plus or minus less than we took on last year and while at the same time, trying to improve our recruitment and retention statistics, which is really very important to us to gain that further stability of labor.
John Plant: Yeah. And one of the things that I've been particularly pleased with has been the improvements in our distribution business inside Fastening Systems. A couple of years ago, maybe three years ago now, we created a separate business within H1 [ph] amalgamated with our OE business. We provided dedicated management to that distribution business. And we've seen it indeed have outsized growth relative to the market, and that continued again in a significant way in 2023. So that's proven to be very good for us. In terms of like where does the final, I'll say, scorecard land for 2024 in terms of relative growth of Engine versus Fasteners, it's difficult to say at the moment, I expect very positive contributions from both. We have to recognize is that we still have to see wide-body demand come back and really be built with a propensity actually to grow higher because that wide-body demand mix should actually show improvements because the relative growth compared to narrow-body, especially given that Boeing is now capped is that, that should be good. At the same time, we note -- for example, take the LEAP range of engines is that the -- I'll say, growth of that segment has been reduced a little bit, both in the actual for 2023 and slightly lower build as the initial demands have dropped from. I'll say, a year ago, we saw a '24 was going to be looking at 2,200 engines then went to 2000 and I know it's in the range of, I think, something like 1,875 to 1,950, something like that. So, we've got to see how all that settles out and indeed, it's a balance of what goes to OE build versus service demand for those engines. So, I mean, the most important thing is both Engine and Fasteners are good. So, I don't want to handicap it at this point, but it will be -- I expect that we'll be having a good year for both.
John Plant: I mean LTA certainly govern the most of our business for the company. And I guess momentarily the number of how much is [indiscernible], but it's -- I'm going to say somewhere up at that. So I'm going to say 75% to 85%, I believe, but can one refine that should need to, as I carry on talking here. Having said that, of course, there are certain agreements which have come up for renewal for 2024 pricing. And indeed, we are probably now 90% agreed for the price structures for 2024. And so, our expectation for the price commentary I've already given you is that you'll see that Q4 was healthy or mutual with 10-K, a very solid year and we expect 2024 to be similar. And within that, you will see some of our Engine Products to indeed be repriced during 2024 and have already been agreed. So that's also the good. In terms of margins, I mean, you never get like quarter-on-quarter straight line, you tend to plateau for a little while and then you move again. And our thought really has been that we stepped up to a 23% level in the second half of '23. And so what should we expect? And I think you're saying, well, let's play it again for Q1 and see how we go is the right assumption. I've already told you that we have assumed a 28% incremental versus what we converted at 31% in Q4. And this also provides some allowance for the choppiness that I've commented on them. So should for example, Boeing not take all the parts that they've scheduled out and those have to go into inventory. Therefore, we won't be taking the profit on them. And so, we've assumed that, I'd say, a 3% lower absolute number of conversion. And therefore, to me, just playing it out seems a very reasonable assumption for the near term. How it flows for the balance of the year? It's difficult to say at this point in time. In terms of up-to-date market commentary, we actually see wheels demand to be probably a little bit stronger than we had imagined in the short term, and that's within the numbers we've already given you. At the same time, what does the back end of the year behold? I don't really know at this point. Orders have been into take for -- truck manufacturers have been a little bit stronger. And therefore, it bodes well, but of course, those are cancelable depending upon how the general economy goes and we'll have to wait and see. For me, the most important thing, it's not like what happens this quarter or next. But indeed, that market of commercial transportation, we expect to resume growth in '25 and '26 and then that continued with, I think, strong continued demand from commercial aerospace and then continuing to defense and for the gas turbine business promises good growth beyond '24 as we going to '25 and '26.
John Plant: Yeah. So, our assumption in terms of our guide -- of course, our guide is quite independent of what Boeing or indeed Airbus may build and what they may schedule, it's our financial assumption and one that I feel appropriate for Howmet. And for the large part, I feel is that we've tended to call the market fairly reasonably in the last few years. So, our assumption very clear was at 34% for the average for Boeing 737 for the year. Now what they actually build, I don't know and what they actually schedule at. I'm going to say at the moment, they say they're going to continue with their rate 38 assumption as best as we can detect from what we see from our demand schedules. So that's those specific numbers. In terms of spares, our exit rate for spares in the commercial aviation market, stepped up again. And so compared to 2019, which is the reference point we've used previously. And if you remember, in 2019 revenue from the spares market for -- on the commercial side is about $400 million, and it was about $400 million on the defense and gas turbine side. On the gas turbine and defense side, that continues to be steady and an increasing and now that increased to a level, we believe we'll see something like $600 million of demand in the defense sector and IGT sector. We're both growing but indeed, the spares for the F35 growing in particular. And in 2025, as an example, we expect the spares business for F35 to be as big as the OE business has been in recent years. So that's been good. We've seen demand increase in '23, we're expecting it in '24 and then '25. We should expect it to be a segment continue to grow as that fleet continues to expand. And the fleet, I think, is about 975 aircraft. And while we originally thought it's going to expand at like the 150 a year, as you know, currently Lockheed is not building or not building nor delivering at that rate. And so, to some degree, you have to be a little bit cautious. But you can expect a 50% increase compared to 2019 levels. In the case of the commercial segment, that did drop at the depths of COVID to half, so something just sub $200 million. And now that's fully grown back to $400 million, but with the run rate -- you see in the third and fourth quarters and then strengthening each quarter is that, that is now at a run rate above $400 million. And then obviously, to that, you also have to bake in the potential for additional schedules as these reported time on wing issues get, I'll say, addressed and serviced. And we do expect demand to be picking up in the second half of 2024 and then further strong demand -- a very strong demand going in '25 and '26. So that we see is very good. And so today, you can assume that our spares business for '23 is getting about, let's say, the $1 billion mark, and we expect it to be -- that is -- therefore, an increased percentage of our revenues and you could expect the percentage, therefore going into the aftermarket to continue to increase as we go into '25, '26 after a healthy year in '24. So, overall, a good picture and indeed, as I said in my commentary, that the thing which is -- it's not demand just to solve the immediacy of a time on wing issue. I mean, there is a structural shift in spares demand, which I don't think it's appreciated yet totally in the newer engines themselves essentially have increased service intervals because as you increase the temperature pressure in engine, the wearing part, so I think the high pressure turbine part of the engine. So, those initial Blade 1, Blade 2, vane one, et cetera, those become a wearable or wearing parts, a bit like brake pads on a car. And so, you can expect to see a structural shift as increased fitment of those engines is in the fleet and it replaces the predecessor CFM56 engine. So, you're seeing temporary strong demand for CFM56 just to running the fleet at existing fleet harder and a fundamental structural increase in replacement costs which is going to be there. And I think you're going to see additional, say, service shops built around the work to service these new engines, but that's seen that will unfold over the next, say, few years.
John Plant: So if I give you, let's say, the fourth quarter, we believe we delivered at rate 38, while Boeing build, let's say, rate 30. So, in Q4, let's assume that 8 aircraft sets per month went into inventory. So, there's 24 sets of parts which are sitting in Boeing inventory for the structural part, that our estimation. I don't think it's just quite the same on the engine side. Because what wasn't built in engines, let's say, the reduced engine build, which you've already had commentary from the engine manufacturers about that then the balance of the majority of the part, certainly on the turbine side, but not necessarily on the structural side, essentially went into service parts delivery into the MRO shops to account for what I already just talked about.
John Plant: And so if you think about it, assuming that Boeing taking Q1 at 38, depending on what the final thing is, then there is -- if they build up, my assumption is 34, maybe they'll bill at 38. That's why I've allowed for some choppiness as I already commented on, and allowed for some inventory that we may end up carrying as that gets ironed out and with how many people will recruit or we have already commented on that. And so, it's allowed for that, and it's allowed for some of that choppiness within the margin rate incrementals that I've given, calling out 28 versus 31 in Q4.
John Plant: Okay. We have grown about 1% share a year in the turbine airfoils market over the last, let's say, four or five years. And so, it's been a consistent march, and we believe we're just around that 50% mark currently. And we see that continuing to grow commensurate with some of the, I'll say, extraordinary levels of technology that we bring in that segment. And also I've commented here, we would not be considering, let's say, investing further in the scale that I've referred to, without knowledge of that share being there and indeed, I did say very clearly and unequivocally that we've also contracted additional share within that. So, we continue to drive that improve it. And as you did here, hopefully, is that's not changing our free cash flow guide metric, the conversion of net income.
John Plant: Yeah. We did see the spot market pick up further in '23. You can never be sure. So, we've just assumed it's played again in 2024. And we did put in some security stock of material such that we could respond to the spot market and our balance sheet could take it. But we not assume that it's like a further significant step-up because it's also in that unknown area of indeed what hadn't been previously scheduled, what additional demands are there and sometimes the opportunity for an increased share if somebody else is not able to deliver. So, it's not an easy number to say. We assume that we're going to get more. I don't think that's a sensible way to plan.
John Plant: Yeah. So, we do supply, I going to say, in terms of commercial -- for Boeing's requirements, we supply the majority directly to Boeing. But we also do supply Spirit as an example and others that are also providing subassemblies to Boeing. And so again, it's never an absolutely clear picture. But we just assume like we've taken an assumption of a number of aircraft sets. It could be that Boeing build at one level. And maybe another supplier might build at a different level, and it's also compared to what they want to hold and also indeed what Boeing have by way of their minimum, maximum inventory holdings as well. So, we operate on a min-max system, just roughly correlated to build, but as times when it breaks that correlation. So, it's never quite straightforward, Seth, I don't want to burden you is, I'll say, unnecessary detail, but the best assumption is just we've based that on 34 and all of the other suppliers of rate 34 and knowing that at some point, that if Boeing have been scheduling at a higher rate and build the inventory has to come out and so there be held because there's going to be -- maybe the rate assumption will go up, maybe it will be 42, maybe be 47 in 2025. And therefore, because it's really important that all the parts are there, so you avoid traveled work, which has been set a lot of commentary recently. So having supply security and all the parts available is really important. And therefore, it could well be that all of that will be held, which we don't know that. And at the same time, there's also the possibility is that given the cash strain that either Boeing or other suppliers may be under is that they will adjust inventory. So, we've just taken that cautious view, prepared that against -- for example, against the conversion of straight 90% of net income, which is a long-term guide. You can see from what we've given you this morning, it's like 85% plus or minus and that provides the allowance for just in case we have not only the growth rate that we expect, but also if we get caught holding the having to hold the bag in terms of a little bit lower take the natural schedules as some of those MAX inventories are adjusted. We don't know that. It's just an assumption. I mean clearly what we hope for is that they build fully and at great quality levels of rate 38. That's what we want. That's what we hope for. We look for great success from our customers. We'd love to see that. And should they build and schedule and then increase schedules for an increase in rate in 2025 then that will be really good for us. And you could expect us to be further increasing our sales should those scenarios play out. But at the moment, we're not prepared to go there because we don't know.
John Plant: Yeah. So, you can -- it's always these multipart questions, which we get here. So, first of all, of course, given that revenues are increasing, let's call it $0.5 billion in the guide, there is a natural 15% to 20% working capital drag on that. So, let's use the 20% because the math becomes so much easier. There's $100 million of working capital for you to which we added the sort of number that you talked about in terms of that propensity which might happen. So that's where we are on that assumption. And in terms of how we deploy, we haven't actually fixed anything at this point, but it's hardly likely that we're going to enter a refinancing for a couple of hundred million. So, it's quite possible that we may decide just to retire that and take those interest rate savings into, let's say, end of the fourth quarter and into 2025. And therefore, you can assume that's all we're going to do probably. I mean, we could do a bit of a refi around the '25s, that's on a TBD basis, but that's not going to be a big drag either which way a platform any fee structure and breakage cost. But then the majority then you can assume it's going to be share buyback. So position all wise, you can assume that 2024 will be a bigger year for share buybacks compared to 2023 where you can see the majority of the action was further on the debt side to put our balance sheet into the great shape that it's currently in. And so, roughly speaking, you can assume further leverage improvements despite the share buyback thoughts that we have at the moment, which are going to be elevated compared to 2023.
