Tolga Oal: Thank you, John. Please move to slide seven, and some more details about our year-over-year revenue performance. Second quarter revenue was 5% less driven by commercial aerospace, which continues to represent approximately 40% of total revenue in the quarter. Commercial aerospace was 31% less year-over-year in line without projections as expected inventory corrections continued. Defense aerospace was essentially flat in the second quarter as we are on a diverse set of programs with the joint strike fighter being approximately 40% of the total defense business. Commercial transportation which impacts both the forged wheels and the Fastening Systems segments was up 89% year-over-year as second quarter of last year was significantly impacted by customer shutdowns. Finally, the industrial and other markets, which is composed of IGT, oil and gas and general industrial was up 13%. IGT which makes up approximately 45% of this market continues to be strong and was up a healthy 13% year-over-year. I will now turn it over to Ken to give a more detailed view of the financials.
Tolga Oal: So, as you know, we have to guestimate that isn't the biggest number for us. But we actually saw a small uptick in the aftermarket demand for airfoils in the second quarter in the context of Howmet being nothing material at all. We are planning and scheduling that we will have an increased second half in airfoil aftermarket going through our customers of [Indiscernible] and Pratt & Whitney. So while the percentage, I think is it's certain - I can't make that one. But certainly well into the double digits in percentage increase. Again, it's not huge numbers, but we it's pleasing to see that demand and then all goes well again as we exit this year into next year. So when I bifurcated the strength that we saw in defense and IGT spares has continued all the way through with no real let up on that side at all. And so, it's a fairly strong growth in 2020 continued 2021. But the commercial aerospace business has been very, very muted certainly in Q1, small increase in Q2 and we're seeing higher percentage increases. But it don't become material in dollar terms until 2022.
Tolga Oal: No. There's nothing that we see that's problematic for Howmet at all. It was scanned our supply base last year, the one area of concern we had basically disappeared by the late fall and currently we don't see any supply constraint for metal input to any of our plants. And we are securing supply as best as we know for what we believe in market demand as we go the turn of the year, because it's important to start thinking more about lead times. We're encouraging our customers to be forthcoming in trying to give greater visibility for their schedules for those parts, which I expect the world [ph] has been a significant amount of metal availability in the system, the last 12 month. That is tightening. And clearly I think for some of our product range that we will see those lead times go out to beyond six months to nine and twelve months or certainly as we move into 2022. So we really have to plan for those. But that's only covers part of the product that we make where we have those really extended lead times.
Tolga Oal: So, it's different on wide-body by the end of the year. And I'm struggling to remember the number, but let's assume we still have some trapped inventory in the system. And we'll be carrying I think something but now less than about 50 million of trapped inventory in our system which will liquidate during 2022. But for narrow-body the way to think about it essentially there's no trapped inventory in our system left and I think there'll be very little if any in our customer systems left for a narrow-body as we as we transition through the month of year with tightening each quarter.
John Plant: Yes. So we talked to about 300 people in Q2. And as you recall, I said, we'd add these people essentially no add button. You can see that our sales did not increase, and so it was exactly in line with expectations from the revenue side. We mentioned that we would possibly recruit 400 to 500 people in the second quarter. So we're a little bit below that. And that was essentially us keeping tight control of the cost going forward. The majority of the employees that we've recruited so far, and in fact the majority in our third quarter will be for the engine business. So far about three-quarters of the increase has come from people that we've recalled from a previous employment, and four-quarter of new employees. I expect that blend to change as we move through the next, let's say, period of time. And it's maybe to 50/50 and then the majority will be fresh employees I think as we exit the year. To give you a roadmap for the second half, let's say, first, Q3 will be principally engine. And then we'll be looking to add selectively in our structures business in the fourth quarter. And also for our faster businesses as we get looking into 2022 to be ready for that. So, about 500 people I think we're planning for the second half. So getting towards a 1000 for the year.
John Plant: Okay. So let's talk narrow-body in total, because I think that's the most important, really metric for the next 18 months or so. So 2019, the combination of the Airbus A320 and the Boeing 737 Max was peaked at about 100 maybe fractionally over 100, maybe 105 in a couple of months and so. That would be, let's say, the prior aggregation of the two. Clearly, that mix is changing currently with the view that the Airbus is moving to -- is it 47 in January and then 55 by the middle of the year. While say, Boeing is still planning to raise production to I think just over 30. Let's go to 31 in January of 2022 and has been silent there afterwards at this point. So the combo total is in the mid 80s. And so you can see for 2022, still a very significant increase on the last year or last and indeed this year. So the percentage increase is enormous. It still isn't back to 2019 levels. And then if it's right that by the middle of or maybe the end of 2023 we're up in the mid 60s for airbus and we don't yet know for Boeing. But you can envisage that we will be right back at that 100 maybe breaking through the 105 barrier on a combined basis at that point in time. And with the potential, a further rate increases should airbus confirm their aspirations to go to 70 and above. So, that's the roadmap there. But for 18 months while we're getting to 100, it basically just puts us back in the same territory that we've already been in, and so we have -- certainly adding capacity for all of that. If you then, obviously have to blend in what's happening with wide-body and it's probably a little bit too early to say. But I expect probably by the second half of 2023 that wide-body will be picking up. In fact I also think that we'll see some benefits as we go into 2022. So for example, should 787 return from to five a month from its current production level, then that would also be an increase for us. My expectation is that we'll see like all three volume lift, we'll see the lift from of us being the low current build rate just because parts have been take of inventory. Then we'll also will go to a rate match situation where we sell, ship set of aircraft parts equivalent to an aircraft that will volume lift 1. We then going to see volume lift 2, which is the increase that we'll have to make to continue to pace with the rates that are being talked about. So let's say, Boeing going from 14 to 31 and from Airbus going from 40 to 55. So those are both very healthy increases. And then, of course, for this to be done, then inventory has to be bought back in the system. So I expect that during 2022 and into 2023 we're going to see benefits above rate, because inventory just has to be put back into the system to guarantee these levels of aircraft production. So when you put it all back together and I'll just say, pick a moment in time, let's say, let's pick under 23 into 24 then my expectation is that all other things being equal will be at a rate of revenue above 2019. And basically with the content increases that we have or are built in plus any net benefits on price is that on a like-for-like basis, we'd probably be closer to the $7.5 billion to $8 billion on the equivalent production of aircraft. I mean, that's very approximately. But obviously it's a lot of changing parts amongst all of that as we go through the next two or three years. But the way I look at it, David, is that we've got three years, a pretty significant growth to look forward to. And then maybe by the middle of the decade reverting to the more normal 4% or 5% depending upon what end market demand is at that time.
John Plant: Well, if we have to break it down between let's say, machine tool capacity by that I mean essentially like take casting machines or core scrap [ph] machines. And then, I'll take the tooling that goes with the specific part number. In terms of machine tools, we have no problems whatsoever in terms of capacity, because we've already made, let's say, a hundred plus narrow-bodies in 2019 and as you know, we certainly in our engine business, we put a $0.25 billion [ph] of investment in place to take that capacity up. And so -- and then of course, the capacity just came in then the pandemic hit us and so we've carried that capacity for the last, let's say, 18 months now, and therefore it's still totally available to us. So, we in terms of machine tool capacity we could take back to a 400 plus narrow-body rate, all the wide-body rate and the significant increase above that. And so, in terms of a plant and equipment we have essentially no restrictions whatsoever. And that's also gives me confidence that we can still operate for a year or so with capital expenditures being below depreciation, because the capacity is essentially already there. To get further into your question though is that until we know the exact mix of requirements, it's difficult to say on the tooling side. So again, for the next 18 months I see no problems at all in terms of meeting customer demand. And if you took narrow-bodies at let's say 105 level combined then no problems. It's only when we -- if we were to add, let's say, if Airbus were getting to 75 and if Boeing were back above 50, and so we're talking 125 aircraft per month then clearly at that point we'd be at a balance of certainly in terms of tooling or die capacity for some of the Airbus parts. And therefore additional tooling would have to be put down to cope with those -- that volume scenario should it finally be confirmed. So, well, I think about for next couple of years, we have no capacity limitations apart from the ability to onboard labor and train it effectively to do all of that side of the business. But softer side -- but in terms of hard plant and machinery we're fully capacitized and then we have to be thinking about increasing tool capacity.
John Plant: Yes. So let me break it down between fundamental and market demand and then the demand that we saw. So the order in take for Class 8 truck trail has been at an extraordinary level for some time. And so, the backlog is truly extraordinary. And so, in one sense, the demand is there such our confidence over balance of year in fact the whole of 2022 for commercial transportation business is really high. So it's like a great outlook. In fact, I don't think we've ever seen it so strong. The issue that we had in the second quarter was I recall, despite that extraordinary end market demand we actually were in a position where we did not supply, not because essentially we were unable to supply, but we took a large amount of down days and it was different by end customer, because they were unable to complete assembly of trucks due to missing parts whether it was missing tires or windshields, other structural components or of course the one that everybody's very familiar with is the issue of electronics and semiconductors. And so, we have a lot of partially built trucks that are there, which are in obtained fields around the both the U.S. and in Europe. And even some of those are delivered dealers with parts missing until they can go back and retrofit them. So what I'm trying to do is picture the market for us was one where great end market, but just short-term supply constraints by customers couldn't get parts. They couldn't build. And we were taking days down here or there just because they think you don't ship because we can't build anymore. Got no place to stick them because we haven't got part. That resulted in a 7% volume reduction for us of delivered end product in Q2 compared to Q1. So let's call it $18 million worth of revenue volume, which happened to be made up then by basically repricing for metal. So the metal escalators that we have covered up for the volume shortfall. So essentially, it says, if you take our on a percentage basis if you take our EBITDA margin of Q1 and divided by the -- you take those revenues and you flex it by 18. Then you can see that that totally counts for about a few hundred basis points of margin impact. So the way you should think about the second quarter for wheels was we had a 7% volume drop and also a metals impact. And basically if you adjust for those two actually the margin was very respectable. And if you want to extrapolate it a little bit further, so we didn't call it out because we tend not to call such things out. In fact, if you were to adjust for that, let's call it, $18 million, $20 million at the Howmet level of basically metal pass through just on wheels alone then in fact our EBITDA margins would have been just over 23%. So significant improvement on Q1 on a like-for-like basis, all be masked by just the fact that the denominator goes up and numerator goes up because of the way we recover metal. So that walks you through both wheels and for Howmet.
John Plant: Yes. I think we're going to have a similar Q3 to Q2 on the truck side, that would be my thought there. Just because the part shortages haven't really eased yet. And I do think that we're going to see as best I can guess that some of those will begin to ease towards the back end of the year. So I'm hoping for a fairly robust fourth quarter on wheels. Although I can just hope it's not a strategy. But the answer is, my thought is that it should be getting better and then like a really good 2022, because I say, the order books there and the backlog's just increasing just because the demand is there, but it's the inability for truck manufacturers to satisfy the market at the moment.
John Plant: Okay. Well it's the most complete part of what we've been doing with the last few quarters in terms of what is the true level of availability. And also to some degree it also depends now as we go forward the safety stock that our customers would also like to carry. Our thought is that basically our narrow-body by the end of this year there is no -- there's no inventory left in the system and we have to be in an inventory bill situation and it's only isolated pockets. Because essentially as these rate increases take effect in the second half of this year that's just chewing up any remaining parts that's available. And obviously, we always have to see through where whether in a Tier 1 situation directly to an airframe manufacturer compared to an engine manufacturer to try to heat [ph] that's what the engine going for system as well.
John Plant: I think a broader perspective is better on defense and then we should be able to bring ___ right back into the here. And now, so we read that maybe Lockheed won't be building as quite as many as they have thought. And that happened was last year and seems to be this year in terms of maybe supplier availability or impact of COVID on the workforce, we're not sure. But -- I mean, there has been an increase between 2020 and 2021. We are seeing, well, I think Lockheed is talking about a slightly reduced 2022 compared to that previous forecast that maybe I'm going to call it 169 down to 159 or something. It's still above 2021. And so we see you know steady growing F35s from last year this year into next year, and then pretty steady for the following couple of years. And for us, if the build were to be reduced by 5% or so let's say in 2024 or 2025, don't know yet. Then that would be when the increase in spares would be occurring pretty far engine program. So, we expect the spares requirements to become quite significant for that aircraft as we move towards the middle of the decade. And so, we probably look at it as the F35 on a combined say early and after market continues to improve and increase slightly for Howmet over the next few years. You do know additional orders whether it's -- we're just coming with a order of 36 aircraft or even in the proposed defense budget that was actually lifted by I think the senate to have a slightly higher increase in quantity of F35 than was in the original White House budget. So it's trending fairly well for us at this point in time. And on the here and now. You also have to pick through the seasonality of defense orders, they always tend to be a little bit lighter in the first half being a bit heavier in the second half of the year. And we saw that again significantly in Q4 of last year where the defense demand was filled basically on a -- on the DOD budget. So when you have to blend through from our city of f35 still the 40% of total defense sales. If I called it now, I'd say, pretty stable year on year, maybe with a slight increase and increasing towards the back end of the year. And then we see some healthy signs orbits too early to really define 2022, yet some healthy signs for some of the other military programs due to roads across that we're looking at for that year. So, I don't know that's enough for you or you still need.
John Plant: Yes. I mean, we have a significant exposure to boost jet and helicopter. But I'm not sure as we've ever really disclosed it. So, before I comment on this call I'll look at it and see whether we get as they can do to call you back if we have. But I'm not aware that we actually have broken that whole segment down for you. But to say, and if you called out any business jet then you'd see us highly represented whether it's for our engine products or indeed any of the structural faster products.
John Plant: Yes. So break it down between as a industrial, industrial gas turbine and oil and gas the IGT part of the business is very strong. And we're in a situation where we actually just can't make enough at this point in time. And therefore essentially it's on us just to make more and that's both for the new larger blade for the new turbines, which I mentioned in my earlier comment which we provide gas turbines which have fundamentally higher output and lower emissions of both carbon and nitrogen oxide. And so, we have a very strong demand for that and a significant backlog. Although for all of our customers whether it's GE, Zeeman, [Indiscernible] et cetera. And that's also combined with a very strong aftermarket for what called predecessor products. Well say, not as big blades you're trying to put that way. It's still pretty big compared to an aircraft turbine, but not as big as the new latest fleet of very large gas turbine engine. And there the supply situation is easier for us and we do have very significant demand basis because the natural gas turbines in particular are being worked harder given the relatively attractive. I'll say the input fuel content of the natural gas compared to oil or coal and certainly in their lower emissions even though that they also emit a thing. So a very healthy situation there. Oil and gas, the leading indicators of replant are going up very significantly. But we're not currently seeing increasing demand yet. I guess we're in that inventory burn out situation and therefore I guess hope that that will turn into an increase for us in 2022. And in general, industrial is you'll see that it also continues to be strong, but not as strong as the IGT market where really I would say, we just do with you see more instead it's more plants and the sort of equipment for these turbine is not fungible from an aircraft basically.
John Plant: No. There's nothing special at all George. I mean, we were down -- I think we sequentially we're down last year as well. So we always tend to have this stronger Q1 middle of the year, it's not so strong. And then basically a very strong back end to the defense aftermarket rather than defensively that causes that let's call it in-year seasonality. So nothing in particular at all. But no worries. Nothing we've lost at all. It's just - it's not very satisfying, but just the way it is.
John Plant: Okay. The metrics carry on mine is 19 was like 55% Boeing versus Airbus which wasn't a question, narrow-body, but for wide-body was just fractionally over 50% narrow versus wide. They're very similar numbers. Obviously, that's been moving around the last year or so. In terms of underlying profitability, very similar, but I'd give the edge to wide bodies being slightly more profitable. Obviously, -- but different volume, variety situation. But wide-body would be a little bit more profitable. But nothing that knocks the whole company out of joints. And if you were to have the extremes that we're facing at the moment in terms of the differentiability narrow and wide, I'd be surprised if it made more than 1% difference on our margin as you look at it in aggregate if now. So it's not nothing a great note and fully taken account of in any of the I'll say forward looking though we haven't given you a 2022 yet is that the way we've called out the second half is that we see, margins improving. It's already taken on into account that differential I mentioned to served in terms of get a dollar of recovery of metal for a dollar of input cost fully recovered, but it's still it's your margin and I called out that was probably worth taking out 22.8 just to over the 23. And similarly the -- that's taken account of the changing blend that we're seeing with narrow-body coming back stronger. So we're still seeing that expected margin improvement despite that fractional mix change.
