John Plant: Thanks, PT, and good morning, everybody. Q1 2024 was an outstanding quarter for Howmet revenue, profit, margin, and earnings per share were records and all improved versus guidance last year and sequentially.  More specifically, Q1 performance and year-over-year improvements were as follows: Revenue was $1.824 billion, up 14%. EBITDA was $437 million, up 21%, with a healthy incremental of 35%. EBITDA margin was up 150 basis points to 24%. Operating income was 27 -- was up 27% with a margin rate of above 20%. Earnings per share were $0.57, an increase of 36% year-over-year and 8% sequentially.  We'll recall that in Q4, the earnings per share benefited by an unusually low tax rate of 20.7% and also currency favorability and hence, the sequential improvement was indeed excellent. Free cash flow was $95 million and marks the first quarter with an inflow to be followed by further inflows in Q2, Q3 and Q4. We were particularly pleased with the positive cash flow since for many years, we've seen Q1 outflows, which had to be overcome in later quarters.  A total of $150 million of cash was used to reach purchase shares. Just over 2.2 million shares at an average price of approximately $67. Dividends of $0.05 per share were paid, and you'll recall that these had been increased by 25% in Q4 of 2023. Finally, net debt to EBITDA was a record low of 2x.  I'll now turn the call over to Ken to cover the financials in more detail before returning to talk to the overall outlook for 2024. 
John Plant: Yes, I'd like to give you a real clear-cut answer, but I find it's a little bit confusing. In what we saw was, in the first quarter, schedules at rate 38. And I assume that Boeing had assumed that they would achieve that rate. I don't know. Whereas we note that actual bills were substantially less than that and probably well below 20%. And therefore, the increase in inventory, let's say, let's call it, I don't know, 15 to 38 per month, plus the 7 months of last year where rate 38 had been assumed, but more like a build of 30. Has resulted obviously in increased inventories in Boeing.  We've heard statements to the effect that if you go back to January -- absolutely no, we'll keep rate 38 in terms of production scheduling to more recent commentary, whereby we've advised the suppliers or will be advising suppliers of trimming our requirements according to our rate needs. And of course, it's very difficult to know exactly what that means in terms of what the assumed rate needs are.  So we're trying to be fairly cautious in that because while they say that they're going to achieve rate 38 in the second half, I guess we'd like to see that  absolutely, but are unclear that it's going to be done.  So in terms of, for example, in our fastener business where we operate more to a min-max system, whereas Boeing had probably been wanting to increase the minimum levels we've assumed and dropped our assumptions down to deliver no more than to the absolute minimum, which is where our contract with them lies. And so we could be trying to prevent the case where we get caught with a lot of, say, change of schedule on a rapid basis and then cut with inventory.  We're also making the assumption in our cash flow is that those schedules are cut and that we will have a trailing list of requirements that we've ordered on our suppliers for long lead time items that they will have to honor for the most part. And therefore, we'll be taking materials in which we may not be delivering in 2024.  So just trying to pick our way through -- what the best set of assumptions are. What we do know is that GE has changed their requirements for the LEAP-1B engine. And you've seen that announcement in a clear statement. But I think that year-on-year instead of expecting maybe a 20%, 25% increase from, let's call it, 1.75 million engines to like 19.25, it's now more like a 1,700 number. That's more like a 10% to 15% increase year-on-year. But that obviously comes back out in the balance of year.  So it's a very mixed picture that we can draw on. And so we're providing the best assumptions we can. So we are thinking that we're going to get cut back at the same time with the increases that we're expecting for 2025. So for example, Airbus increases the A320 from, let's call it, nominally 55 a month or 65 a month then some of that demand will have to be delivered in the second half of this year.  At the same time, if Boeing do increase their rates, we're going to have to address that. So it's trying to pick your way through all of those assumptions. And so we've tried to do that. And I know that during the course of the Q&A that I'll be going through on this call. I'll try to give you a volume more from previous assumptions to the new assumptions. That's about as best I can do on the whole Boeing -- I'll say Boeing come Spirit aerospace part of the equation, no, which is what you asked about. 
John Plant: Yes. So we cut our assumption from 6 aircraft per month down to 5. I don't know that we're going to see parts, schedule changes for the sake of 2 aircraft a month, especially if they're going to get back up to rate 5 by the second half of the year.  So we recognize that we've been producing ahead at the current actual build rate because of the supply constraints that Boeing say that they've had, which clearly have not been from Howmet. But we've not taken it down to 3. We just assumed 5 for the year. So that's where it stands for 787. 
John Plant: Yes. And that's also part of our thinking is that previously, our assumptions have been going to rate 7, at the back end of this year ahead of where we'd assumed [ a 6  ] where we thought it was going to go and then probably with a higher rate sometime in 2025, on their March to 10 craft per month, which I know has now changed from 2025 to 2026.  So the assumptions seem to be a little bit slow and taking a little bit longer. And -- but nevertheless, we are thinking that will be -- there will be an increase above rate 5 as we go into 2025 and trying to build that into -- that's why we said we'd only move from 6 per month down to 5 in 2024. 
John Plant: Yes. So should Boeing produce rate 38. I'm very clear that we'll be at rate 38 with them. And should GE reinstate the planned increase to the 19 25 level of LEAP engines, which is obviously part of it into cadence to 1b that we'll be able to meet rate -- what the -- again, on labor, you can see while we've increased the overall guidance, and therefore, our labor recruitment will be fairly robust is that we have enough flexibility to be able to cope with those rate assumptions. Because, again, we'll know months ahead of they're actually achieving that. It won't be like go from, let's say, rate 15 to rate 38 in a month, it's going to happen slowly. And gradually if it occurs. 
John Plant: I think to some degree, it reflects the revenue potential and earnings potential of Howmet when it achieves the increased rates. And so while Boeing sales in the 787 might have been building a 3. But we were building in the first quarter of our parts at a rate significantly above that. So let's assume rate 6 or even in rate 7. And so this that's obviously a very good dynamic for the business and then showed with I thought, which was excellent margin improvement in the business, which was a combination of operational performance, commercial performance and the mix. And when that happened, we've put on 500-plus basis points in margin improvement year-over-year. And there's still -- I don't know what it was, 200 basis points sequentially.  So all really good. And obviously, we're trying to work out exactly what that will be. As the assumption I made is that we get down to rate 5 on the 787 and obviously, a much lower rate on the 737. Albeit as you know there's a metallic fasteners, they don't quite have the richness of mix that we will get on a composite aircraft.  At the same time with Airbus, as you know, the A350 is a composite-based aircraft. And so the rate increase that we've seen there and also as we prepare for a further rate increase in 2025, then again, that's all looking positive for Howmet. 
John Plant: Yes. I mean, what we've guided to you in Q2 is that, in fact, revenues would be slightly higher than Q1. So we're still expecting overall to be good. But very much for our year would be -- we're cautious because of the rate assumptions I've given you on the 737 and therefore, expecting to have the impact of that.  Plus, also, as you heard me talk about on my prepared remarks is that we are expecting weakness in our commercial wheels business in the second half of the year. So far, we've been pleasantly surprised by the strength in that segment. Clearly, we hope it continues, but our planning again for some reduction because we've already heard customers like PACCAR reducing their commercial Class 8 truck build as they go forward.  So again, it's a different number in the U.S., maybe a 10% truck build reduction we're thinking of in North America and maybe something a little bit higher in Europe, offset by whatever penetration we can achieve in terms of aluminum versus steel. So -- but the important thing I thought in this quarter was that we were able to really operated a really -- a good level and achieved a rate increase, let's say, 26.5%, 27% EBITDA margin, doing like 28.5%. And that's really good because obviously it's a supply -- it's more leverage at the operating margin and the EBITDA margin level. So it was all good. So it's a cautious assumption on commercial truck in the second half, cautious assumption around Boeing MAX production coming off, as I talked about earlier, a rate 38 scheduling in Q1. 
John Plant: Okay. Maybe the best thing I can do is to give you a picture of the revenue walk for the company first and then return to the specific question, obviously improved durability as a second subject. So in our assumption, is that we are thinking that we'll have a, let's say, a hit from the MAX reduction assumption from the 34 rate we'd assume in Q1 to the 20 rate. And so that's something well over $100 million of a hit. And then we see that being offset with an increased reimbursements of our defense sales. And you saw those up 12% in Q1, which was significantly higher than our assumption, which was mid-single digits. So I think that's $60 million-ish, give or take.  On Wheels, we think the first half is going to be stronger than we thought. So let's call that $50 million-ish on wheels. And then with our other sectors that we serve, for example, like oil and gas, you heard us talk to a 15% increase there. And while IGT was flat in Q1, we're thinking of a mid-single digit increase for the year. for IGT and Industrial, there's another $60 million. So essentially, all of all of the Max [indiscernible] and more it gets covered by those items.  And then the big one, I think, is our assumption around spares, which is we've put in an increased revenue assumption of over $120 million plus on our spares lift. And that reflects, let's say, a further aggregate 25% lift in our spares business year-on-year and more like 35% on commercial aero. So it's pretty significant. And now the rate -- the spares revenues are substantially above 2019 levels, a 2019 was about $800 million, I think $1.1 billion plus in that area. So the -- if you assume that -- on the OE side, it was all about net offset. You can see our total $200 million increase, let's call it, $120 million plus comes from the spares assumption. And so that's how you get there.  In terms of when you think through what's going on at the moment, clearly, the existing engine, which is now all past model, which is the CFM56 there. We have not yet seen the peak of spares for that business. And because of the lack of current narrow-body production by Boeing is that it's the airlines are working the fleet hard. And therefore, CFM56 it's probably going to peak more like 25, maybe 26 now, and that's still increasing. So that's good.  The 737 MAX is -- it's obviously been having its own increase in, let's say, MRO shop visits. And on the current version of the LEAP engine, those won't peak in my view until well after 2030. And -- so we're seeing an increase there. And I've also talked on the last earnings call about the immediacy of the time on wing issue and they're producing a little bit of extra revenue. I probably overstated calling it at a [ bubble ] 3 or 4 years, but that's going to go on, both for the LEAP engine and in particular, the geared turbo fan, and that's well reported.  I think what we'll see is that there will be a gradual introduction of the new improved robust turbine blades. And that's probably more significant as we go into '25 and beyond than it is in 2024. But that obviously the -- assuming that is successful in terms of the durability, and I have every reason to believe it will be, then I guess that affects shop visits coming, making up about 2030 and beyond. But meanwhile, of course, we'll have the benefit of LEAP -- current production for the last -- let's call 8 years and the geared turbofan for longer, that will be increasing that -- that's a road map through.  So it's a long way of saying we should have improved asset economics around more robust fixes for GTF and LEAP that fixed time line wing issues. Plus the increased spares demand initially from the CFM56, which is still coming at us, and it's good. And then obviously, further increases to the LEAP, which and -- geared turbofan which include the time line when we issues the well reported. 
John Plant: I see commercial aerospace sales going up in '25, '26 and '27. It's a bit too difficult to get up beyond that, but I see rising reducing the spares area during those years. I also see increased spares for the F-35. And in the past, I've said I think by the time we get to 2025, we could be seeing spares revenues almost as much as the current OE demand for F-35 turbine blades. And then what happened after depends upon the rate of production and the rate of usage for the F-35 around the world. Clearly, in recent months it has been an extraordinary list of, I will say, time in the air for F-35s. On the other hand, I've also read articles about the plan that we know to run them a little bit less.  But nevertheless, we see F-35 spares being very strong over the next few years. And the -- I think the aircraft park at the end of last year was just under 1,000 aircraft and now it's over 1,000, but will be increasing, assuming that Lockheed delivers, let's call it, about 150 aircraft a year, which looks like doing 150 every year for probably the next 10 years. But so -- by which time, the fleet of F-35s around the world will be very large and the spares will be extraordinary.  And then in between of that, let's call it in around the 2028 mark, I think we'll see improved turbine componentry to meet the requirements where additional thrust is required to offset the current draw from the weapon systems and avionics that is currently the issue being addressed. 
John Plant: Certainly, the program that we put in 3 years ago of creating a separate segment within our fasteners business for distribution is notable success for us. And I'm going to say we've probably seen an almost doubling of that business in the last 3 years. We don't provide like all makes to everybody and try to manage all the logistics of people, but this is trying to capture that margin previously that we had effectively passed on to other distributors. Because we distribute those parts. And we mainly focus on those parts which are proprietary with technology moats around them from the Howmet say, suite of fastener brands.  So that is growing faster than the OE business for us, and therefore, again, that's been another thrust for us. It's also an improvement in fastener margins. So far, any commentary that I've given, Myles, I've never been willing to say that we'll achieve 2019 levels of margin rates because I think those were the very different conditions. I mean there, we had 787 running at 13 or 14 a month, as an example. And the A350 also at a higher rate.  So the -- I mean, as you know, what we talked about on this call is that those rates are way -- it may be 1/3 of that. And so it's all wrapped up in our own progression of efficiency, but also what's the mix of aircraft come 2027? I might be a bit more bullish if you'll guarantee to me that Boeing will be making 14 787 and now I think I read that Airbus is going to make 15 a month of A350. I mean, if that happened, it's all great. It's really good for us. 
John Plant: I realized that. That's why I put it that way. That's why I try to not to put my head in that noose because I had no plan... 
John Plant: Yes, I think it's about right. I'd have to go back to my notes to guide what a more precise number. I think it's well above the $400 million that we saw in 2019. So I think $550 million is probably a best approximation, and Ken can jump in if he wants to correct me on that number. The defense spares for last year, we're already growing from like 400 to 600, and that's continued. So it's all good on that front. 
John Plant: What I've said previously is that we thought that we were going to be able to essentially hold and match what we did in 2023 into 2024. I think where we are today is that we're absolutely clear that we're going to -- we're going to be able to hold much and maybe improve a little bit over 2023 levels on that front as well.  So again, if you put, I'll say, a fairly good price assumption with good mix with good spares and then offset the negative from Wheels. We just got that high margin rate. That's why we sort of balance it all out, given you the guide we have at a 24% margin. 
John Plant: Yes. So what I said previously, maybe I'll just amplify a little bit today is that we said we were going to take back CapEx. And so if last year was probably just over $200 million. I think the midpoint of that guide now is around $300 million, it could be $290 million, but $300 million, give or take, I think, in that region. So maybe just below $300 million.  And I think that we're going to spend all of that this year. And there will be an elevated investment requirements in 2025 as well. And essentially, that's because, yes, there's a large increase in aircraft engine, both, I think, for commercial and for defense. Because defense you've also got all the new rotor graft programs or re-engining of certain things, I think you heard of it, we talked about before. And so those investments are absolutely required. And so you can assume that the investment is a lot more than the $100 million increase that I talked about, and let's assume it's something getting close to the $200 million, which if you think about that plus all of the additional facilitization and hiring, it's a big bill. And that was essentially focused to one of the engine companies. I talked about last time. because of our increased share that we've locked in for the next few years at that company.  And hopefully, more to come. It's because a good, strong, solid business. You're seeing margin rates improve year after year, and you've seen another step forward this year. And I think in [indiscernible] ,which we're trying to hold it now and then maybe we'll make further improvements as we go into next year. But given the demand profile.  But at the moment, it's clearly one where there's a willingness to invest because of the, I think, returns in that business. And I think the industry needs it as well. So that's where we are on that. And probably a little bit more of a muted investment, for example, in our structures business. So you've heard me talk about titanium where to answer the question you haven't asked, we're still increasing production. You've seen that in the revenue numbers. We're taking the share we've talked about and the increments we talked about as a result of the sanctions on VSMPO. So less occurring. But again, I'm not willing to put fresh capital in the ground for that given its long duration to come on stream and also the geopolitical risk that I've talked about in the past because we don't know what's going to happen, not even what happened after the election this year. 
