Arnold Donald: Okay. So Felicia, first of all, on the opening part about the solid 2019, we're -- we see a very strong base for our business in 2019. We're going to grow our earnings, we're going to grow return on invested capital and so we focus on earnings. As you know, yield is one of the tools that -- to get to earnings and with the capacity increase we have, and at this point in time we're before wave season, we don't have that and, obviously, we have to factor in the unknowns, like we always do. So the 1% is our best guidance. But of course, we're going to be striving to beat that, as we have in previous years, but that's our guidance at this point in time. We also have just a combination of mix issues, which I'll let David talk a bit about. Go ahead, David. 
Arnold Donald: No. I wouldn't say it's significant change or anything. Again -- I think the other difference, Felicia, a bit is, we're really focused on earnings and return on invested capital. And so as we have the higher capacity increases, so even the European brands are going to grow in earnings, okay. And that's where we're driving towards. And so with greater capacity, you're less reliant, obviously, on yield increases. But obviously, we're going to strive to get the yield increases. But at this point in time for our guidance, given we're in front of wave and uncertainties and some of the challenges that were referenced in terms of economies in Europe, we think that's the prudent guidance at this point, but that guidance takes us to where we want to be in terms of earnings and increase in return on invested capital. 
Arnold Donald: Nothing really changed. I mean, we don't have a more conservative view to be blunt. I mean, we feel confident about the year. Again, we're focused on earnings and return on invested capital. We're giving the best guidance we have at this point. But I would say what's changed is that we're well ahead on occupancy. We have -- even with the capacity increases we have, we have less to fill next year than we had at this point in time last year. And so we're actually seeing strength. And so we're not -- we don't -- nothing has changed. We aren't more conservative than we were before or whatever. 
Arnold Donald: I think YODA is a tool, and it allows us more frequent inquiry and more frequent adjustments, and it's a powerful tool. It will show up more in the second half of '19 in terms of impacting real results. But fundamentally, it builds up from the bottom. So the key in yield manage to us is by ship, by itinerary, et cetera, and you're looking at it's not just 9 brands, it's all of the itineraries and specifics and it builds up to what it is. So for certain on some of those itineraries, I am sure along with the tool and the experience of revenue management [ scientists ] that with capacity increase they wanted to be at a certain point on the booking curve, et cetera, that may have driven decisions, but there are a lot of other variables. How much you bundle, how much of the bundling is allocated to onboard versus ticket, affinity groups, charters, there's a lot of moving dynamics there from a booking standpoint. But overall, for the guidance in terms of where we'll end up, that's what we have given our best shot at, at this point in time. 
Arnold Donald: Again, the timing of capacity when it comes on, et cetera, all those things factor in, but what we can assure you is that, we have the foundation for double-digit earnings growth over time -- over the near term here, the medium term. And I don't know exactly the 5%, it might be a little higher than that, but the bottom line is that's our best guidance at this time, and, of course, we're going to be working to beat that. 
Arnold Donald: No, no, not at all. I would say that, obviously, there are some challenges in Europe broadly on continental Europe from turbulent economies or what have you. But the bottom line is with everything we just told you, our European -- our EA brands are going to grow in earnings and they are absorbing the capacity. They're going to be better than they've ever been. And so for us, it's still very strong. On a relative basis, average to the fleet, all those kinds of things, all that impacts our average numbers that we share with you guys. But in the end, we are focused on growing earnings and growing return on invested capital. Our makeup is different than some of the others in the industry. But Europe is going to grow earnings. Europe is doing well. They're absorbing their capacity and they are absorbing it, and we'll see they're working to grow yields in the end and we will see where we end up. 
Arnold Donald: Yes, there's a blurring between ticket and onboard. Brands try different combinations as they move along their booking curve and whatnot. So -- but clearly, pre-wave we have a little bit better visibility on yield, on ticket yield. Obviously, on onboard, we just have to factor in whatever we can and come up with a forecast, but we work hard to beat it, and that's what our team is about. But we -- the guidance we've given you, we see the foundation for what we promised, which is over time double-digit earnings growth and continued growth in return on invested capital. 
Arnold Donald: I'll make a comment, and I'll let David comment as well. Frankly, as you know, Robin, by now working with us, there are so many unknown things that happen every year. And so we find it prudent to anticipate -- you can't anticipate unknown things, but anticipate that things are going to happen. And that's always in our guidance at this point of the year. If more things happen, that guidance seems to be prudent. If fewer things happen, that guidance seems conservative. And we never know what the future is going to hold and whether it's going to be more less or the same. And that will be my general statement. I'll let David make a comment. 
Arnold Donald: Within a brand, in general, true. And not necessarily clearly on yield, but definitely on earnings for that brand. But across the brand, it depends where the capacity is, if [ you have a ] mix. So we have some brands that have are below our fleet average and yield and some that are above. Greater capacity increases in those that are below is still earnings accretive. It grows our earnings, but it doesn't necessarily allow you to grow as much in yield because it's holding back as you get more capacity and a below average fleet. You can understand the math. So that's only about the [ capacity. ] There's a bunch of other variables, too. Because again, what is included in ticket versus in booking kind of -- is included in ticket versus onboard. And then, if we shifted to more onboard, we have to actually realize that in onboard. And again, we're giving you guidance right now, we're not reporting actuals for 2019, we're giving you guidance. And so all of those factors come into play, but it's not automatic that everything will just [ floss ] up because it's not all even. Certain brands have capacity 1 year, other brands the next year, increased capacity, et cetera. 
Arnold Donald: I want to leave with you at this. I understand why you guys focus so much on yield, but it's one lever to grow earnings. For us, again, we're totally focused on growing the earnings and return on invested capital. And we're managing everything to effect that. And there's timing issues of when capacity comes in, when capital is recorded on and on and on. All that mix of stuff confluence of things can create, at any point in time, a particular number. But what happens over time is what we're focused on. And clearly, we're going to grow earnings on top of a record year that we just experienced. We're going to grow return on invested capital. We've got the double-digit return on invested capital, and we're going to do that in the year. And then we're going be double-digit on average over the near term in earnings and continue to grow return on invested capital. We have a very strong business with very strong demand. 
Arnold Donald: Yes, the practical reality to us if the ship is relevant to our guests and is delivering double-digit return on invested capital and we'll -- as we have to invest more in that ship over time, we'll continue with the ship in the fleet if it's relevant to the guests and it's earning its keep. If it's not, then the ship will be gone. And so in terms of there being a robust secondary market, there's no question the secondary market has opportunity, not only because of eco regulations, but simply because the aging of the ships that are in the secondary markets. Those ships are now -- many of them are getting 40, 45 years old and they're just going to need to rotate out. So there should be a market for a number of the ships, but at the same time, to drive earnings and return on invested capital, if we had a need to scrap a ship and not sell it, we would do that. We don't see that at this point in time, but if it came to that, we have no problems doing it. 
Arnold Donald: But we're not going to hold on to an underperforming asset because we're not able to sell it. I mean, we would scrap it if we had to. I don't anticipate that, but if we had to do it, we would do it. 
Arnold Donald: Things are definitely better than they were, say, a year plus ago. In China, some of that is -- there's has been capacity that's moved out. But a lot of it is, frankly, the distribution system just becoming more familiar with cruise. So we see China, again, as small, very small part of our overall mix today. We see the real opportunity, of course, being our joint venture with CSSC and building a domestic cruise brand there. But there's [ 1s and 2, 3 ] ships in and out. So it's a market that is more important for the development for the future than it is right now. But just in terms of yield environment, the yield environment is certainly better. 
Arnold Donald: Thank you, and happy holidays to you. Look, we're very excited about Ocean, but it's still at the early stages. And so to answer your question directly, yes, we've seen blips here and there, but we want to see consistent delivery and performance over time before we make any hard assessment on revenue and ticket yields. And keep in mind, it's new technology. So maybe you have an Apple phone, I don't know if you ever use your AirDrop feature on it, if you happen to have one, you know a lot of people don't know the AirDrop even exists; if they do, they don't know how to use it and so on, but it's a great feature if you want to just share photos at an event or something. And once people use it, they love it. So similarly for us, with ocean, there so many features, our crew has to get used to it and then, of course, we have to activate with guests and guests have to become familiar with it. We have every indication from guest satisfaction scores, from crew satisfaction scores, that it's definitely elevating the guest experience and the crew experience and now we see potential, but it is new. And so we have to let it play out. We have the full ship now active on Regal Princess. We have 6, 7 other Princess ships ready to go when the time comes. And we're learning and educating and practicing and experiencing, meanwhile the guests are having a great experience with it. But we see potential, but it's a little too early to count the chickens. 
Arnold Donald: Okay. I'll start and I'll let David fill in what the details are. First of all, I just want to emphasize, again, that Europe is strong, and we're talking double-digit capacity increase and number of brands there that are ahead on bookings with less to book even with that capacity increase than they've had even last year. So first comment is, it's strong, that's number one. Number two is that, yes, in general, the average ticket yield there is less than the average for our fleet. And so even with a strong performance, it can pull down when we give you an average number, especially at booking time. Across 9 brands, it can pull down the yield picture, but it is strong. And so I'll let David color in on, but Germany is strong and U.K. is strong. Go ahead, David. 
Arnold Donald: Let me -- first of all, I can't emphasize enough. There is no problem. We're talking double-digit capacity increase, our bookings are ahead of where they were last year. We have less to book even with double-digit capacity increases in some of those brands than we had last year. So there is absolutely no problem. Those brands are going to grow their earnings this year over last year. So we had a growth in earnings. So there really isn't a problem. You're just talking weighting of averages and numbers, but there is not a problem in the market, there's is not soft demand, there's -- none of that's happening. 
Arnold Donald: Okay. Thank you all very much. First of all, I just want to reiterate that we're marching down the path to double-digit earnings growth and continued growth from return on invested capital. Clearly, on the bookings that we shared with you, given the environment, some of our brands have chosen to put more business on the book earlier to optimize in an uncertain environment. But even with the uncertain environment, we're going to grow earnings, we're going to grow return on invested capital and we're marching down the path. I want to thank you all very much. I'd like to acknowledge 120,000 colleagues here at Carnival Corporation, again, for delivering on the promise of double-digit return on invested capital this year. And I really want to wish everyone a joyful, safe, and happy holidays. Thank you all very much. 
David Bernstein: So Felicia, the -- keep in mind as we talked in September and, again, I will reiterate, in the first quarter last year, we really did achieve net yield revenue growth of 4%. The Caribbean in the first quarter is nearly half our deployment. And in the first quarter, we were so well booked last year, and we had minimal impact from the weather disruptions. And so that led to nicely higher yields and we have a tougher comparison for the first quarter of 2019. And, however, keep in mind that the Caribbean continues to improve sequentially quarter-to-quarter. The net revenue yield in the Caribbean in the first quarter 2019 is expected to be better than the fourth quarter and that's with significant capacity increase in the Caribbean as well. And then when you look at the second quarter of 2018, we achieved nearly 5% yield increases with the challenging Caribbean. So that was more than offset by high -- net revenue yield growth in other programs of 8%. So all of these factors combined in the first half are headwinds or challenges. And when you put that together, and you combine these with the challenging -- these challenging comparisons, with the uncertain economic environment we have in our EA brand, particularly in the Continental Europe sourcing, where we're experiencing significant double-digit capacity increase to those brands, and as a result of this, we are factoring all of this into our guidance for the year and try -- and we're expecting slight improvements in the second quarter and a stronger second half. 
David Bernstein: Yes, that's a fair representation. I'd just say when you repeated that, I would add the uncertain economic environment in Continental Europe as well. 
David Bernstein: We do have more visibility because we've had 3 months of bookings, but we had indicated that our guidance for the first half that the -- would be less than what the guidance we gave for the fourth quarter. But we never quantified the exact number because we had less visibility and said we would give guidance in December, which we are now doing. So nothing -- as Arnold said, nothing has changed. 
David Bernstein: So it's probably in total about 30% of our guests come from Europe. I'm not sure exactly what that is by quarter, but that's in total for the year. 
David Bernstein: And one of the things that we did, Harry, is, over time, we have made a number of investments in capital and we have mentioned this on the previous calls, so that the depreciation went up a bit more than capacity, which impacted the numbers you're referring to. And these are investments, which we believe over time will pay dividend. So I think we're in very good shape, as Arnold indicated in his prepared comments, looking forward in the future. 
David Bernstein: Well, we ended the year with a debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.96. So we do have some room on the balance sheet side. And so if you take a look at our guidance for 2019, we would end the year assuming no buybacks, which, as you know, is the way we put together the guidance, it is slightly above 2x. We have almost $700 million remaining on the authorization. So clearly, we have the flexibility to complete the authorization. And beyond that, the buyback is a board decision and we'll be discussing that with the board. But one thing I did want to mention, because you brought up capital expenditures and cash flows, is the capital expenditure forecast going forward. And let me just give you the years -- the numbers by year and then explain the changes. So for 2019, our CapEx number is $6.8 billion; for 2020, its $5.7 billion; for 2021, it's $5.9 billion; and for 2022, it's $5.3 billion. The 2019 number is probably higher than you'd seen before, but keep in mind, as we mentioned in the press release, we had the delay delivery of the AIDAnova and it was just simply delayed from November to December. So the CapEx that we anticipated in 2018 just fell into the first month of the new fiscal year. The other numbers have also gone up. We got some feedback because typically, our cap -- the CapEx that we were giving out was new ships that were contracted for as well as non-new build CapEx, the capital improvement. And so every time we ordered a new ship, our annual CapEx numbers went up. So what we've done is, we've tried to anticipate the new ships we plan to order, and we've included that in the total CapEx projections. So hopefully, we get that -- you'll see the numbers will be much closer in the future as we go forward. 
David Bernstein: Yes. Well, we haven't generally historically seen onboards impacted by economic environments the way they have in ticket. The way we put this together is the onboard and other increase is slightly above the 1% overall. And the net passenger or the net ticket is slightly below, getting you to that 1% for the whole year. So -- and typically, I think I've said this in the past, we do typically use sort of a 2-ish percent onboard and other guidance number as we go forward and we work very hard to do better than that. 
David Bernstein: Yes. We -- it was a couple of days ago. Brent at that moment was $59. I know fuel has moved considerably. Keep in mind, Brent is just one factor, there's also the crack spread as well in determining our fuel price. So look at both of those before you do your calculations. 
David Bernstein: Yes. You know if you break up the pieces, the onboard and other probably accounted for 60-ish or 65% of the improvement. And we have very little visibility on the onboard and other going into the quarter. So that's just a factor of our business. And fortunately, we worked hard and we did better in the onboard and other, which drove it. 
David Bernstein: No. I did say in my prepared remarks that the close-in bookings was stronger on both sides of the Atlantic. 
David Bernstein: Yes, they do. There are liquidated damages, but the accounting rule say that we have to reduce the net book value of the ship by the liquidated damage payment. So unfortunately, it doesn't go through the P&L and -- but we made [ a hole ] by those losses. 
David Bernstein: We've also -- over time, we sold 28 ships since 2006. So it's been roughly 2 ships a year and it's hard to predict. It depends on the demand in the market, but we say consistently, we'd likely sell 1 to 2 ships a year over time as the ships get older, which isn't a big surprise. 
David Bernstein: So overall, our guidance, as we put it together and I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we do have the capacity increase, we get economies of scale from that. We have our global sourcing efforts where we're leveraging our scale. So those are 2 major items that I had indicated are more than offsetting inflation for the full year. When you look at the quarters, I know the first quarter was up, like, 2% -- in the full year, we're talking about being up just 0.5%. So what that implies is that the rest of the year is relatively flat. I always say judge us on overall the cost for the year because there are timings between the quarter, whether it be things like drydock or advertising that does vary year-to-year, quarter-to-quarter. 
David Bernstein: So overall, we're well ahead of the prior year and on an increased level of capacity. So as Arnold said, we are -- things are very strong and we see an improving trend. I mean, overall, we [ say it ] on a cumulative position, where pricing is in line. And when you look forward, you see that the second half of the booked position for the rest of the year is obviously -- is expected to be up considerably from where we are to date to get to the 1% yield guidance. So we're seeing positive trends, we're seeing very strong volume. And we are seeing a lot of economic uncertainty within those countries that you mentioned, which is impacting the overall booking situation, which we've said before that economic uncertainty does affect the consumer, which affects our business. 
David Bernstein: It's really hard to say because there's a lot of decisions yet to be made over time. But we've been saying for a couple of years now that the expectation is that D&A would grow a few percentage points higher than capacity. And exactly how many -- we've got a lot of decisions left to make to determine that, but that should help in your modeling. 
David Bernstein: So I did indicate in my comments that the first half was a tougher comparison. And so we do see this back half being stronger than the first half. And we do see an improving trend in the second half ,which was a little bit of what I was getting at before. So you are correct in your paraphrasing of the year. 
David Bernstein: We're getting new builds in late October. So the impact is very minimal in the year, it's like just a month, so careful about that. And keep in mind that every month in the quarter is not the same, and now you're going to get into the mix impact as well in a quarter. 
David Bernstein: Generally speaking, we don't -- while I do make commentary historically on the actuals, we don't give guidance by brand or by segment of the business. But we -- as Arnold said before, we see the volumes being strong on both sides of Atlantic, in Europe as well as in North America. And we're well-positioned to achieve our guidance and we're working hard to do better than that. 
