David Bernstein: Generally speaking when we talk about where we are at this point in time for the whole year, we are about half sold, far more sold than the first and second quarter than the back half of the year, but we are about 50% sold on average.
David Bernstein: Keep in mind that given the collars and given the fact that the bottom of the collars are roughly $78 to $80, if fuel does go up, we are very well protected up until the $80 and then we get back into the collars. So we are well protected at the bottom end.
David Bernstein: We do have the high end in the collars, but, as Arnold said, we are not changing, given our point of view and given the amount of collars we have out there, we feel that we are well-protected for the next three years.
David Bernstein: In 2015, keep in mind, we did have about a 50% increase in capacity in China. And also with the impact of MERS, we did see yields down just a little bit in China in 2015. And as Arnold indicated, we are looking at a 60% increase in China capacity in 2016. And so - but it is a unit growth story and China is still getting yields, particularly on the ticket side way above other parts of our business and it's an excellent market and it's gotten a very promising increase. Keep in mind though that China is still in 2016 just 5% of our business and so it's a very small piece of the total. But, as Arnold said, it's a unit growth story and over time, we do expect it to be very promising.
David Bernstein: Overall, I mean, as Arnold indicated, we see the blip, but it has started to improve and we feel very good about the overall trend and where we are today. So - and we built all of that into our current guidance.
David Bernstein: Steve, it relates, as I said, to the EAA brand and it simply is a re-class between revenue and cost and there is no impact on operating – I am sorry, operating income. It really benefited internal management reporting and really this change, it's not material. We weren't even required to disclose it, but we just wanted to be transparent so that everybody understood where the revenue yields were and that the 3% did benefit by about a point of the accounting reclassification.
David Bernstein: And your second question, Steve, there's a lot of moving pieces to our guidance. I guess I would categorize them into four categories that affect our ability to get the accuracy correct. First of all, the net ticket revenue. I mean, yes, we always say 85% to 95% of our bookings are on the books when we give the conference call, but we are trying to project that last 10% or 15% and like this time in the fourth quarter, we got better last-minute pricing on those bookings and that positively impacted the results. Second is onboard. We have no advanced bookings for onboard revenue and it gets very difficult to project the exact amount of money that 2.5 million or 3 million people are going to spend each quarter on our ships, and so this quarter, we were a couple of cents better on onboard revenue. Third is net cruise costs. And I think, as I've said in the past, while we are pretty good at the full year, it's very difficult to predict every single month and every single quarter the exact split. So we do occasionally talk about the seasonality or the timing between the quarters. And really the fourth is fuel and currency. I mean, if you've got a crystal ball that we could use, I would love to have it, but I will tell you, we take the current spot price of fuel and the current currency rates and we bake them in and they do change. In fact, in the fourth quarter, as I indicated, we saw a $0.05 improvement from the net impact of fuel and currency. So those are the four things that vary and we are doing the best we can.
David Bernstein: When we say bookings are ahead, we are talking about booked load factors or occupancy onboard the ship. So you can say it's sort of like a, let's call it a capacity-adjusted metric. So we are definitely looking at occupancy and we are looking at cabin occupancy. Now prices are ahead. We talked about that, but we have only recently seen pricing turn positive, as Arnold had discussed. And so overall we had indicated we are slightly ahead and so we do have to see a continuation of this improvement for us to achieve our overall 2% yield guidance in the net ticket yield basis. So with that in mind and also tempered by the macroeconomic and geopolitical issues, we think we gave you our best guess it's a 2% yield guidance, but we hope we are being conservative and do better.
David Bernstein: Sure. Okay, well, it's a couple of factors that we are putting here. First of all, if you go back to 2015 and you look at what we did, we had, in 2015 about $2 billion of free cash flow. We returned $800 million in the form of dividends. By the end of the year, we had only returned $300 million in the form of share buyback. So we still - we returned $1.1 billion and we still, as of year end, have $900 million of free cash flow that we are expecting to return in 2016. so we've got end - we also have significant free cash flow expected in 2017. So we have plenty of opportunity to return free cash flow to shareholders. And on top of that, I think I've said this before, over the long run, if all we do is return free cash flow to shareholders because of the earnings over time, we would delever. So overall debt levels over the extended period of time can increase and we can maintain the same leverage ratios and return that cash flow to shareholders as well.
David Bernstein: Yes, things like media buying and marketing, port shore excursions. I mean, there's a long list of things. We are working through them in a variety of phases because you can't accomplish everything at one time. So we did a point last year, $75 million to $80 million last year. We are doing another $75 million this year and we hope to continue to be able to produce additional savings in 2017 and beyond.
David Bernstein: Yes, and Tim, when you look at it, same port year-over-year, we are actually hoping to do better year-over-year in the yields, but keep in mind, as Arnold indicated, we are looking at approximately a 50%, 60% capacity increase in China. So we are being cautious, as I indicated, in our guidance as we move forward into next year. But, remember, overall that China yields are better than the fleet average. It is only 5% of our overall business and it is a great market. And so it's a unit growth story and the operating income in China is improving quite dramatically from 2015 to 2016.
David Bernstein: Sure. We did not include any - we did not assume any additional buybacks in our guidance. We had bought back a little over 8 million shares as of yesterday. We did assume that in our guidance, but we have not assumed any additional. And as I did mention, we probably still have another $900 million or $800 million from this point forward of free cash flow from last year that we can return to shareholders. As far as the 3.10 to 3.40, the fuel derivative, I think it was…
David Bernstein: The reason that Q1 was better has a lot to do with the comparison to the prior year. It's got more favorable comparisons because the second, third and fourth quarter of last year were up more than the first quarter. So it's a little bit on the prior-year comparison. But your point is well taken. We talked about the Caribbean doing very well, talked about it being booked well-ahead. It's at nicely higher prices and as a result of that, the first quarter we do expect to be a little bit better than the remainder of the year in terms of the net revenue yield.
David Bernstein: Yes, the most important thing, if I go back, we were behind in constant currency and as we said, for the last three quarters, prices were up and now we are ahead. And so it's been a good booking quarter for us, good volumes, higher prices, as Arnold indicated, an improving pricing trend and that's why we are forecasting the yield improvement. It was something we had expected would occur and it has occurred over the last 13 weeks.
Arnold Donald: Hi, Harry. Good morning. We review that constantly, but so far, with forward pricing, we haven't seen an opportunity to do anything that we think makes sense. Obviously, nobody really knows, as is evidenced by what happened the last couple of years. But we constantly review it. But at this time, we see no reason to do anything different.
Arnold Donald: Okay, you bet. And just one last comment, the last time we almost pulled the trigger on that, we would have taken all the losses and then a couple of days later, we would have been back in a loss situation again. So we constantly look at it though.
Arnold Donald: At this time, overall, we are being - we hope we are being conservative. If you look at the high end of our guidance, that would be a 4% yield improvement. So definitely it's factored in along with a host of other things. But we feel confident we are going to see yield improvement next year. At this point in time, we've done what we think is prudent and makes the most sense. We are pre wave. We've got a lot of information yet to see.
Arnold Donald: In the end, we expect overall our returns in China to be above the fleet average again next year. We have a significant capacity increase, 60% plus and around 60%. And so we - it's a unit growth story for us in China. So we are anticipating that while yields may come down a bit on balance, our returns are going to be better than the fleet average and overall, we are very, very positive on the China market.
Arnold Donald: We saw some impact from the events and the media associated with it and obviously saw the European activity was particularly impacted. We saw some movement for North America brands - for itineraries that had that as a destination. All that's been factored into our guidance going forward. It's reflected in our projections and we feel confident about the projections at this point in time.
Arnold Donald: I think, first of all, as you are well aware, there are over 100 million outbound tourists in China already and today, cruise is capturing less than a million of those tourists and that number is going to grow dramatically in terms of the total number of outbound tourists and the fit for cruise is far greater than, less than 1%. So there's plenty of demand. And then the Chinese are not that different than Americans or Europeans or anyone else. There's a huge distribution curve of different interests and appetites. For some, a German product is going to be something they are very excited about; for others, an Italian product; for others, an American product and so on. And so we see the opportunity in China to introduce a number of brands to take advantage of the pent-up demand there and to fit the various appetites and desires and different types of cruising experiences that the Chinese will want, similar to other people around the world. So that's it in a nutshell. So yes, we are launching AIDA and Carnival brands in 2017. We already have Princess and Costa there today. We have the joint venture with CSSC and CIC for a domestic brand launch sometime in that kind of timeframe. And so we are very excited about China. It is today only 5% of our capacity. There may be discontinuities at times as you try to get distribution lined up with that pent up demand, but it's all, from our perspective, very manageable. But a very great market, a strong future market, a contributing market today to the bottom line and to our whole approach on developing relative scarcity around the world. So the capacity growth that you see for us, a lot of that goes to China and therefore - and similar for some of the other companies in the industry as well. And so that constrains the capacity growth in the other markets.
Arnold Donald: We've been sailing year round in China for a while. As you know, we are number one in China in terms of home port activity and so we've been season-long. So you won't see a lot of seasonality in our business. You won't see a lot of port differentiation at this point either between Shanghai and Tianjin and the mix of our business either in China. So we are expecting again good yields in China, better than the fleet average next year. But with capacity expansion, we do recognize it's more of a unit volume growth play than a pure yield play.
Arnold Donald: Okay, first of all, concerning the Costa comment, travel agents are absolutely essential to our business. They are a critical part of our business. And something got lost in translation or whatever, but the bottom line is we are not moving away from travel agents. The reality in the UK for Costa is that they have very little business there and they are choosing to concentrate elsewhere. However, travel agents in the UK who choose to book on Costa can still do that. The existing travel agents who are approved travel agents, they can still do that and they can do it through Genoa and the mechanism is in place. So something got lost in translation there, but Costa is not going direct in the UK.
Arnold Donald: Obviously, we've beaten the high side estimate for a number of quarters in a row and beaten guidance at minimum a number of quarters in a row. We're going to work like crazy to keep doing that. Having said that, it's not always going to be smooth sailing and certainly quarter-to-quarter not, and maybe not even year-to-year. And so we do the best we can in the forecast. But fundamentally we are on a path to get to the double-digit return on invested capital. And that's the ultimate goal, and we celebrate the mileposts along the way and we work like crazy to accelerate achieving that and we will continue to do that. But we are trying to be as transparent as we can.
Arnold Donald: Yes, so, first of all, we had an original memorandum of understanding agreement that basically covered everything, port development, shipbuilding, domestic cruise company ship-owning, etc. And we now have, from that agreement, executed a joint venture agreement around establishing a domestic brand together there. So we're concepting that out with them. Over time, that brand, whatever form it takes, would include both ships transferred in, existing ships, as well as newbuilds over time. And clearly, CSSC being a shipbuilding entity is clearly interested eventually in building cruise ships. And they also have an agreement with Fan Cantiere [ph] in development around shipbuilding. So ultimately, it would involve new ships and just keep in mind that the China market over time will, probably like it is in almost every other consuming activity, be the largest market in the world just from sheer numbers. So over time, China will be able to absorb many, many, many cruise ships. So we are excited about it. We are looking forward to developing it. We are excited that that agreement is now reflected in China's national five-year plan showing their commitment to development of a cruise industry and to working with us, and so we are really looking forward to the partnership.
Arnold Donald: We have efforts going on an ongoing basis, so it's important for me with the organization that these aren't one-off projects. Its ongoing underlying behavior, communicating, collaborating, coordinating, and so airlines, we definitely have realized benefits from that and we'll continue to going forward. In the area of food and beverage, we are beginning to pick up momentum in that area across the brands as they collaborate with each other. And it's not only on the cost savings side, which was your question, but it's also on the revenue-generating side in terms of how they package beverage packages, how they are presented to the guests, who presents them to the guests, the incentives involved, the timing and learning’s from that that actually help drive onboard revenue as well. Other areas include technical, which we are at the very beginning of. There's huge opportunity in that area and we are not even - we've barely begun that one. And there are a host of other areas as well.
Arnold Donald: And again, it's not just a one-shot deal. These are ongoing behaviors that constantly drive savings in the areas. So it's not a one and done in the various areas, but we are very excited about them, especially excited about seeing the behavior and the enthusiasm of our various team members who are engaged in this and working together.
Arnold Donald: Yes, two disruptions for first-timers. First, there was a lot of capacity last year in the Caribbean, a lot of capacity and to fill that capacity, we had to have last year a lot of first-timers to fill out that capacity last year. It was a major increase and I'm talking now 2014, okay, in the Caribbean. And so that expanded the base for the Caribbean. You mentioned China already as being the other component. Outside of those two dynamics, the trends are pretty much the same as they have been in the past, which is a smaller and smaller percentage of new to cruise only because the base is getting larger and that base grows and capacity isn't expanding dramatically. So there's always a slight downward trend in number of new to cruise required if you don't have significant capacity increase in any other market. So it's just an artifact of the numbers. If you look at our total business though, that's a little bit different because we have approaching 11 million individual guests a year and probably 3.4 million of those are new to cruise. A large portion of that number - it used to be 2.7 million. A large portion of that number is driven by China and as I mentioned, that big expansion in 2014 of capacity in the Caribbean. In regards to China, we don't have like same city, if that was what you were asking. Our sourcing -- we expand the sourcing as we expand ships, but the ports that they are selling from are the same and so Shanghai and basically Tianjin. And so we are expanding the sourcing, we are reaching further out into the China market for guests, but in terms of -- the ports are pretty much the same.
Arnold Donald: Again, there are some discontinuities potentially in the market because of the way the distribution channel operates and where we are chartering ships and what have you. But philosophically, our intent is for strong pricing in China and China is a place where we are profitable. We intend to be profitable and if things started moving a different direction or prices plummeted too far, then we would pace the growth and we would change destinations for the ships. We don't have any interest in creating a market in China, that's a big discount market or anything like that.
Arnold Donald: Over time, there's no question there's going to have to be additional ports in China and obviously, there are a number of local entities in China working on that if we are focused on China. To handle the volume in China, there's actually going to have to be expansion in ports surrounding China as well, so Taiwan, Korea, Japan. It will be necessary to expand the capacity of those ports to handle the Chinese guests. So that's all in discussion and under analysis and development and it is definitely going to be required as is expanding the cruise terminals in Shanghai and in Tianjin and points nearby there. Basically those same cities but different locations for the terminals. So all of that is underway. It's all going to take some time, but with the pace of things, keep in mind we can only build so many ships a year because there's only so many shipyards. There's demand right now everywhere in the world for cruising, so you are only going to move so many ships from other markets into the China market. So there is a natural pace to this that exists because again of the artifacts of the construct with shipyards and demand elsewhere in the world. So we are working diligently and I'm sure others are too and looking at different ports in China, as well as working with ports in Asia, throughout Asia, where the Chinese would want to sail to.
Arnold Donald: They probably won't. You are absolutely right. There is a bit of a constraint. But the other thing to think about is fly cruise for the Chinese, which helps demand in all the rest of the world markets. So the bulk of those 100 million tourists today are flying out to somewhere and so fly cruise for the Chinese to Europe, to North America, to Alaska, to the Caribbean, they become a huge source market for existing itineraries and that will be part of the opportunity as well.
Arnold Donald: We can't speak for others. We can only speak for ourselves and for us, our first newbuild going into China will be the Majestic Princess in 2017 with our Princess Cruise Lines. And our focus is to get her into China, she's purpose-built for China.
Arnold Donald: And she does a little bit of Med, but the ships are built in Europe and have to be trans located over to their destination market. So in our case, she will do some inaugural stuff in Europe simply as a way to make her way over to China.
Arnold Donald: But the difference isn't in the terminology -- or in the metric of constant dollar versus constant currency. The difference is actually in the bookings.
Arnold Donald: Hey, look, everyone, I want to thank you all for being on the call. Thank you for helping us celebrate what was really a great year. Happy holidays to everyone and I'll be a little unprofessional and say happy birthday to our Chief Financial Officer here. It's David Bernstein's birthday today, so David, happy birthday. Hey, everyone, thank you very much and happy holidays.
