Howard S. Frank: Thank you, Andre, and good morning, everyone. Let me just sort of comment that Micky Arison and Beth Roberts are in London at the moment so they are joining the call from London. David Bernstein and I are here in Miami. I'm going to turn it over to David and let him start with some of the color on the third quarter and talk a little bit about the costs going forward.
Howard S. Frank: Well, Felicia, it's a question that covers a number of different brands. But broadly speaking, I think it's fair to say that in order to keep demand going, we have been and will continue to have a fairly heavy spend in promotions and sales. That seems to be driving the business. And if we do it smart and we do it selectively, I think that's fine for us, I think. And that's been -- but that's been going on for quite some time. It really hasn't changed it. Now look, that will vary by brand. Some brands experiencing more demand right now, other brands, a little bit slack demand depending on the markets that they're in. But they're pretty smart guys and as they see -- if they see any kind of revenue fall off or booking fall offs, they're out there with their promotions in order to stimulate the market. I can't answer the question any better than that.
Howard S. Frank: For certain brands, it's still pretty -- it's still close in. It's -- you're starting to see some evidence of it pushing out more recently because of the recent increase in bookings over the last quarter, but it's still closer in than it has been historically, so we're starting -- and that's been the pattern. It's more so the pattern in the European brands. We're seeing it more in the European brands but we're also seeing a little bit of it but not quite as much in the American brands.
Howard S. Frank: Yes, let me go back and check, but I think -- certainly it was in volume and I think it will depend on the market. David, what's...
Howard S. Frank: Yes, I think, and David looking up the occupancy, the declines year-over-year but when we look at and when we go beyond into the second quarter and third quarters and fourth quarters, a good piece -- I think we're looking for both price and occupancy increases. Clearly, we expect occupancies to get back to more normal levels for the Costa brand. But I think we're also expecting increase in pricing because of the easier comparisons. But a good chunk of what we lost was in 2012. A good part of what we lost was occupancy because we stopped -- we lost all the bookings during wave season when it started for Costa and they didn't really get back into the market any significant until later on in the spring and then still not in a very significant way. So it was a tough year for marketing for Costa. It has been a struggle. But we're starting to see the turnaround but we won't start to really see the numbers until the second quarter of 2013.
Howard S. Frank: Yes. And as I mentioned, in the fourth quarter, we actually -- we're back with the same occupancy year-over-year as you can see that, that's the biggest hit was in that second and third quarter.
Howard S. Frank: Well, let me just mention to you that the Costa ship in Asia this year, which is a single ship of -- the first time we've had a 2,000-passenger vessel, had enjoyed -- actually, because it was very positive revenues and actually stronger revenues than we had for the rest of the Costa brand, but of course, the Costa brand was affected by the events from last January. We're also -- and the reason for moving a second ship to Asia is Costa was the first company to really to start deployments in Asia for the Asian market in China. And for many, many years, we made an investment in terms of taking up some losses. We had, first, a smaller ship, then 2 smaller ships and then we moved to the Costa Victoria, which is a larger ship. We had the Classica there for a while as well. So now, it's going to show a small profit on the one ship in Asia, and that's -- at good prices so we're going to move a second ship over. It's not just China, it's all the other Asian markets as well for Costa, so we expect it to be profitable.
Howard S. Frank: Well, I don't have that in front of me, and to be honest with you, I haven't -- we're just in the process of starting to review operating plans, and I haven't even looked at the Costa operating plans. We'll start that next week and one of the reasons Micky and Beth are already over in London is we're flying over, David and I are flying over on Thursday and we start our planning and budgeting reviews of each of the brands in Europe next week, later on this week.
Howard S. Frank: Well, look, we have -- Steve, I think it's fair to say we have an October Board meeting, we discuss -- when discussions of dividends, purchases of stock, treasury stock and so on come up, so if there's anything to be said after the Board meeting, we'll make an announcement. But I don't want to suggest that we are going to do anything.
Howard S. Frank: I think, at this point, each, it's difficult to say. I think that Europe has been soft for a while throughout this year, even last -- throughout '12, even '11, and we're seeing a continuation of it. So the comparisons may not be all that difficult for us in Europe insofar as wave season's concerned. We lost a lot of the wave last year after January. So all the brands were impacted last year's wave. So relatively speaking, we came on strong but then it weakened considerably in 2012. This year, we suspect that it will be a more sustainable wave but we'll have a better picture of it later on in the year when we can see because we haven't really -- a lot of the more marketing starts later in the fourth quarter so we'll have a better sense of it from a demand standpoint. Later in the fourth quarter, we'll see how things go but I think we're feeling pretty positive about the situation. But Europe is challenging but we're there for the long term. It is a strategy that we think will work. We like the European demographics, we like the market. We think we're still -- the market is still considerably under-penetrated relative to other developed markets so we like our investments in Europe from a long-term standpoint and we'll get -- and once we get through this quite -- this difficult economic challenges that we're experiencing, especially in southern Europe, as Micky indicated, I think we'll start to see some stabilization and some very positive results for the company longer term.
Howard S. Frank: Right now, the existing occupancy at this point, fourth quarter, they caught up so they're flat year-over-year, relatively.
Howard S. Frank: What I did say in my comments is that we are expecting solid profitability for Costa in 2013. So yes, we will get back to profitability.
Howard S. Frank: But I think what we've said is that Costa's -- on a year-over-year basis, their pricing will come down from the third quarter because fourth quarter is typically a challenging quarter notwithstanding because it's out of season, the demand factors are lower. So we are seeing a narrowing on a year-over-year basis, meaning an improvement in Costa's pricing when you look at it, and we expect that to continue into Q1 as well. So it is getting better. But right now, as we sell, we caught up on occupancies, we're selling at lower prices to do that. That's what I said. I'm not sure if I answered your question but...
Howard S. Frank: But there's a lot -- as we go through the next -- this past few years and the next several years going forward, there's a lot of retrofitting of equipment onto the ships to reduce consumption, power consumption, just more sophisticated controls, fan systems and so on. And also, where the opportunity comes up, we can change around itineraries a little bit to get some reduction in fuel costs. So there's a variety of things that we're doing. Also I should mention that from a metric standpoint, as we add ships to the fleet, the newer ships so far are designed for lower fuel consumption, so we're seeing some marginal benefits in those numbers from that as well.
Howard S. Frank: Yes, I mean, well, as a broad number, you could say that. I mean -- but a lot of the ships that went out -- the capacity that left were the 2 smaller ships in addition to Concordia, so -- they were never very profitable ships to begin with. So there's a devil in details here so I'd rather not to commit to anything like that. But then certainly, they're going to try to get back to as much profitability as they can. But to climb back to where they were before will probably take another 1 year or 2 years beyond 2013.
Howard S. Frank: And Ian, on the question of yield expectations for 2013, I think we'll be in a much better position. It's still early for us. After we get through the planning process which starts this week, we'll have a better [indiscernible] We don't have it. We don't have it right now.
Howard S. Frank: I think what was said was that the North American market is basically in the norm booking pattern-wise, but it's really the European market that's gotten a little bit closer in.
Howard S. Frank: Nick, you're right on your introductory comment to that question. It would just be -- it would be a guessing game to know. There are so many -- there was so much noise that we've had in the markets this year apart from the event last January, including deteriorating economies, problems in Greece. I mean, there's just so many factors here, higher airfares this year for North America and flying to Europe and the impact from that. I don't -- I couldn't even begin to guess.
Howard S. Frank: I mean, if you look at our guidance back last December, which was a midpoint of $2.70 a share, if you take out fuel and currency changes which affected us by about $0.30 a share, and just the Costa swing in profit is about $0.64 a share, that more than makes up for the -- for where our mid -- our guidance is of $1.85 today at $0.90, $0.95. So in all other respects, I think we've performed as expected and we gave up a little bit in yield on the outside of Costa with the other brands but we've also saved quite a bit on the cost side. And in fact, I think those 2 elements, if you take them together, probably would've taken us down even further than $1.85. So we've been improved from the operating line if you take fuel and currency and Costa out. And I'm talking about now all the other brands. Just kind of give you a global picture. And then also -- it's also how we see it too. So even though [indiscernible] okay, the other brands did just fine actually, if you take out the fuel part.
Howard S. Frank: No, we didn't comment on the call. We continue to work with EPA to try to come up with an arrangement, at least for the next several years to see if we can do something called averaging, weighted averaging. We haven't been successful but we've got that also from a legislative agenda standpoint in Washington. We're also pushing for a legislative fix to allow us a period of time to demonstrate what we can do on a weighted averaging basis. But I would also say that when it comes to this issue, that there's a number of new technologies that are going on in the R&D area, in research area, that we're very hopeful on that could help us in this respect as well. So we continue to work so that by the time 2015 comes around and these anchors gets spread across the globe, we can mitigate the increased fuel cost. But there's a lot between now and then -- a lot of time between now and then we're hopeful we can get it done yet in one form or another.
Howard S. Frank: Okay. Well, thank you, all very much for your questions and if there's any follow on, I guess people would get in touch with Beth. But everybody have a great day.
David Bernstein: Yes, we did comment in the press release. It was up 9% for the last 6 weeks excluding Costa, and prices were in line with last year's level. And over the same period for Costa, we said the 9% increase is at lower prices.
David Bernstein: Howard, the occupancy drop was 5% for the year but it was over 11% and almost 6% for the second and third quarters. So there was very significant occupancy hits in the second and third quarters, and third quarter obviously be most important.
David Bernstein: Yes, Harry we had said back, I think it was on the March call, that we had expected a decline in about 500 million [indiscernible] to lose...
David Bernstein: No, that's okay. Back on the March call, we had indicated that we're reducing our earnings as a result of Costa by about $500 million, and that Costa would lose about $100 million this year. So that was what we gave back in March. It turned out to be a little bit better than that but not significantly different.
David Bernstein: The swing was $500 million negative from the December guidance, but the absolute was negative $100 million.
David Bernstein: Although, Harry, I can tell you, if you look back, the ship in Asia did better than the average of the Costa fleet in -- or expected to do in 2012, albeit keep in mind that those are depressed yields for Costa in 2012.
David Bernstein: Yes. Onboards have been strong all year. First of all, if you break out just onboards from onboard and other, because the other was impacted, to some degree, as I mentioned, by the accounting change we had for the Alaskan tour operations. But onboard was up a little bit over 3%. It -- excluding Costa, on both sides of the Atlantic in the third quarter, it was up in the neighborhood of 2% to 3% in the first 2 quarters, and we're expecting -- we're forecasting about 2% in the third quarter on a normalized basis. I say on a normalized basis because we had a couple of credits last year from guaranteed payments in the fourth quarter of last year, so if you actually look at the as-reported numbers included in our forecast, onboards would look more flattish to down. But we've had steady increases all year long, and we've been very pleased with that, and it's essentially across all of the major categories. We've seen increases in bar, we've seen casino, shore ex and shops and those 4 categories make up about 80% of our onboard. So we're very pleased.
David Bernstein: Steve, you got to keep in mind that our excess free cash flow for this year based off of our September guidance is almost about $400 million. So we have returned in total, I think it's $69 million through the share buyback program this year. So there's not a huge amount of excess free cash flow for 2012, but we will continue to opportunistically buy back shares. As I mentioned, we still have $265 million remaining under the repurchase authorization. Hopefully, that excess free cash flow will continue to increase. And then as it increases, we've got to talk to the Board about the variety of alternatives we have that we've gone through in the past, including a formulaic annual dividend as one option. But at the moment, these are things we're thinking about for the future when the excess free cash flow grows.
David Bernstein: What we said, it was in the fourth quarter that our expectation was for occupancy to be essentially flat year-over-year.
David Bernstein: We're not at a position, at this point, to give specific guidance on Costa for 2013, but we do expect Costa to do better next year and it will continue to improve. We'll see more improvement obviously in 2014 as well. And so we'll give you more color on that in December.
David Bernstein: I think one of the things you've got to keep in mind is when you look at the fourth quarter, the onboard and other yields are down considerably from the third quarter because of all of the fourth quarter items that we had last year that I mentioned before in onboard and other. The net passenger revenue is more flattish with the third quarter when you compare the -- when you look at the total company.
David Bernstein: There isn't any one, it's an accumulation of hundreds of little things that we've done over time to get to the 6%.
David Bernstein: No, that was just a timing between the third and fourth quarter, and that was part of the reason why our costs were better than we had guided for the third quarter versus the June guidance. The largest item was an adjustment to one of our insurance reserves. We expected the actuary to deliver the report in September, and they delivered it last week in August, so we wound up making a journal entry. There were some other changes in advertising, professional fees, hotel maintenance, et cetera, and it's really just a timing difference between the third and fourth quarter and not a permanent difference for the year or on an ongoing basis.
David Bernstein: Rick, we don't have the detail between the technology versus itineraries. A tremendous amount of detail we'd have to grow through to try to split that out. We did actually forecast about a 4.5% increase in the third quarter. We did better than we had expected. I mean, I think I've said this in the past. Typically, our maritime guys are a bit conservative. Hopefully, they've been conservative for the fourth quarter as well, and we'll do better than what we're expecting there. But I don't have the detail to break that out.
David Bernstein: Sure. The largest is the deployment change. They're all fairly similar in size but the deployment change is the largest. The MNOPF or the multi-employer pension plan is worth about $25 million next year. And the Costa occupancy is slightly smaller than that on a unit cost basis, and those are -- that's the relative magnitude of those items.
David Bernstein: Well, I'd love to believe that it's one-time only. But we've had this one-time only issue every 3 years now for a number of cycles. Apparently, the way it works is they do an estimate every 3 years and then they bill us. This remember, it's a closed plan so we've got no new members going in or anything like that but we do have to fund the existing commitments. So if, it was a deficit, depending on what the stock market, what happens in the stock market in all their investments over the next 3 years. There could be a deficit or surplus in 2016. If there was a deficit, we would have to fund it.
David Bernstein: I think what I was trying to indicate is we have these unique items that are going to affect our cost next year, which would be probably on top of flat to half of inflation is a good way of thinking about it.
David Bernstein: Excludes the flat to half of inflation, but I'll throw in one other point to think about is that this year, we did have some unique items relating to ship incidences which will go away, which will benefit us to the tune of about 0.5 point. So net, you're probably looking at 1 to 1.5 points on top of flat to half of inflation.
David Bernstein: Well, you've got to keep in mind that there's also some additional eco requirements in the fourth quarter that weren't in the third because on August 1 is when the eco requirements started, and so that will affect the comparisons that you're looking at.
David Bernstein: Let's see. On an annualized basis, you're probably looking at an eco impact of let's just say $50 million to $55 million, and probably 1/3 or 40% of that was in this year so you probably got an incremental $30-odd-million next year.
David Bernstein: It was about $30 million -- well, through the 9 months, about $30 million and that's pretty much it for the year, then maybe another $1 million or something. Not much.
Micky M. Arison: You also have to keep in mind, you're talking about one ship on 100-ship fleet, so increased profitability are not on the margin is small compared to the 100-ship fleet.
Micky M. Arison: Yes, we didn't make any change in the commission structure. All we did -- all Carnival Cruise Lines did was play some catch-up on override targets. Virtually all our other brands and most of our competitor brands adjust their override targets based on capacity increases and do it either every year, every other year but do it on a relatively regular basis. Carnival Cruise Lines hadn't done it in 10 years. And so basically, that was a catch-up of capacity increases, which over those 10 years, was 50% and adjusting and also simplifying the override goals. That's all it was.
Micky M. Arison: I would say that U.K. and Germany has held up better than we expected in the last 2 conference calls, I would say, a little bit. While Italy, France and Spain struggled -- well, I'd say France did okay. Italy and Spain continue, especially Spain, to be very difficult. And actually surprisingly, Costa, despite having a difficult time pricing-wise, maintained its market share in these markets. They either maintained or even increased market share in these markets. So I thought that was an interesting stat.
Micky M. Arison: We've had some itinerary port cancellations, but we only have -- I think it's -- if you look at '13, about less than 10% of our capacity calling in those kinds of ports. And most of it is behind us for '12. The peak of it is generally in the third quarter. So it hasn't been much of an issue to date. We do have one ship that Costa has a small ship operating next year at the beginning of the year in the Red Sea, and that could be an issue if this continues much longer. But other than that, it's just one small ship really.
Micky M. Arison: You have to remember also that Costa will operate next year with 3 less ships than they had this time last year because we sold the Marina and Allegra and we know what happened to the Concordia. So even if they do very well, they're not going to have the revenue from those 3 potential ships.
Micky M. Arison: We have this question every year now for 3 years. We're working very hard to reduce consumption and we believe that we can continue to do that at significant levels. And I think next year, we'll do it again is my perception.
Micky M. Arison: Clearly, when the time we gave the December guidance, we were comfortable with that guidance. You can do the math. But a lot of things other than the events of January, as Howard said, has happened. But I think, clearly, and right up until January 13, we were very, very comfortable with that guidance was good or even conservative.
Micky M. Arison: Yes, I mean, they get the capacity back at the end of 2014, so that would give them the opportunity really of getting back fully in 2015. But it's going to take some steps, as Howard said. It's going to take 2 or 3 years but we're going to make a very positive step. We're going to make -- we believe we're going to make a very positive step in the first year.
Beth Roberts: The fourth quarter for Costa yields were slightly better but it was more pricing than occupancy. And for the rest of the company outside of Costa, we are expecting yields to not show the same level of close-in demand that we enjoyed in the summer season because it's seasonally a little bit weaker in the fourth quarter than you normally would see at for close-in demand during the summer.
Beth Roberts: I'll answer the first part. The language in the press release is similar with regard to booking volume. Booking volumes were strong both in the period leading up to June and the period leading up to September. In this current outlook, pricing has improved, so we're generating the same level of booking volumes with less price action.
Beth Roberts: So 2013, in the Med, we have 6% in first quarter, 17% in the second quarter, 25% in the third quarter, 28% in the fourth quarter and 19% of the full year. And that's both East and West. So of the 19%, roughly half of it is the eastern portion.
