Arnold W. Donald: So there are a couple of factors involved. We have first of all more difficult comparisons in the fourth quarter than the earlier quarters. For example, in the fourth quarter of 2014, we were up 2.8% whereas in the quarters prior we were up 1.8%, actually now 2.2% in the third quarter. And so, it's a tougher comparison. That's one aspect. And in addition, we are still facing some continued headwinds in Europe that can affect yield. But overall, we are very pleased with the yield result for this year, and we have increased our overall guidance for the year in terms of results and are looking to finish the year strong, and with the lengthening in the booking curve going to next year, well-positioned for continued yield improvement.
Arnold W. Donald: First of all, I'll take the second part first, on the yield management, revenue management system, it’s just a system, so it's a platform and it involves the [indiscernible] modeling and inquiry systems and what have you, we'll just go to a common platform that six brands will initially adopt and over time the other brands may migrate to it as well. Each of the brands have their own revenue management system today, very different platforms, some are more sophisticated than others. So, this will be an overall enhancement, so two. And obviously we are using outside resources to help us develop to and implementation has already begun. So, it's part of work that we have undertaken over the last couple of years. In terms of setting goals and whatnot, first of all we think about it over the long-term as well as annually, and we manage the business to double-digit return on invested capital in the next three to four years. To do that, we have to have solid yield growth, we have to contain costs, and we have to be disciplined in capital management. Our teams have performed very well. This year, we just had record earnings, we feel very good about it, we just increased guidance for the year, and we are marching forward. In fact, we are ahead of pace based on this year and that's why I put in the caution that we don't expect always to be ahead of pace, but this year we are ahead of pace. We are going to grow earnings 35% and that's despite drag of a few pennies net of fuel and currency compared to prior year.
Arnold W. Donald: The reality is again is the behavior of communicating, coordinating and collaborating. So the yield, the revenue management instrument itself is a combined ideation of best practices across the brands and then new ideas from the outside and inside. So it's an elevation of capabilities that we are going to introduce, and six of the brands can adopt it at once. The other brands already have more sophisticated revenue management tools and will migrate over time as we make the enhancements and refinements to the basic system once it's in place. So the reality here is, our brands are very different from each other, they compete in different typographic markets, but they can learn from each other and common itineraries and common regions of the world and intelligence in terms of what's happening with booking curves and reactions, especially since they all tend to extend chasing newer cruise than chasing different newer cruise individuals because of the typographic profile, but they are all chasing newer cruise. So we've had benefit to date which is why we have had some of the outstanding operating results we've had and this too will allow us to capture even more benefit, regardless of the environment.
Arnold W. Donald: I think the simplest statement we can make is for those who are considering cruising next year is, better to book now, because this is the best time for them to book.
Arnold W. Donald: No, that's three or four years from today, yes. So if fuel stays low and currency improves for us, meaning the dollar weakens [indiscernible] gets stronger, then we get there sooner. If not, we'll get there in that timeframe or at the tail end of it, dependent on what happens with all those dynamics, but fundamentally we started out four to five years last year, we are down to three to four, next year we'll be down to two to three.
Arnold W. Donald: The other comment too is to just keep in mind, and I know why you guys focused on yield and we do too, but there is another aspect to this, we can be return accretive and drive return on invested capital in certain markets across certain brands, even with some challenging yield, and that results from just capacity additions and overall improvement in total mix and onboard revenues, et cetera. So while yield is definitely a key metric and we totally focus on it as well, slower than you might expect yield growth does not necessarily equals slower than you might expect return accretion.
Arnold W. Donald: Absolutely. Asia, again that will be a good case in point, China yields may come down a bit but they're going to be return accretive because of the significant increase in capacity. Now at the same time, with that capacity increase, they are still going to represent 5% of our total capacity, and by having the capacity there, it actually reduces our capacity growth in the rest of the world. And so we won't be happy even though we have 3.7% capacity growth for next year. Only 2% of it is outside of the Asian market. And so 2% capacity growth in the rest of the world is reasonably conservative growth for us in the current environment, which is also good.
Arnold W. Donald: Just real quickly before David comments, and we will give you guys full guidance in December, we are about to go through our planning meetings that David mentioned, we are evaluating all the reviews from the brands in terms of investment spending they may want to make in digital media, broadcast media, events and PR, promotions and other things to drive demand. So we'll take a hard look at all that. Our plan is to deliver the double-digit return on invested capital and we're not going to save our way there but we also have a focus on cost containment. And as I've mentioned to you in previous calls, we are focused on cost containment for two reasons, one is the drag on earnings, but the other one is it creates the dollars to invest to drive revenue. And so we are achieving the cost savings that we set out to do, and then the question is, whether that will flow through the bottom line, are we going to invest them to drive yield. The investments we have made to date appear to have paid off because of the significant improvements and the business and we'll be taking a hard look at that going forward.
Arnold W. Donald: It's too early to delve on that but it's plausible and it's possible, but it's too early to conclude that at this point in time. But what would not be too early to conclude is that if the yields come down, it will still be return accretive. Robin, I'm surprised you're this deep into the call. If I heard a question from you, so normally…
Arnold W. Donald: I will just add to David's comment to December, it's too early to give yield guidance for 2016, but if you're saying what's the feeling compared to June, I would just say that we remain very confident in our ability to drive directionally towards the double-digit return on invested capital in next three or four years. To do that, we have to have solid yield improvement and we feel very confident, probably even more confident than we did in June, that we can deliver on solid yield improvement next year, and that's despite some of the headwinds that today exist in Europe, and by the time we get to December maybe those things won't be the same, but today with some of the headwinds in Europe, geopolitical, macroeconomic malaise, the intense tension over there around the refugee situation, that has affected all travel, not just cruise but all travel. So those things may still be present or they may wane between now and when we get to December, but we will give you full guidance then.
Arnold W. Donald: We did not see any falloff in demand related to stock market or general economic fluctuations, none whatsoever.
Arnold W. Donald: There are other factors in addition to transactional currency and stuff that influence the appearance of early pricing and yields. We have targeted affinity groups that some of the brands target. They book earlier that kind of make the yield look lower, but in fact it's just coming sooner then it's spread over time with those affinity groups. Those affinity groups have big onboard spend patterns and overall we yield in total very nicely on those. Of course we don't have the onboard revenue yield factored in to this at this point in time. So there are a lot of dynamics that can influence what it looks like early. Some of it is just pricing philosophy of a brand and some is just booking patterns and charters and all that can come into play as well as affinity groups to fill out cabin to drive onboard revenue.
Arnold W. Donald: Our policy has been to use the cash flow as collars. We have already I believe 48% of 2016 already collared and the future pricing which is what you have to establish the collars on, is not the same of course as the spot pricing. At this point in time we have seen no advantage to unwinding those collars or anything to that effect. When we looked at it once earlier this year, we would take them and then if we had done it, we would have lost on both ends, unwinding and then setting new collars. And so at this point wouldn't have any particular plans to change but we review it constantly.
Arnold W. Donald: First comment I'd like to make is that our European brands have performed well. So I don't want to leave an impression like they are stumbling and bumbling or anything, they performed well, and as David mentioned, EAA [indiscernible] despite all the stuff we've been talking about, and that has occurred this year, we have seen yield improvement and have seen return improvement. So that's the first comment. The second comment is that Continental Europe has been hit hardest. We have seen, we have the 175th anniversary year for Cunard, that was a very successful year for the Cunard brand. We had the spectacular launch of the Britannia which helped elevate the entire P&O brand. So the U.K. did well, very well this year. And again, AIDA continues to perform in Germany despite capacity introduction from competitors as well as just also the impact of sailings related to geopolitical tensions and so on and so forth. But the brands continue to do well and are doing better collectively than they have in the past and we expect that to continue into next year despite the challenges.
Arnold W. Donald: I would say again, we're not going to give any more guidance for 2016, it's too early for us. But the reality is that Carnival outperformed late last year as well and they continue to outperform throughout this year, the Carnival brand, which is primarily in the Caribbean. They have had an outstanding year with strong demand and strong yield, as reflected in everything we said to this point and reflected on the fact we've raised guidance for the full year. So we have a lot of momentum there and we feel very good about it, but at this point it's too early to give firm yield guidance on anything for 2016.
Arnold W. Donald: Absolutely, yes. All the brands [indiscernible]. We had growth in both sides of the Atlantic, as David pointed out, but the Carnival brand definitely outperformed again, yes.
Arnold W. Donald: Fundamentally for the Carnival brand, to get everyone up to speed, we basically allow people to achieve a certain payout at a lower tier level in the commission structure. That was a combination of one acknowledgment to travel professional partners for the great work and contributions they have made to our success this year, and also just the recognition for the brand and their Carnival conversations discussing the travel professionals, changes that the travel professionals thought would really make a difference and would balance things from their perspective. So it's in response to input from the travel professional partners and the acknowledgment of their contributions and what we thought it would take to help them help us sustain the momentum. Each brand does their own evaluation. The brands have some overlap in travel professional partners. There is also [indiscernible] because the guests are different, and each brand makes its own evaluation, and Carnival brand was starting from a different point, just some of the other brands were so that all of the brands will make independently their decision.
Arnold W. Donald: Everyone, thank you very much again. We appreciate your interest. We feel great about the quarter. We have increased guidance for the year. We feel strongly looking ahead that we are on a good path to deliver the double-digit return on invested capital in the next three to four years. We see solid yield improvements for next year. We'll give you actual yield guidance and stuff in December as well as tighter cost guidance for the future, but we feel very good about the business and the momentum and we thank you for your interest.
David Bernstein: Typically, we say for the current quarter, we're at 85% plus booked. I mean so we are very strongly booked. We gave our best guess. And given the strong close in bookings that we saw in the third quarter is part of the reason why we took up the yield guidance for the fourth quarter. And by the way, we took it up both on the ticket and the onboard side. And so that was the $0.04 improvement that I was talking about in revenue yield for the fourth quarter. So there might be some more upside, but basically we gave you our best shot at the overall yield for the fourth quarter.
David Bernstein: Sure. Harry, on the fourth quarter costs, remember as I commented on the third quarter, what we had indicated was that there was a seasonalization of cost between the third and fourth quarters, so there's about $0.04 of cost that we do still expect to spend for the full year, but we flow it into the fourth quarter, which drove that number up. A lot of that was advertising, and it just has to do with the timing between the quarters.
David Bernstein: Yes. And remember, Harry, we've said this many times in the call before, it's very hard to get the timing of expenses between the quarters correct and you really have to kind of judge us on the full year, and we didn't make any change in the overall cost for the full year, it's just a flip-flop between the quarters.
David Bernstein: We don't have all the details in constant currency in bookings, which is why I gave it to you in constant dollar, but we can clearly see a portion of it, as I indicated in my remarks, for the North American brands was attributed to the transactional currency impact. So that's part of it.
David Bernstein: The pricing would still be down, but less. But overall when you look at this, Felicia, when you look at the whole position, you got to keep in mind that it's not about where we are today, it's about where our goals and what do we want to be at the end of the day when we closeout the first, second, third and fourth quarter of 2016, and we are driving the booking curve ahead, we're well positioned, we said we have less to sell. And so what we are looking to do is to mitigate the discounting that's closer into the sale and to drive yields up for 2016, and we feel very good with all the things that Arnold talked about relative to yield management practices and other things and we feel very confident we'll be able to do that in 2016.
David Bernstein: Keep in mind though, when you start putting all this together, keep in mind that we don't necessarily have to raise prices from where we are to finish-up up. If we discount less as we go forward, which is something we have been talking about for quite a while now, that we will finish the year 2016 with increased yields, as I indicated in my prepared remarks.
David Bernstein: Just as a point of reference, at the midpoint of our September guidance, we'll be about 7% ROIC for 2015.
David Bernstein: Overall, Continental Europe is probably more challenging. When you think about all of the economic difficulties and the geopolitical issues and the growing refugee concerns, that's the area that has had the most challenges in terms of pricing for 2016, but we've had these challenges all year in 2015 to some extent and we are forecasting that we are going to get yield improvement for our EAA brands for 2015. So hopefully despite all these challenges, we'll be able to do that in 2016 as well. And one of the things to keep in mind as well is we are also seeing a transfer, we have announced the Costa Fortuna will be going to Asia in 2016. So Costa will have reduced capacity, which also helps play in less supply in this type of environment which should help yields for 2016.
David Bernstein: And I went through some of the areas, I mean Arnold just talked about the investments that we could potentially make and we'll evaluate, but the other things that I had mentioned in my notes are the fact that while headline inflation is zero, because of commodity prices there is inflation in certain areas of our business and we built that into our 2016 numbers as well. But offsetting all of that, we are looking at leveraging our scale. We had talked about the fact that we saved $70 million to $80 million in 2015 and we're working hard to do something similar for 2016 and we also have some benefit from the reduced drydock days as well. So it's a combination of all those things which let me to give you guidance that cost could be up slightly next year.
David Bernstein: It's really an apples and oranges comparison because in June the comments that we were making related to the back half of 2015, the last two quarters, and the first quarter of 2016, whereas the comments I made here related to the first half of 2016. So because the prior year comparisons are different, it's hard to read in and these are apples and oranges comparison because they are different time periods.
David Bernstein: As we had indicated in the third quarter, I mean we had seen a 20% increase in volume. I mean we were very pleased with the volume but we did say it was at lower prices, so we are driving the booking curve ahead, and overall we believe we'll get yield improvement for 2016.
David Bernstein: In the third quarter, it's about a quarter of our capacity is in the Caribbean and 45% in Europe, and that goes up to 30% in the Caribbean in the fourth quarter and Europe goes down to 30%. So you are right, there are more ships in the Caribbean and less in Europe in total in the fourth quarter than the third, but I think you have to remember that on a year-over-year basis it was a similar trend in 2014. And so when you are comparing year-over-year, you are comparing then apples and apples, and as Arnold indicated, we saw some pretty good yield improvement in the fourth quarter of 2014, and so as a result of that yield improvement, we are guiding to 3% constant currency yield increase in the fourth quarter, which may be down slightly from the third, but remember the fourth quarter last year was higher than the third quarter last year in improvement. So it is a more difficult comparison.
David Bernstein: By moving the booking, driving the booking curve further out, we are actually hoping to have a lot less to sell closer in overall and we are looking at it as a situation where as we have said before, what we want to do is have people book early, it is the best time to book because the pricing will only go up and there won't be last-minute deep discounting to fill those cabins. That's the strategy we've been talking about for about two years now. And so as a result of that, I think we're on the right path towards good yield improvement for 2016.
David Bernstein: And we also, as you can see in our filings, we have got the cash flow collars for 2017 and 2018 as well, and so we are well positioned and well hedged at this point in time, but we continually re-evaluate it as Arnold indicated. Arnold and Mickey and I and Josh Weinstein, our Treasurer, frequently get together and talk about it and take a look at it and review input from other sources as well.
David Bernstein: The sweet spot will vary over time as you would expect, as people change, environments change and those types of things. So I don't think there is a nirvana. That's something that we continue to look at over time and will evaluate that. But where we stand today, as I talked about in my notes, the North American brands were well ahead. So the North American brands are at a higher end of the historical booking curve whereas the EAA brands, which I said were in line with the prior year, while they are still within the historical booking curves, they are at the lower half of the historical booking curve. So it's a mix of two worlds. As we have talked before, the strength of the economy in North America clearly has helped shape the booking curves in the two segments of our business.
David Bernstein: We've given you the ranges before, and as I said, North America is in the higher half and EAA is in the lower half, and for competitive reasons that's all the detail I want to share.
David Bernstein: It's very early to tell, so it's very hard. We have not gone through, we have a difficult time and uptime analyzing it quarter by quarter within 2015, as you saw the timing of expenses between the third and fourth quarters that I referred to. So it's very difficult to tell this early in the year where we are. The one thing that I did mention relating to the first quarter or the first half is that there is a significant transactional currency impact, particularly in the first quarter. And so as you think about next year, keep that in mind.
