Howard Frank: Thank you, [Parma], and good morning, everyone. This is Howard Frank and with me here this morning in Miami is David Bernstein, our Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer; Beth Roberts, our Vice President of Investor Relations; and Micky Arison, our Chairman and Chief Operating Officer. I’m going to comment on the outlook but before I -- 2011 outlook, but before I do that I am going to turn it over to David Bernstein to take you through the fourth quarter color and the cost outlook for 2011.
Howard Frank: Again, I think that the outlook I provided I think recognizes the significant increase in European capacity this coming summer season. So, no, not really, we have no concern about the outlook. We are pretty confident that with the outlook and we do think Europe may be a little bit more challenging but that’s factored into our guidance right now.
Howard Frank: You know, I think, it’s going to, actually be the reverse. I think if you think about it over the last several years we as an industry have added a huge amount of additional capacity. And in my mind, I’m not sure everybody agrees with me, I think that capacity or supply has outstripped demand. Now it’s exacerbated by obviously the very difficult economies we’ve had during the last couple of years. I think if you believe the economic forecasters and we talk about a 3% to 4% growth in GDP in North America next year and getting back to some growth in Europe. I think the slowing capacity is a positive sign for us and I think demand will start to catch up with the capacity that we have added over the last several years. So I think it’s a sign that we should see some good growth in ticket prices as we go forward. And I think that is what we are forecasting for this year. I think it might even be better in 2012 and beyond.
Howard Frank: No. I don’t, I think if, it – when you have these huge fast spikes it’s easier to perhaps justify the fuel surcharge. I don’t see that in the cards though not based on where we see fuel for this year.
Howard Frank: Right. And 2012 about the same. So it’s about 5%, just under 5% in each of those two years according to our data. Now we do a weighted average set of numbers so our numbers are perhaps a little bit more refined than yours, I’m not quite sure what you are looking at.Janet Brashear – Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Howard Frank: And we do ramp up marketing costs in the first quarter and that could be a role in terms of roll up of the numbers.
Howard Frank: It’s more than offset by corporate G&A, so it’s just one small part of the overall corporate group. We run these small profitable -- they are profitable businesses but they are small.
Howard Frank: We run the data in a couple of different ways and so for the, if you look at the last six weeks’ booking trends they’re really no different than the last 13 weeks….
Howard Frank: Alaska and Mexico, well, I think, I indicated, I think bookings, pricing is up year-over-year in Europe and I believe in Mexico as well.
Howard Frank: It’s a very small part of our, I mean Mexican, when I talk about Mexico, I’m talking about West Coast Mexico, it’s a small part of our business at that point in time. But Alaska is strong and Caribbean is strong and Europe is strong.
Howard Frank: I am getting signals from Beth on the Caribbean book because specifically I don’t recall, but I would say this. In the first quarter, there is -- I would say that -- my recollection was that, because I said late bookings have been solid actually, in fact, actually up year-over-year. Some of that’s got to be Caribbean on a broader sense. I think Caribbean is holding its own and sequentially seems to be getting better in the second quarter on a year-over-year basis. So I think that is probably fair and I think that is about all I can recall because there is so much data that we look at. But Caribbean was holding its own basically and maybe slightly better year-over-year. And that could be attributable to the winter -- the tough winter or early winters we are experiencing up north and so on, but clearly the situation -- it’s stable to up I would say, it’s probably fair to say.
Howard Frank: It’s done better relative to -- it has improved relative to the prior Caribbean. In other words, it has gotten better, having gotten worse.
Howard Frank: I did say this about the first quarter, that right now North America brands are flat year-over-year on pricing and there is very little inventory left to sell.
Howard Frank: We have forecasted flat to down slightly for North America for the quarter. And I said in my comments, I put perhaps in there because there is nothing that suggests that we will be down but that is what the operating companies are telling us. So that is why we kind of hedged it a little bit. It may be okay. So that included that firming -- the firming of the late bookings has helped.
Howard Frank: Based on the amount of dividend questions we get I get the sense that people don’t believe that it really is a Board decision. We have a very independent group of Board members and we are not going to preempt them. And we are going to let them make the decision and then we will make our announcement.
Howard Frank: Tim, on the question of -- I think what you asked on the price points are premium pricing doing better or worse than contemporary pricing for our different brands. It’s really a hard, I mean we have so many brands and whether they are on this side of the Atlantic or the other side of the Atlantic it’s hard to say other than to tell you that I think this past year premium pricing came back nicely, my recollection is, in North America and was stronger in its improvements than contemporary pricing. I think going forward I think it’s going to be more or less the same that both premium and contemporary pricing are showing good improvement here in North America as well as in Europe.
Howard Frank: I am going to have my colleague, Beth Roberts, answer that question because that is something -- that is beyond my pay grade, is that what they say? Only look at North America really.
Howard Frank: I think they have put a lot more investment into their direct sales program. They see a lot more benefit from it. I think when you look at our business model, there is multiple brands in different countries around the world and with different percentages of direct business. So I don’t think they are really comparable to what they are doing. I think in the last couple of years they have made a concerted effort to get more direct business and to work for their business and that’s it.
Howard Frank: What I said on the third quarter, I said that there is really not a huge amount of business booked at this point in time. There is still a huge amount of business to be booked. We do get a lot of that business beginning during wave season. But for the business that we have booked already that pricing was up nicely in both North America and European markets.
Howard Frank: I think we are -- let me just say this, we are approximately 50% booked, which is similar to where we were last year.
Howard Frank: Yeah. I made a comment not specifically about, because we haven’t booked much, if any, business for 2012 yet except maybe for some long world cruises. But that if the economy continues to strengthen as it’s forecasted to in 2011 in the 3% to 4% range I would expect that with the diminished amount of capacity coming in to the cruise industry that we could see some positive yield growth again in 2012.
Howard Frank: Thank you all for your questions. And with that, we will wrap it up. We want to wish you all a happy and healthy holiday season and a good 2011. All the best.
David Bernstein: We’ve put out a position on that and if that position changes we’ll put out another statement. But we put out a statement January 7, ‘10, is that right? So since that time our position hasn’t changed. And for follow-up questions we’d like to limit it to two questions per person if we can.
David Bernstein: Well, overall, we have always talked about we have gotten some economies of scale from the new ships. First of all, as you increase capacity from a shore-side perspective you do get economies of scale there and then when the ships that are coming in, like the ones, three of the four are larger than the average ships, they do provide some economies to scale. But that’s a very with three ships and 98 ships in our fleet those economies of scale are a very small portion of the overall benefit that we are seeing. One of the big benefits from a lot of the new ships is that the newer ships are more fuel efficient than the existing fleet and that’s something that, we’re seeing lower fuel consumption per berth day as a result of that and some of the benefit that we have rolled into our guidance is due to the newer ships.
David Bernstein: No. The increase in costs in Q1 is not due to the Carnival Splendor. We did have the voyage disruption but obviously the profitability is out. When you look at costs in Q1, one of the things you have to factor in is we had the gain on the sale of the ship last year so the costs in Q1 are actually, I think, down 1%, they were up 3% to 4% and…
David Bernstein: Yeah. It’s flat to up 1%, correct without the Artemis gain. We are looking at flat for overall for the year but you have to keep in mind that any one quarter is not a great indication of the overall cruise costs because you do have SG&A and other expenses that are not necessarily spread evenly throughout the year and in wave season you might see some extra advertising or something like that depending on the circumstance.
David Bernstein: No. There really isn’t any restatement. What we’ve called cruise, our Cruise segment or combined cruise historically we broke into three pieces. And the first two was obvious, the third piece is a combination really of two things, one, it’s our corporate office, for instance, Micky, Howard and I are not included…
David Bernstein: … in any of the brands’ numbers and of course, we have a couple of cruise facilities that we operate, that we own and operate, things like Grand Turk, Puerta Maya, Roatan and Long Beach. And those operations are also part of corporate, so all of the corporate items we have thrown into Cruise Support. That’s the way we look at the business and we’re going to be giving you the data in the same way that we look at it.
David Bernstein: There were some very small amounts of revenue in those numbers and you’ll see that in the segment reporting.
David Bernstein: Yeah. And Robin, you’re going to get, when we put this segment out you will get the year-over-year. I mean you’ll see what the last year was as well because we’ll provide a couple of year’s worth of data.
David Bernstein: No, no, restatement because the combination of all three is exactly what we were doing before with the Cruise segment. We just broke the Cruise segment into three parts.
David Bernstein: I think, Howard, just answered that question basically. The booking pattern has stayed the same. The only point we were making in the press release is historically when you have early cold snaps in the north here. Generally speaking, that starts to get people thinking about getting away to warmer climates and obviously we have a lot of warm weather cruises. So we would anticipate that that would help boost the wave but it’s not something you see instantly. But we’re hopeful that that will just reinforce what we expect to be a pretty good wave season.
David Bernstein: The onboard component, this year we got about a 2% overall increase and next year we are looking for something like 2.5% overall. Keep in mind in the first quarter, we had a couple of one-time items which, as a result, when you take that out the increase is actually a lot higher, as Howard had mentioned in his notes. So we are seeing a gradual improvement in the consumer and expecting the onboards to go up throughout the year. And we are also taking lots of steps to make things better ourselves. We’re not just waiting for the consumer, adding various things on our ship, things like facial recognition in the photo, karaoke with live bands on some of the Carnival ships. We are even adding things like the carotene hair straightening treatments on a lot of our ships. So we are looking to expand the various offerings and to increase the revenue yields.
David Bernstein: Tim, as to the dividend, really as Micky said before, it’s a Board decision. We’re going to be talking to the Board in January and when we have more news we will disclose it.
David Bernstein: And the third quarter is -- last year was two-thirds of our profitability. And as we look into 2011, it’s not significantly changing from that level.
David Bernstein: So I am not sure -- they are not changing just because we are giving different segments.Ian Rennardson – Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: No. Yeah. I was thinking more about giving as the -- I suppose we are getting to the EEA. It would be absolutely even better if you could give us what you do by U.K., by Germany, your big brands over there because they are different currencies and stuff but you know…
David Bernstein: Well, we do give you the individual currencies but as far the -- we don’t disclose brand by brand details because these are the three major Cruise segments.
David Bernstein: Well, let’s start with the unit cost. Yeah, we did do about 1.5 point better than we did last year. But I think a lot of that stems from the fact that we were able to achieve things with suppliers that was significantly better than we had anticipated in the guidance. Plus on top of it this year what we are starting to see is as the economy turns it’s a little bit better world out there. So I mentioned before we are starting to see inflationary pressures in certain areas. So we are finding ways to get that out of the system and keep costs flat. Our brands are working on hundreds of different items to save costs. So we gave you what we anticipated to be the most realistic cost guidance for the year. But we are never going to stop. If there is an opportunity to do better than that, just like last year, we will find a way and we will get the costs out of the system.
David Bernstein: She took out her calculator which means it’s very close. We can -- why don’t we go on (inaudible) question and then…
David Bernstein: We have been working very hard to make things much more efficient with the travel agent. One of the things -- as we continue to automate everything with the travel agents, I think we are approaching 60% of our bookings with travel agents are now taking on an automated basis. So we’ve been focusing very heavily on that in terms of reducing cost.
David Bernstein: Yeah. As far as the booking windows are concerned, it did shorten after the financial crisis and then it came back in 2009. Probably by the middle of 2009, the booking window was back to its historic levels and it’s moved around a little bit since then, but really hasn’t changed significantly. One of the things that everybody looks to in terms of the booking window is we are never going to get too far ahead or too far behind because we would adjust the prices. We don’t want to be too far ahead because then we are leaving money on the table. So the booking window is within historic norms and it has been since mid ‘09.
David Bernstein: Cancellations, yeah, we haven’t seen anything unusual in terms of cancellation rates throughout all our brands for quite a while for the same time period.
David Bernstein: Yeah. That’s okay. Yeah, you will have each line item down to operating income, so you will have the detail and you will have CapEx as well by segment.Rick Lyall – John W. Bristol: Okay. That’s a good development. Thanks for doing that.
Micky Arison: Yeah. Sometimes that marketing cost gets pulled back if wave is very strong. So it’s hard to tell but generally the marketing costs are bigger in the first quarter than any other quarter.
Micky Arison: All I would say is that post the financial crisis our Board has -- I think as many have, become more conservative and so I wouldn’t want to preempt the Board. If after this next Board meeting, they agree to some sort of going forward position as far as payout ratio, we will announce it. If they don’t and want to keep their flexibility, then we won’t. So I don’t want to preempt the Board. It’s clearly a Board decision, it’s something that’s heavily discussed and debated and we will go through that in mid-January and advise you of a decision at that time.
Micky Arison: Yeah. The guidance hasn’t changed. I wouldn’t -- it’s anecdotal right now. The guidance -- if it was significant, the guidance would have changed.
Micky Arison: I think it’s -- going to the last part of your question first, I think it’s kind of baked into the numbers. You know, when we talk about -- we have gotten a lot of questions about the Caribbean. And really the issues in the Caribbean are at this time of year created by that seasonality. It’s something like 75,000 to 80,000 more beds in the Caribbean in quarter one than there is in quarter three. It’s almost like the Las Vegas Strip moving into the Caribbean for the quarter and obviously that will have an impact and create more seasonality. But it’s now baked into the numbers so year-over-year it’s 15%. It’s just a fraction of that 80,000.
Micky Arison: Direct sales as a percent of revenue was 17% in ‘09. We don’t have the ‘10 data yet. I would expect some slow growth that has -- the last many, many years has been growing slowly. So I would anticipate that that would continue. But my guess is it would still be in the high teens.
Micky Arison: Visibility is very, very similar. The only time we had a lot less visibility was coming off the financial crisis.
Micky Arison: Very, very good bounce back and it’s doing very well. Both Brazil and Argentina have come back strongly. I think there was a massive capacity increase last year, capacity increase this year is relatively small and the fact that a little bit more capacity was dedicated to Argentina, I think helped as well, so much, much better.Rick Lyall – John W. Bristol: Okay.
Beth Roberts: Our guidance for the year does get better after you get through the first quarter -- half is stronger.
Beth Roberts: But I think the weighting is kind of like two-thirds to the euro or maybe a little more to the euro versus the pound.Ian Rennardson – Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Fantastic. Thank you.
Beth Roberts: And before we go on to the next question, I will just comment on the revenue yields for the premium versus the contemporary segment. It says that the premium segment, which did have a stronger fall off of the 2008 levels, is still trailing the contemporary segment.
