Howard Frank: Thank you Sarah. Good morning everyone. With me here in Miami is David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer and Senior VP of Finance; Beth Roberts, our Vice President of Investor Relations; and Micky Arison, our Chairman and CEO. I'm going to turn the first part of this all over to David, and he will take you through the color during the second quarter and talk about costs going forward. David.
Howard Frank: I mean, we are now – we have been running this lower occupancy, and actually have been pricing lower. I think principally what is happening is that there the yield – and it varies by brand, but the yield management people are working on getting stronger pricing for the quarter. They are less concerned about the lower occupancies. The booking pace has been good for the fourth quarter as I indicated. So they are pretty confident that they are going to get to the yield numbers that I gave, and they feel pretty good about the situation. I think there was a little bit of a hiccup, I would call it, if you refer to time back in May, and I think the pace has now picked up again, and I think they are feeling pretty comfortable as they go forward for the fourth quarter. But we were running behind in the fourth quarter. Really, as I can recall, I think throughout the year, and we never really pressed to pick up the pace because we were really focusing on getting better pricing, and that seems to be happening.
Howard Frank: There is one more comment, I should add that bookings pace has picked up for the fourth-quarter without having to give away any price. So we have been able to – it has been a successful strategy.
Howard Frank: Rick, I'm not sure I understand your southern European question, other than fortunately we don't carry a lot of Greek passengers. The Gulf cruises have been virtually unaffected by the spill. We are operating and passengers are not even aware of it. The ships are navigating around it. There might be a slight increase in fuel consumption, because we had to navigate around what may be the worst areas, but the ships are being inspected every time they return to the US. We haven't had to clean a haul once, yet, we have seen no slowdown in booking pattern. Clearly we are offering an outstanding vacation option for people in that region, and one that they don't have to concern themselves with the spill during their vacation. We are, in an attempt to try to help the region, we are encouraging on Carnival’s website people stay a day or two before and after the cruise in the region to try to kind of stimulate tourism in the region. But from our point of view it hasn't affected business at all.
Howard Frank: Remember, we took a delivery of an AIDA ship this winter. We took delivery of a Costa ship this winter, right after two ships last spring from Costa, and we have absorbed that capacity with no deterioration of yield. So, Europe is performing I would say fantastically.
Howard Frank: As you have asked the question David, David Bernstein is going through his book now to see if he can give you some direction.
Howard Frank: We don’t have any. I am sorry, but the age of our fleet is much younger than you characterize, the only thing I would say is that we have two very large ships on order for Carnival cruise. I think we have two very large ships on order for Princess. We have said that going forward ’13 and beyond that our CapEx will be lower – significantly lower than it has been in recent years, probably 2 to 3 ships a year. And that is what you can anticipate.
Howard Frank: Assia, did you make the comment and I am not sure I heard you right that the Carnival brand was driving the pricing improvement in the third quarter.
Howard Frank: And I think all brands, all North American brands, all the major North American brands Holland America, Princess, their pricing is also nicely up.
Howard Frank: It didn’t – everybody seem to be asking these questions about Europe but it didn’t seem to impact Europe at all.
Howard Frank: I think the European consumer is a – it’s a much more stable consumer. It doesn’t have a lot of consumer debt. There is not a lot of consumer debt there, there are not a lot of credit card debt. There are strong social systems that support the Europeans. So in a way they, the whole psychology is the vacations are really right at the top of their list of priorities or how they spend their money. So I think it is a very different consumer and their behavior is different, and I think this is another way of seeing how it is manifested. It’s really very interesting, especially when you talk about the whole sovereign debt crisis and we talk to our colleagues in Europe and they’re all concerned about it, but they didn’t see it affect their business that much, which is, I mean, the consumer, the day-to-day consumer or the market doesn’t really think that much about it.
Howard Frank: Tim, on the ECA issue, I think a large part of those costs are related to failings in Alaska and to some degree Hawaii. We don’t have that much capacity in Hawaii, and we’re still working to see if we can get some deferral of the implementation of the ECA in those waters. I don’t know if we will successful but it’s something we’re working on.
Howard Frank: Well, it gets very complicated but there is the whole concept of reducing consumption or equivalencies if you will of other ways of saving or having less pollution in the eco-zones. And by the way relative to the St. Lawrence Seaway, we’re also working with the Canadian authorities, local Canadian authorities to see if we can get some help in that area, but it gets to be very complicated. We are working. We are trying to mitigate it to the extent possible. So hopefully what David has given you is the worse – is the worst-case thesis, and hopefully it will be less than that.
Howard Frank: And we’re also working on the scrubber technology but that’s not with a whole lot of success yet, but I think it’s – we are still working on it. We are working with a number of companies in the area, as are many of our competitors in the cruise industry. So, we’re trying to find other solutions to this issue.
Howard Frank: You’d think that it is a little bit different and we’ve got these really unprecedented levels of unemployment that we’re all dealing with in North America, and an economy that’s recovering but not quickly, not dramatically, and I think it’s reflected in – what we are seeing in the business, and I think it may be a longer haul recovery, and I think that’s what the kind of our model – we’re modeling on a longer haul basis as we look at our yields and saying, this is not all going to come back in a year or two. It may take another year or even more. So I think it’s going to be a long haul.
Howard Frank: Yes, I think the current administration and even the Congress is taking, you know, some of these things that you’re doing is really going to hurt the consumer. There is no question about it. And we’ll feel that. So that will slow the recovery as well. It’s surprising because you think the one thing that they would be working on is jobs, and getting more jobs and that you have to pump money in the economy to do that, and – but that’s not what’s happening. It’s just reverse. We’re taking money of it.
Howard Frank: Yes, I think hopefully everything suggests that the worst is over. They’re certainly limiting the amount of oil coming out right now, and hopefully by mid-August or even earlier we will have it fully cut off. So I think the worst is over. Brian, I haven’t heard your name in a long, long time.
Howard Frank: We didn’t say that. Carnival Cruise Lines change their air policies not to sell let’s say air deviations, because air is such a small piece of their business, but all the other brands are still, have made no change and Carnival still sells its traditionally Fly Away non-deviated [ph] program. So, you know, it’s a very small piece of our business. I don’t know what the percentage of it.
Howard Frank: Yes, Carnival Cruise Lines just eliminated one part of their air program, and that’s all that was announced. We didn’t announce anything across the board.
Howard Frank: You know, you never – it is hard to predict, but you know, Janet, the European consumer tends to be – have more ability to consume in these environment, because they’re not as strong out as in North America. They don’t have the housing issue that we still continue to have in North America. They don’t have the larger mortgages as we have in North America. It is a very different consumer.
Howard Frank: Yes. So, I don’t think so. I mean, we found over the years that the European consumer is far more resilient than their North American counterparts.
Howard Frank: Well, the curve is about at the same levels as last year. There is no discernible difference. It kind of moves, sometimes it moves above the line, sometimes it moves below the line. I don’t not exactly where it is right now, but it’s more or less about the same.
Howard Frank: Thank you all very much for your good questions, and as you know, Beth is available to answer calls and provide any more details that you may need, that she’s able to do after the call, and I look forward to seeing you everybody soon. Have a great day.
David Bernstein: Yes, since the end of the quarter, Felicia, you know, here at corporate we don't get all the detailed reports by voyage, by brand. So, the latest information I have is as of the end of May for the second quarter. Overall, essentially all of the categories except for casino was up in the second quarter, and we're expecting that trend to continue throughout the rest of the year.
David Bernstein: Yes, Robin, it is really just the rounding error. And remember, when you give guidance, you know, in a range of 2% to 3% you can go up by 0.1 or 0.2, and you don't necessarily change your whole range. So it really is just rounding.
David Bernstein: No, no. That had always been in our EPS guidance since December. It may have changed by a million or two, but it has been there since the beginning. We expected it all along.
David Bernstein: Rick, we always look at that, but fortunately for us we have a significant number, I think right now we have seven export credits available to us going forward that are at even lower yields, and lower interest rates than most bonds. So we're in very good shape. We don't have any financing needs, but we do consistently look at that on an ongoing basis.
David Bernstein: David, if you want to compare back to the prior year, it is 3.2 today, it was 2.9 a year ago in May, and we got hurt a little bit on FX rates because the dollar did get stronger, and remember that was more than offset by the capacity increase, and then of course the big difference was the pricing increase, because the prices that we are getting today for the back half of the year are up considerably versus the prior year. So those are the big swings, and it nets to an increase of almost 400 million.
David Bernstein: We also have the Nieuw Amsterdam being delivered for Holland America later on this month, and next year at this time a new, a third in a series of Seabourn ships to the North America, principally the North America.
David Bernstein: What’s interesting is even during this period when the market was falling, the onboard revenue yields were even up more in North America than they were in Europe. I had indicated that was up 4.6% for North American brands in the second quarter and 3.2% for the European brands. So despite what was going on people were still out there spending.
David Bernstein: ECA, as far as ECA is concerned Tim, you know, we did disclose in our 10-K that for 2012 the impact on our fuel costs would be somewhere in the range of $50 million to $70 million, which took into account not only the North American ECA, but other rules and regulations around the world.
David Bernstein: And I think as far as new technologies and things it’s more of a longer-term strategy, and the shorter term is the deferral and reduced fuel consumption which we continue to work on.
David Bernstein: And in fact I think it was last quarter that Princess implemented their easy air [ph], where you can now book either our standard air program or restricted air at the time of booking for the cruise to make it easier for the consumer. So, each brand has got their own strategy that’s appropriate for them.
David Bernstein: As far as what’s left to sell, I mean, we don’t give out the exact booking, advance booking percentages, but typically for the next quarter, which in this case would be the third quarter, we are always 85% to 95% booked two quarters out, which is the fourth quarter. Our historical range is 55% to 75% booked, and for three quarters out, which would be the first quarter, traditionally we are in the range of 30% to 50% booked and we’re still in those historical ranges.
David Bernstein: The dividend is a board decision. The board, of course, takes up the dividend at every meeting because they do have to declare it. The board is well aware of the financial situation with the company, as well as the reduced CapEx next year, and you know, I don’t want to predict what the board will say, but they will make an appropriate decision at the right time to change the dividend. I don’t want to project what they’ll say or what they’ll decide.
David Bernstein: Well, basically we do give the cruise costs out in current dollars. So, for instance, when I was talking about like for the second quarter being down 4.9% that is in current dollars. I don’t have the overall cost in terms of the costs themselves but typically what we do say is that if the US Dollar strengthens or weakens by about 10% versus all currencies, it impacts our bottom line by about $160 million or $0.20 a share. So since we’ve got so much of our revenue in foreign currencies as well as cost there is a – there are offsetting factors there and the impact is $0.20.
Micky Arison: No, I mean in terms of those markets. They have been fine. They have been solid all the way through. We haven't seen any discernible change in demand in continental Europe.
Micky Arison: Remember, as we get bigger and this is an important factor that everybody has to understand, as we get bigger and bigger and bigger in our European brands, this will become more and more seasonal. And so, our advance ticket deposits at the end of the second quarter is always going to be significantly higher than at the end of the year. I mean, it is just the way the business is going to be, and the reality is as we grow the European brands, you can expect lower earnings in the first quarter, and more earnings in the third quarter. It is just going to be a more seasonal business because the European business is so seasonal.
Micky Arison: Well, I think the way to answer your question is I think that strategy brought forward some business, which is a logical conclusion of that kind of marketing strategy that people would book earlier to take advantage of the lower pricing before the price increase. So I think that worked very well and as far as I know all the pricing that was taken at that time has held.
Micky Arison: You have to remember that as we said on the prior call, we said Europe bookings for the North American brands and Alaska bookings for the North American brands pricing wise was very strong, particularly during the wave period.
Micky Arison: What we tended to see and Howard I think mentioned it in his notes is that our premium North American brands tend to be more sensitive, and longer cruises, more premium and luxury type cruises, and to be more affected by market volatility and gyrations, and so in the month of May we felt some of that.
Micky Arison: I am going to take a pass on the first part of your question and kind of defer to my 2 to 3 years starting in ’13 and kind of leave it at that.
Micky Arison: Well, the world is so different now that the size of our business, the global nature of our business, it’s so hard to translate past. I mean, historically we bounced back in two to three years.
Micky Arison: So, – but it’s so hard to make the comparison and, you know, if you were to tell me six months ago that we’d have to be dealing with volcanoes and earthquakes and oil spills, and have to navigate through that in a quarter. I mean, if you look at our risk section, I don’t think Volcano was in that, and you think we will throw the kitchen sink at it, and somehow we’ve been able to navigate through that. Our guys have done a great job, and all I can say is that you know, we’ll recover as quickly as demand will allow us to, and that really depends on a lot of things, clearly the economy and how the economy does is going to be a factor, just like it’s going to be a factor for all leisure businesses.
Micky Arison: You know, we saw, the interesting comment we saw from an analyst right after the announcement was that our volumes, in the press release we set a slightly up versus last year, and the comment was that last year was a disaster, and I think everybody forgets that we had a huge bounce back in March of last year in volumes. Now, that was at much lower prices, but our volumes were extraordinarily strong from March on last year.
Micky Arison: They were up 26%, and when we said we’re up slightly, we were talking volume year-over-year at higher prices. So we took that as a very bullish statement and immediately, the analyst came out and said it was a negative statement. So it’s very interesting, I mean, the reality is that the bounce back was very strong. It happened very quickly because if you consider the financial crisis in September to be bouncing back as strong as we did in March, albeit at much lower prices, I think it was a very encouraging sign that the consumer viewed our product as a very, very value-oriented product, and one that has great value.
Micky Arison: You can tell me what the economy is going to do over the next 12 months. I’ll tell you, but, you know, it really is very, very –
Micky Arison: One other thing that everybody is talking about is austerity, you know, budget issues, raising taxes, whether it’s in the UK or the US, and obviously you raise taxes, that’s going to have a negative impact on the consumer.
Micky Arison: I guess what we’re saying is – and I think we’ve said this all along is we’re much more susceptible to geopolitical events than our business itself, and all we can say is that the economy is weak that we will outperform other forms of leisure, and I think we proved that time and time again, but not – but we will be impacted.
Micky Arison: We don’t believe that should be necessary. Even if there is an oil issue that there is a cleaning process. If you go through to clean the oil as they come in and out of port. So we would – it would delay our arrivals and departures and we’d have to adjust for that, but as I said to date, we have not had to clean at all, which is a testament to the captains and their ability to maneuver around this thing, and hopefully as we get close at August, this thing will get capped and we can all move on.
Micky Arison: I think we’re also losing sight of the fact that it still despite the growth an under penetrated market, and still significantly behind North America as far as penetration, and so it there is still a lot of growth left.
Micky Arison: We haven’t seen any concern. Obviously, if there was an issue, an issue in Athens, we would just divert around it. We do not use Athens as a home port. So we really don’t have an issue there. No, it’s not a – it hasn’t been a problem. If there was any problem at all as we said earlier was the premium brands saw some hiccup during the severe volatility in May in the markets.
