Arnold Donald: Good morning, Steve. Yes. So as David pointed out, the $0.13 beat in quarter 1, $0.05, was just the timing of expenses between the quarters. The $0.05 was the revenue improvement in the first quarter, which we passed through to the year, and then the balance in the -- for us is kind of just rounding. So we always give you our best guidance. We simply rolled up the guidance around it to the nearest $0.05. In terms of the environment, we're always anticipating that there -- it's a volatile world. There are things that can go on. We maintain our balance -- our guidance around yield for the balance of the year and so that's how it came up. 
Arnold Donald: That was a -- there's a general -- now, you've got to put all this in context, right, because we had a really strong year last year. And so this is all on top of that and we're also trying to optimize revenue and yield as David mentioned. But generally speaking, San Juan is much more of a drag than the rest of the Eastern Caribbean in terms of where we are, but overall, I have to emphasize to you that things are strong and we feel really good about it. So it is a little bit of a hurricane malaise overhang. We had most of the first part of '18 booked already, although we did account last year for -- in the fourth quarter of last year when we had the call, we accounted for a little bit of impact from hurricane on future bookings. But the first part was pretty much booked, so we're starting to experience some of that now. But frankly, we're doing really well. We see a lot of strength there. The guests are having a great time. And there is a lot of media noise around San Juan in particular as people continue to focus on the infrastructure overall in Puerto Rico, which I think is a bit of a overhang for us. 
Arnold Donald: But our revenue management's signed. We're well positioned to finish strong overall in the Caribbean and in the Eastern Caribbean. 
Arnold Donald: No. They would be separate, but they're all around the same principle, which is to enhance the guest experience. Ocean Medallion is a holistic change. It's not an app, right? It changes every system on the ship. It redefines the roles of the crew, et cetera. We have on Regal, it's installed. Caribbean Princess is coming next. We have 8 ships in total now in the Princess fleet that are Ocean-ready. But we're doing a slow ramp-up on purpose. We want to make this -- it's a holistic change. We want to make sure that the platform is stable, that we repeat it a lot and we scale so we can discover whatever issues there might be. And we're having a lot of fun watching guests' reactions as we slowly introduce it. We're not under any pressure or rush. We're not fixing a problem that existed before. Our guests are very happy with the Princess experience. And this is all guest-centric stuff. So we've had some tremendous gains from it already in terms of the experience with MedallionNet as I articulated in the opening comments. So we feel very good about it. We are going to ramp it up slowly. We're excited to get it on another ship and give guests the experience and have the Regal continue its ramp-up as she goes over for our European itineraries. So that's where we are on that. The other apps -- we have 9 brands. They're all innovative. We've got a number of different things, different demands around the world. Each brand has a different psychographic segment it's catering to. And so a lot of the apps in the tube are all on the same principle, how do we enhance the guest experience so we consistently exceed our guest expectations? And it's becoming a positive tailwind. We've got nice lift in -- overall from a number of these things in areas like communications and other onboard areas as we do more targeted marketing, et cetera, which is driven by some of the capability that technologies give the crew. 
Arnold Donald: Yes. I think the most important part, Felicia, is that we're doing really well in the Caribbean and we're coming off a record year. We are doing, overall, very well. We are very confident about where we're sitting, even with the Eastern Caribbean, but on balance in the Caribbean overall. And occasionally, you're going to have an area or a few itineraries -- I mean, that happens every year, as David already mentioned, somewhere in the world and those are just things we normally manage through, but the underlying fundamental is very strong. And it's clear. In this case, it's not at all capacity-driven. It's other issues and we have successfully increased yields. Last year, [indiscernible] capacity increased in the Caribbean and we're doing it again this year. 
Arnold Donald: Yes, we always work hard to beat our guidance. And absolutely on -- even within the Caribbean, we can, we've got a ways to go here, and so we can perform -- outperform there, even more than we already are. But certainly, with everything else in the world, we are ahead overall, globally, so. 
Arnold Donald: We have another hurricane season coming, so maybe it'll be quiet, maybe it won't, but we always have to factor in -- that things can go upside down. 
Arnold Donald: We don't know. We got a lot of itineraries, a lot of brands and a lot of world markets, and things change every year, right? So I wouldn't try to predict when we would see that. What I will tell you this year, as I said on the opening of the call, if you exclude China, overall, we are ahead on both. And the China mix shift between full ship charters and group sales is the only reason why we're not reporting overall, being ahead on both. So that's for this year. And we're ahead, as David mentions really early, as he said for '19. But so far, we're ahead on both, for the first half of '19 as well. But we're not giving guidance on '19 yet, obviously. But -- so things are strong. Our job is to just create the demand in excess of the measured capacity growth to make certain our brands are consistently exceeding guest expectations. We -- our markets everywhere in the world that are underpenetrated, everywhere in the world, including here in North America, still including in the Caribbean. And so we have great fundamentals as long as we continue to drive demand, debunk the myths about cruising, and make it easier for people to book a cruise and then make sure, certain they have a fantastic time once they're on board. We're going to continue to do well. 
Arnold Donald: And practically speaking, what -- we'll never truly get to the optimal. I mean, it's always a moving target and what is optimal patterns this year wouldn't necessarily be the same one for the next year, so we'll always be chasing it. But as long as we're continuously getting better, then we're moving in the right direction. 
Arnold Donald: Again, we -- it's tough to predict those things. It's easy to say at some point, it's almost certain that we will be cruising back with a large -- some of our itineraries in places that previously were very high-yielding itineraries, and that includes the Black Sea, as well as what you're referencing now. But when that's going to happen exactly, the world is a strange and mysterious place, and we'll have to see. But we're prepared to take guests where they want to go, which is usually, they only want to go places that is safe to go and it's comfortable to go. But we'll take guests where they want to go, as long we're allowed to do that. But to predict when that would happen, the reality is there's always going to be -- there has always been, can't say what always will be. There have always been pockets where you -- it was great, then you couldn't go, then you went back and that's just [indiscernible]. Notwithstanding that, we are underpenetrated in every market in the world, not just us, but the industry is. Just keep in mind, we only represent -- all the cabins represent up to 2% of the hotel rooms. And the vast majority of travelers are not cruising every year by a long shot, meaning they have never cruised. So we have great opportunity. For us, our planning, as you know, we are very comfortable with our capacity growth in the coming years. We've been consistent with our execution around measured capacity growth. And we're spreading that growth over a number of brands, an increasing number of geographic regions, and we're very careful where and when we add capacity. We're going to strive to drive yield increases at rates that we recently achieved, or even higher. In the end that may or may not happen, but we do have a bit of a cushion in the future, and future is of capacity itself is the driver for earnings growth and for cost containment. So we can achieve similar earnings growth rates at lower rates of increases in yields, but of course, we're going to strive for even greater earnings growth by driving both the occupancy and the yields. 
Arnold Donald: In terms of inching back, no, the brands plan our itineraries 2 years out, in some cases, even more. And so again as we read the tea leaves, we will go where guests want to go. I'm cautiously optimistic, some of those high-yield itineraries will be coming back in the next 3 to 5 years. Of course, there's markets like Cuba. And Cuba is still small, relatively, but it is expanding now. We were the first, as you know, very proud and happy about that. But the industry is going there and we're expanding our itineraries in Cuba. And that's a growth area. And then, of course, over the near term, there is still China. 
Arnold Donald: Again, we'll continue to repurchase. We have an authorization from the board now, and we'll continue to repurchase shares on an opportunistic basis as we have in the past. We continue to grow our dividend, as you know. Our debt/equity ratio is very strong. There's no reason for us to make it a lot stronger. So yes, we can look at leveraging up while maintaining a very healthy debt/equity ratio to look for ways to return cash to shareholders even through increasing dividends and or -- through share repurchase. 
Arnold Donald: Yes. And concerning the second part of your question -- was it worse than we anticipated or anything like that? Absolutely not. Again, I don't even want to leave a color on the Eastern Caribbean like it's bad. It's really not. I mean. We had great growth last year. We are still booking, and so on and so forth, and we'll see it through to the end. But it's a strong market on top of a record year. And the Western Caribbean is even stronger, and so the Caribbean overall is very strong. The guests are having a fantastic time. We got a couple of little pockets that we have to address, in terms of perceptions and stuff, but we're doing that, and I wouldn't want you guys walking away from this call thinking there's weakness in the Caribbean, because that's just not true. 
Arnold Donald: Sure. China, as you know, is a B2B market, much more than a true consumer market. And so the full ship charters, the way it's going to work if you want to imagine it is, January full ship charter would get booked at 100%, even though the cruise wouldn't happen until June. Now when they book that full ship charter with us, there may have been no guests booked at all. And so you're recording 100% in January for a June sailing. With group sales -- so you're busting that up now, with group sales, you may have 10% of people that have actually booked, okay? So you could be actually ahead on bookings. But instead of recording 100%, you're only recording 10% at that point in time, because the rest is going to come when the group sales are actually activated. And so that's the dynamic that causes the shift. In terms of why do that, we're doing 2 things. We're expanding distribution. And in doing so, we're also, as part of that, trying to go more to the group sales. We think overall it gives us greater clarity, it lowers the risk, the concentration of risk. And that full ship charter may have booked at 100%, but then later in the year, they may have come back and said, "Hey, we were only able to book it full because we had to drop the price which was different than the price we agreed to you with, we'd like a credit, can you help us out?" So on and so forth, so. Even though you recorded it, then there's claims and credits on the back end. So with the group sales and the distribution across more distributors, we're cautiously optimistic, that will be reduced, and will end up in better shape. And so far, for the first quarter -- keep in mind, as I said, the first quarter this year compared to last year's first quarter in China, that was pre-Korea impact last year, and capacity is actually up significantly in the first quarter this year in China versus last year's first quarter, and we've done well. So we're cautiously optimistic. China, is still China, we're going to let it play out. But again, we're well prepared with our guidance to handle whatever we need to handle. 
Arnold Donald: Frankly, not at all. I think -- I'm not fully up to speed or understand that the JV was unwound, that can be for a lot of different reasons. There's demand for ships all over right now, the world. But anyway, having said that, it doesn't affect us at all. I think it's just -- China is such an embryonic market. We have such a small relative amount of capacity against the latent pent-up demand that's there. And what's most important, is getting on a distribution system to connect with that demand. And then long term, we remain very optimistic. We're very excited about the progress we made with our joint venture with CSSC, the shipbuilding entity. And we feel good about the performance of Majestic Princess, our first purpose-built ship for China in our Princess brand, and the ongoing performance of the Costa Group, which was of course, the first international brand to be in China. 
Arnold Donald: Not at all. I think -- I'm sorry, it's just the concept of a ship purposely built for Alaska. We have a lot of ships that are purposely built for Alaska and many other places, but in any event, no. Alaska's a very strong market, we're enjoying continued success there. Obviously, we're far and away the largest -- especially with all the land properties we have in Alaska as well, which also adds to our ability to drive yield in our businesses. And so -- but there are always people coming and going and it doesn't really affect us. 
Arnold Donald: Yes, YODA, our revenue management system, has been a -- definitely a boon to us. As I've mentioned, several times in previous calls, one of the biggest advantages, just -- of all of our revenue science folks to work together, because when you have that, different perspectives and that much talent, and you get them to work together, they ideate and generate things that they would never do on their own. And so the whole process of developing that too -- has been beneficial, and then the tool itself has been, and as I said -- there will be 6 brands that will have about 90% of our inventory going through it, that, some of that inventory of course is for 2019, so you won't see all the benefit in 2018. But it's definitely been a lift, has added discipline, has added creativity and has added yield. 
Arnold Donald: I'm sure our revenue science folks would love to give you a number, but the reality is, there are so many variables, there is no way to do that. It's clear that the cumulative effect of everything we've done has contributed to the positive result. There's no question, I could give you lots of anecdotal examples of where we had specific yield lift from actions driven by YODA and the teams. But to quantify it proportionately, is a task that they like to try to do but there's way too many variables. 
Arnold Donald: It would say that -- I mean, your thought process is obviously solid. We would expect that, but again, China's China, so we'll just have to wait and see. What we've done is given you our best expectations in the guidance we've given, which is obviously an increase overall in guidance. 
Arnold Donald: Yes. I think the first comment I'd like to make is, a cruise is not a cruise, is not a cruise. I mean, the brands are all very differentiated, and they offer very distinct experiences. So we've learned, given the fact that there's large addressable markets everywhere that are seriously underpenetrated, that we have to focus on measured capacity growth. And we're totally focused on achieving double-digit return on invested capital in 2018 and sustaining that. And if, for some reason, we -- the demand isn't there, we are fully prepared to accelerate retirements and with our scale, that matters, as we're focused on growing earnings and not the number of ships. And so the fact other people do different things, or do whatever they're doing, obviously can impact us, but that's just part of a overall business condition we have to manage. The advantages we have is that the brands are highly differentiated, and if we're doing our job of creating the excess demand, then we should be able to continue to not only grow earnings through capacity addition, but also through yield improvement. And to the extent were falling short in any way, then we would manage our capacity, which is going to have way more impact on what we can do with yield and earnings, and so on, than what somebody else is doing. 
Arnold Donald: In terms of -- probably, you should talk to them, but you hear anecdotal stuff, but at the same time, you never know how much volume is tied into that. You also hear positive comments that some that we're discounting more severely in previous years are discounting less. So there's noise out there, but the reality is, where we see it, whether it's the Mediterranean, whether it's the Baltics, Alaska, the Caribbean -- we're seeing strength, and we feel good, and we continue to try to generate demand. 
Arnold Donald: Yes, hey, thank you. We've installed the exhaust gas cleaning systems on the majority of our ships. In addition, as you know, we've ordered 9 LNG ships. We think that these and other mitigating actions will allow us to be prepared for the pending requirements in the 2020 ECA, on the low sulfur regulations. So we feel we're well positioned. The investment's already included in our CapEx guidance, so we're covered there as well. In terms of future fuel prices and stuff, we continue to look. We've never hedged and won't. We've used the collars in the past. We still have them in place through '18, and we'll continue to revisit. But we always did them to protect against a sudden spike that could cause a cash crunch in the business, with ship orders and other things we have on the books. And right now, with our position being so strong in terms of our cash position, the cash we have and our debt ratio, that will factor into any decisions around whether we would do collars in the future or not. 
Arnold Donald: Okay. Thank you, everyone. We really appreciate your interest and engagement. Hope you all have a fantastic day. Thank you.
David Bernstein: Yes. Steve, the $0.05 we wrote through is 0.25 point. It takes $0.20 to increase our yield guidance by 1 full point. So 0.25 point is just rounding. I mean, in fact, our yield guidance did go up, but it's still rounded to the same 2.5, but embedded was an increase. 
David Bernstein: Yes. This is just one of many -- over time, each year, we seem to face an issue. One year, it's Turkey. Another year, it's [indiscernible]. There's always something, but these are small issues in the grand scheme of a global company. And despite the hurricane hangover that we're experiencing a little bit in the Eastern Caribbean, the overall business is doing great. And as Arnold said, the Western Caribbean, which is seeing double-digit capacity increases in the back of the year -- half of the year, we are seeing higher prices and we are ahead on occupancy. So we're very confident that the Caribbean will do very well and that's on top of a record year in the Caribbean last year. So we feel very good about the overall state of the business. 
David Bernstein: So you're comparing 2 different periods. First of all, at the end of the year, what we were talking about was the full year 2018. Now we're talking about the balance of 2018 on a cumulative basis. But if you actually included 2019, we would be ahead at higher prices overall. So we were just trying to give the cumulative booked position as it related to 2017. The other thing that you also have to keep in mind is the goal isn't about being ahead. The goal is about optimizing revenue yield. So we're constantly taking action to do that. And I think I've said this before. If the booking curve keeps moving ahead, then at some point, we'll be sold out for the rest of the year and you guys would be -- would say to us, "Guys, you sold too quickly and you didn't optimize revenue yields." So we're making those decisions every day and we feel very good about our position at the moment. 
David Bernstein: Yes. I mean, listen, we always give you our best guess. I mean, we saw some strength in the Caribbean. We saw some strength in Australia. There were a number of markets where we did better than we had anticipated and onboard, too. I mean, it was both ticket and onboard, we're up. So it was across the board in every category. Sometimes you'll have a few things go one way and a few things go the other way and they may net out. In this particular case, just about everything went in a favorable direction for us. 
David Bernstein: And the only reason we really called San Juan out individually was because we do have -- San Juan is [indiscernible] for us. And also, it is a source market for that home port and that did have the -- hurricane did have an impact on that source market, albeit small, but it did have an impact. 
David Bernstein: Okay. Well, I can't quantify that, the headwind. But San Juan is just one Carnival ship that's homeported there, but the whole Eastern Caribbean -- like, I was looking at the back half of the year, the Eastern -- the whole Caribbean was 28% and I think the Eastern Caribbean represented 11% of the company's capacity for the back half. 
David Bernstein: Yes. It would have been better, but other than that, it's really hard to say what the impact is. Remember, it's 1 out of 100 ships and it's 1 2,000-passenger ship. It's very tiny. 
David Bernstein: It's really hard to say exactly where we are. It continues to improve every day. We've got the Caribbean -- it's open program going. It's industry-wide. And overall, this is just an ongoing change that hopefully, like everything else, is temporary. 
David Bernstein: Yes, we, we've had -- the first half of 2019, we are ahead at higher prices, and so we're very encouraged by the overall future booking trends. But keep in mind, it is very early. 
David Bernstein: And keep in mind, when we put our guidance together, we always provide for the unknown and that, of course, is included in the remainder of the year. 
David Bernstein: And we're always chasing that optimal place. And the reason we don't know is, the world around us continues to change, and so we'll continue to adapt to that and chase the optimal. 
David Bernstein: So and -- we take our March guidance. If we don't buy back shares for the rest of the year, we'd wind up with a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of less than 2x. So we will see an increasing absolute level of debt as we repurchase shares throughout the year and maintain at least the 2x ratio. I mean, it's a target. It's not an exact number. We'll never be at exactly 2x. Our overall goal is to be somewhere between 2x and 2.5x, and to maintain the current leverage that we have from that perspective. 
David Bernstein: Yes, so when we looked at our guidance, we got our forecast, we rolled it up. In our mind, nothing changed in the remaining part of the year, from what we were thinking in December. So in the end, the difference between -- it's $0.03. I mean, $0.03 is 0.15% of our overall yield guidance. And so I was just not that good to call it that close. And so we rolled it up. We gave you our best guess, and that's where we're at. Then like I said, we raised the guidance by 0.25 point then rolled the $0.05 through. It was as simple as that. 
David Bernstein: Okay. So let me go through the quarters. Each quarter, we give you our best guess. I mean, we've got 80% to 90% of the inventory booked, on the books. But keep in mind, there's also the onboard revenue, which is a little bit less predictable, because you don't have 80% to 90% of the onboard on the books. We're looking at the second quarter, we see what we have. And it -- and we give you our best guess. In addition, the prior year comparables are also very different. But we are in a -- as we said before, we're in a good, strong position, looking out for the second quarter and the remainder of the year. And we feel pretty good about the guidance we've given for the second quarter. As far as the revenue management system is concerned, I think Arnold commented in his notes that over the next couple of months, we're going to roll it out to 90-plus percent of the inventory for the 6 brands that it's going on, which represent, I think it's about 45% of our business overall. So we are seeing, as we said before, it's good improvement from the system. It's adding positively to our revenue -- to our yields. And we're very excited and expect it to continue to add to yields over the next few quarters and few years as well. 
David Bernstein: Yes. We've got a long way to go, because even once we implement the system, we're going to continue to improve it, and we're going to continue to learn from it. So this will be a number of years, so we're still in the early innings, and we expect to see multiple year-over-year improvement. 
Beth Roberts: Okay. For the quarterly capacity, the first quarter closed up 2.2; the second quarter will be up 1.5; third quarter, 1.7; fourth quarter, up 2.6; for a total of 2% on the year. 
Beth Roberts: Just to mention, the booking volumes during wave period has been strong. The issue dates back to the multi-week period when the hurricane occurred itself and the recovery period in the back half of last year. As Arnold indicated, we were [ far aloft ] for the first quarter when that occurred and that's why we're seeing the experience in the later part of the year. 
Beth Roberts: Sure. Second quarter, interest expense is $50 million, roughly $190 million to $200 million for the year. D&A is $515 million for the 2Q, 260 -- sorry, $2.60 billion to $2.70 billion for the year. 
