Arnold Donald: Good morning Robin and good to hear your voice. First of all, I will talk about the advertising. We’re always looking for opportunities to invest to create additional demand, because ultimately the key for us of course is relative scarcity creating demand in all the markets around the world, excess of supply and excess of capacity. And so when we recognize some opportunities to drive additional demand, the brand teams or all brands come up with innovative concepts that we think can generate more conversation around cruising and attract new to cruise, then we're willing to invest in it. And so, that's the basis [indiscernible] an ongoing investment to continuously generate additional demand. With regards to Costa, I'll let David make a few comments and then I'll weigh in.
Arnold Donald: Okay. So concerning the situation and pricing, obviously we all independently make our pricing decisions. We said over two years ago almost that we were looking at changing the psychology of pricing concerning our brands in the Caribbean in terms of waiting to the end -- I guess waiting to the end and seeking discounts. And so, we trialed a number of things and rest of little occupancy at times for that and generated some success with that, and we continue to try to put pricing integrity in and discipline in for our brands independently of what anyone else does. So for us, we have seen some positive trends there, and we will continue on that course. When you asked the question about advertising and promotion, I think obviously we're looking at promotional activity as well. When you say promotion, I don’t know if you're referring specifically to travel agent promotion effort or if you so could you clarify your question for me.
Arnold Donald: No, it's absolutely not discounting ticket pricing or anything of that -- not that kind of investment. This is to create demand and awareness and conversation around cruise. Thank you.
Arnold Donald: We can take another question while Harry is trying to…No, Harry its little bit -- we'll try to hear your question; give it a shot if we can hear, we'll try to answer it. Go ahead.
Arnold Donald: Let me answer the second part first. Again we’re focused overall on delivering double-digit return on invested capital in the next three to four years. And to do that, we have to have sustained revenue growth in terms of ticket and onboard revenues. And to do that, we know we have to continue to create relative scarcity with demand and excess of supply. So our decisions are not strictly for any reaction or anything to a period. They are ongoing considered investment to create over time, what we need to create. And so overall, we’re looking at 3.7% capacity increase for 2016 and for the first quarter we're ahead on occupancy, which bodes well for pricing on the remainder of the year. And we're only in June. So we have very little visibility into next year outside of the first quarter, but we’re cautiously optimistic about 2015.
Arnold Donald: Okay. I didn't get it all but with complex you're asking about with the capacity going into China, what give us confidence that we can continue to show positive results there. If that’s the question, the reality in China is we already have the relative scarcity I’ve been talking about in terms of trying to create additional relative scarcity in the more developed markets and already has there. The biggest outbound tourist industry in the world and is growing at a rapid rate, in fact is expected to double by 2020 in terms of outbound tourism. And so given that, we actually have relatively scarcity and we’ve seen continued strong yield performance with the capacity additions we’ve put in to-date and we expect to see it going forward.
Arnold Donald: The reality is we're ahead on booking and so we've less inventory to fill for the balance of the year and that gives us added confidence that we will deliver on the guidance and so bookings are strong at this point and in terms of yields and while we’re in tracking with the guidance of 3% to 4%.
Arnold Donald: First of all those ships obviously will be -- to be both LNG powered as well as conventional fuel powered, but we anticipate over time that LNG is going to be a fuel of choice and based on that we're preparing for the future. But having said that overall those ships versus the existing are going to be dramatically more efficient and in fact overall, not just fuel based but overall, we’re talking as much as north of 40% more efficient.
Arnold Donald: We continue through all the initiative to space the ability to offset inflation which we peg about $70 million to $80 million a year. We're definitely on track through the initiatives to achieve that this year. We have fair line of sight for achieving that in number of years to come. We’ve added some skill set in brining Julia Brown in who is our Chief Procurement Officer for the Corporation. She is working already very closely with the brands. Have lots of anecdotes that, I can share a little one with you. We had all the mattresses, we buy a lot of mattresses a year. And we put all the mattresses in one place for all the brands and then everybody sell everybody else's mattress look at quality and what not and we’re going to see probably a 20% to 25% improvement and cost improvement in that. While increasing overall the quality standard for that mattress and then we have the scores of those examples and there is plenty of opportunities for us to do that and so we’re on that path and see a clear line of sight on the $70 million to $80 million for several years to come.
Arnold Donald: I'll make a comment first and then, overall, again for us a lot of it is best practice sharing, taking innovation in each of the brands and sharing that across the rest of the brands. So we’ve seen very strong on Board revenue trends in our businesses as evidenced by the results and continue to expect to see that, David.
Arnold Donald: And the restructuring charges, Tim it was $27 million restructuring expenses that we expected for the full year and in this second quarter we have excluded the restructuring expenses from our non-GAAP results and remember we give guidance on a non-GAAP basis. So it’s not included in the overall 235 to 250 guidance we gave.
Arnold Donald: Very good. I’ll start from the bottom up. On the memorandum of understanding, Steve, you know Alan Buckelew, our Chief Operations Officer for the Corporation resides now in Shanghai in China and we’ve made very meaningful progress with both CSFC and the China Merchant Group and hopefully we’ll have something more specific to say Chinese specific joint ventures in the coming months here we are very excited about the progress we are making in that particular arena and the continued support overall from the Chinese government to the cruise industry. So we’re very, very positive on that front and hopefully will have more to tell you. Concerning to ship order, as we are articulated at the time, the overall the large order nine ship order between Fincantieri and Meyer that was done for number of reasons. Number one is prototypes that we want to get plenty of lead time for those yards to engage the subcontractors that need to be engaged and for those subcontractors to know that both entities Meyer and Fincantieri would be building ships and it wasn’t a single order that they were competing for. And so hopefully that will lead to efficiency and ultimately lower cost of acquisition for us. From a practical matter, we have to plan way ahead to secure the slots and to give the yards plenty of time to work with us to perfect and effective designs. And so that is the reason for that, the reason to build the ships in the first place is that by the time the ships come in, we should have achieved our double-digit return on invested capital that is certainly our plan and our focus and what we have clarified right now, three to four years is what we’re saying we say at a year ago three to five years and so that is three to four years we should be delivering on double-digit return on invested capital. And then those ships individually each return well above the baseline double-digit return on invested capital 10% well above that and so they allow us to enhance and sustain the double-digit performance out into the future. Hope that answered your questions.
Arnold Donald: First of all for us our business is pretty straightforward and so we consider our competition to be land based vacation. We have very differentiated product offerings versus the other cruise companies. We do all competes on new to cruise because often the new to cruise there is no concept what cruise would best with them and that is what we come on travel professional partners especially as well as our own people to make certain we get the right people on the right ships but real competition cruise is land based and so we focus on that. So what we need to do as an industry as well as a company is create considerable interest improving just getting the conversation how people think about cruising and we’ve done at a number of ways whether it was the Super Bowl initiative we had. We did it most recently with the launch of Fathom, we did it with what I have references in terms of celebration of Cunard’s 175 Princess’s 50 anniversary and all of those things are interesting stories and create opportunities for us to really talk about cruising and get it in the conversation. And that is so how we look at it, we don’t look at it as advertising to how to advertise, we want the competition advertising promote. One of every two people cruise in the world, cruise with us and anything that generates interest in cruising automatically helps us and frankly it helps the other companies as well. So that is the focus of it and we think we’re seeing some success, there are some variables in any given year in any given market at any given time. But clearly our results have been strong and we don’t doubt for a second, that is in part because we have had some success through the individual brands and then collectively been generating more interest in cruising.
Arnold Donald: And frankly mark is more interested in the specific idea in the execution how it is going to generate additional interest than we are in the dollars. We don’t have rule of the thumb of how we need to spend different amount of dollars and anything like that, we will look at individual initiatives projects and things that would show me how we’re generate number of impressions generate conversations with the specific execution. Thanks.
Arnold Donald: There are still a number of things that we're rolling out. So we expect -- continue to see benefits in the future from some of the initiatives in communications, casino and beverage. A great example there was a press release Idida put out yesterday on their internet service and how they had headed on a couple of shifts and they were expanding it to the rest of that fleet. So we do expect to see additional onboard revenue from those initiatives.
Arnold Donald: As to double digit return on invested capital and in the next three to four years and the way we’re going to do that ultimately is through yield and so to the extent we need to invest to do that we will, but we don’t see that need to invest or those opportunities to invest to think is well out of range or anything on cost going forward.
Arnold Donald: I’ll start with a general comment. The general comment is that while results are tempered by Europe for 2015 we are going to see growth in yield in Europe and both in the brands and in the regions.\ And also we continue to see strong booking patterns there where the booking curve is being pushed further out and that bodes well because you have less inventory to sell and then that’s also obviously good for yields. So despite a lot of the challenges and cost in particular have been facing challenges since 2008 with macroeconomic Malaise and other issues and just a trading environment. But despite that, not only Costa but the entire European team, Carnival U.K., Idida as well have been doing a great job in managing the brand over this period. So I'll let David comment on some of the specifics, but overall things are positive.
Arnold Donald: So first of all I think capacity in Europe is going to be about 6%, but that's nowhere near with the capacity increase was in the Caribbean last year was up more than double digit was dramatic increase in capacity in the Caribbean last year. And so that’s two very different scenarios and when you talk about Europe, you’ve got the Mediterranean and Northern Europe whereas in Caribbean, you got the Caribbean as Eastern and Western, but it's still just Caribbean. So there are two very different situations. So the issues in Continental Europe we don’t believe our capacity driven, there are different issues, the reality is that the macroeconomic situation there and then the geopolitical issues that have popped up have certainly tempered the results there. still strong but it tempered the results. And coming into next year well, we're going to be down in capacity ourselves in the Caribbean a couple of points. Overall the industry will be up in the Caribbean actually but nowhere near where it was last year in terms of increase and obviously we have a much stronger base of guests now to fill those ships than we did a year ago, when that we had a huge capacity influx for the Caribbean and we will see what happens in Europe but probably a little bit of easing of capacity. I think the big issue there is just letting the time go by and continue to create demand in Europe and manage through some of these geopolitical tensions and get through and there are always going to be issues somewhere in the world, that's the beauty of our business. We can move our capacity and we do have a broad portfolio especially for us as a company to buffer a lot of these things. But I don’t want to understate the performance of Europe given the dynamics, but the dynamics are not comparable to what they were in the Caribbean last year.
Arnold Donald: Yes I think first of all overall the capacity growth for the industry is in the 4% to 5% range and our capacity growth along with vessels that we take out of service is going to be less than that. So we are totally focused on measured capacity growth. And we feel that with China in particular but even without China and the existing markets that that level of growth as long as we're creating demand because we're still relatively low penetrated as an industry as cruise industry in the overall vacation market that there is ample opportunity to create the relative scarcity to get yields off over time and to have them be up and still the greatest vacation value there is while providing the greatest vacation experience there. So we are quite confident for ourselves and for the industry that we can create a relative scarcity that will bode well for the future.
Arnold Donald: I overall would say yes. It's being demonstrated today. As you can see the results we are achieving we're out 25%, '14 over '13 our guidance to be up 25% in this year and that's not from 25% added capacity obviously. And so we are in a process of demonstrating it. We certainly have plans in place and for making the investment to continue to do so. You'd have to talk to the other companies how they see it, but our perception we're one of every two people who cruise in the world. So we're relatively reasonable Bellwether for the overall industry and we see it as a strong industry for years to come.
Arnold Donald: Thank you very much for your questions everyone and for being online. We had a strong quarter. We are confident in our guidance going forward. And we look forward to delivering results and ultimately delivering the double-digit return on invested capital the next three to four years. Thank you.
David Bernstein: Sure. As we had said before in the notes, there is a lot of macroeconomic difficulties in Europe. The economy seems to be bouncing along at the bottom. Our Costa brand is doing very well, but as a result of the geopolitical risk and other things, they have had some challenges on the yield side this year. And so as a result, overall our EAA brands as I said in my notes are up. They're all doing very well but the Costa does face its challenge.
David Bernstein: Sure. No problem. When you look at fuel and currency for the full year, it's actually pretty flat versus our March guidance. So what’s coming through is we do have a little bit increase in the revenue yield as well as the cost side. And trying to understand what’s going on versus the second quarter, yes we did beat by $0.12, but remember $0.03 of that was simply timing of expenses between the quarters. So on a full year basis, it's really $0.09 and we also had about a $0.05 increase in overall costs flowing through which was the mainly advertising but as I indicated, some strategic projects that we decided to invest in, and so net there was a $0.04, $0.05 of improvement, which gave us the confidence to increase the bottom end of the range by a nickel.
David Bernstein: Okay. I think one of the things that you’re coding the constant dollar numbers and Beth can take it offline with you, but when you…
David Bernstein: Well, I would say over the last couple of years, it is well ahead and we're feeling very good about our book position.
David Bernstein: Yes as I said in my notes, the on board and other yields if the increase was driven much more so by the North American brands than our EAA brands. So there is some we are seeing some better improvements in North America and over in Europe and I’m assuming this macroeconomic overall.
David Bernstein: Okay, sure. So first of all I guess MERS, we’re watching that situation very closely but frankly we have not seen a significant impact so far. People obviously always would pay attention to health issues but the reality is that MERS is very hard to contract and hopefully people will get educated on the very low probability of contracting MERS. We have -- rare it is from China that touch Korea and we have modified some itineraries at the request of our shift charters but one of the strategic advantages that we have as an industry versus land based destination is our ability to mitigate when appropriate and adjust itineraries to maintain guest confidence satisfaction as opposed to being locked in to surroundings no matter what the circumstances are. Technically we do have a measure of protection by having charters but we don’t expect the situation to become a material issue for us or our distribution parts. And overall we continue to see strength in China in the yields and our charters or all the feedback we are getting is they are pleased now financially at this point.
David Bernstein: Let’s keep in mind that as a company, we spend we have said before over $600 million a year in advertising expense and all we are talking about is a few percent change here, as the year progresses we continue to tweak things and make adjustments to be as optimal as we can be throughout the year. So it’s just really change in a big number.
David Bernstein: You know I would say overall first time cruisers are up dramatically, now there is a number of things that contribute to that beyond this year, I guess last year we were 3.4 million first time cruisers whereas the year prior we were like something like 2.7 or 2.8 or something. But there are number of things that drive that, number one we have got lot of first time cruisers elsewhere in China, so that is part of it, another part of it is in the Caribbean there was so much capacity last year in the Caribbean. The only way to fill those ships with other lots of new first time cruisers and so that drove first time cruise and added yield that we were happy with but it drove additional base load of first time cruisers and then of course all the initiatives we had to create demand and others and industry have, we think all of that collectively contribute to what you saw in terms of the increase in first time cruisers last year versus previous year.
David Bernstein: \First of all the current space per guest in terms of space per guest, it is similar to the ships we have on order now for those ships. So really was innovative design and Micky Arison and then Michael Thamm, who runs our Costa group were very ingenious in the original conceptualization for these ships and then the new build teams in house and at the yards, we are able to follow during execution of that. So we actually feel an incredible guest experience, great cabins absolutely great cabins and really phenomenal public space and are able on that platform to have as I mentioned space per guests comparable to the ships we currently have on order. So it really is the efficient interior design and then very creative design.
David Bernstein: And some of the things absolutely, the ships are being finished, some of the conceptualizations there are some single cabin concept.
David Bernstein: So first of all the reason behind Fathom, Fathom the purpose is to do good, the unique aspect of it is holistic market driven approach to doing this, so have to be a win, win, win. So we have to do financially well with it, that gives us freedom to do it and make it sustainable. So the shareholders win. It has to resonate with the guests, the people have to want to travel on it and if they don’t they won’t. So it makes it a win for them and then obviously the ultimate reason the starting point is to do good and so we have the real genuine impact with it otherwise was the point. So the concept of win, win, win while it does resonate in index with what we usually call Millennial, it appeals to a broad spectrum of people who basically want to grow themselves so it is not just a matter of going someplace to do some good help out is an enrichment and emerging experience for the travelers themselves and very unique and different approach and one that brings scale that previously just doesn’t exist and never existed. So it is new. So we picked up -- and Puerto Plata recently in the Dominican Republic, we checked out a number of different countries to start and we landed there primarily because there are entities on the ground there that have demonstrated long-term history of genuine impact in the areas of economic impact as well as environmental and educational impact. So there are Dominican organizations on the ground that are currently delivering impact, so the guest get to work alongside those proven Dominican impact providers and scale up the impact they can have. So we will end up with thousands of volunteer days a week spread across the region in a holistic fashion not doing any one thing but doing a combination of things that collectively can transform a community over time and ideal go with -- few years and no long we need it and we will move on somewhere else. How big it is ultimately, what the advertisers, we have done a lot of research, we paired our team with the McKenzie Group and ton of announcements over the last couple of years leading us to where we are. But obviously all have to be proven out, we have every confidence, we will be successful with the initial foray and then if it is successful, it is scalable and replicable and as long as they are on the ground entities that are already delivering real impact that we can help scale up what they are doing and accelerate that impact it has. That is the concept we feel big appetite for it. We it is financial model for us, it will have to financially perform that gives to continue with it and we are very optimistic but it has to be proved.
David Bernstein: Thank you. I think we are in the early stage of growth in China that there are a lot of things that happened that it was a more mature market, you might see some kind of impact or response from. But again the relative scarcity exist there today and so that buffered a lot of things and so frankly no we have not seen any impact from the incident that occurred. And as more and more people cruise obviously we're continually educating our distribution partners there and then as well as the general public about cruising and the differences, but we have not seen any effect there. I'll let David answer the first part of your question.
David Bernstein: So we did assume a 2% in the back half of this year. Keep in mind that as you begin to analyze that, that the back half of last year and onboard and other was up mid single digits and it was significantly better than the first half of 2014. So we do have more challenging comps in the back half so take that into account as you analyze the numbers.
David Bernstein: Keep in mind I had already indicated that we included in that guidance was only a 2% increase in onboard and other and that compares to the 6% in the second quarter. And as far as the ticket side, as always we give you our best guess as to what we believe the net ticket yield will be and we included that in the guidance as well. So overall we got some pretty good increases in the third quarter on a constant currency basis. We're expecting it to be, like 3% to 4% included in the third quarter. So we’re very pleased with those yields and hopefully we can do better.
David Bernstein: And on the cost side, I think we had indicated back in December, there was a big increase in dry dock this year. It was driving two of the three percentage point increase in cost. We did expect to see dry dock days decline in 2016 and so about half of that increase would go away. So that will be a benefit for 2016. It’s a little early to give guidance on cost for 2016 overall. We are hopefully, as Arnold indicated with all of the leveraging our scale to perhaps be able to offset inflation, but we still have got to go through the whole planning process and make some decisions on investments and we'll do that over the next couple of months.
David Bernstein: Yeah, we’re very positive on the year. Some of these numbers as I had talked, we said we would beat the second quarter by $0.06. So overall when you put together our guidance for the year, keep in mind that to move our yield guidance takes $0.17, one percentage point is $130 million or $0.17. So as we look at all the numbers, the $0.06 movement causes a few decimal point movement in the mid -- in the guidance, but it doesn’t necessarily change the whole overall range for the year. So we’re trying to just give you ranges and averages, but we're flowing through the benefit as I had indicated before of the second quarter and it was partially offset by cost and we still increased the midpoint and the bottom end of the range.
David Bernstein: If you think about the longer term I think we talked about this either on the last call or December, I can’t remember, our capacity growth on a compounded annual basis from 14 to 18 is only 2.9%. And if you take into account all the announcements we've made to date and there will be more announcements of ships going to China, the compounded annual growth rate for that four-year periods for North America would be 1% and Europe would be 2%. And so the growth rate as I think Arnold has indicated before are very measured particularly in the established markets and so China is growing and for all the reasons Arnold talked about before we believe it's going to be a fabulous market for us over time with measured capacity growth in the existing markets. And that bode well. Thank you.
