Josh Weinstein: Good morning, Steve. Thanks for the very first call being about 2024 and guidance that we haven't given. Let me start with what you said about onboard. I think the encouraging thing about onboard is, if you look at what the consumer has been spending with us over the last three quarters and what we projected in the fourth quarter, it hasn't gone down. So comps might go up and down percentage-wise a bit here and there because of what the world looked like back in 2019 as a percentage quarter-over-quarter. But literally, they're spending the same amount today that they were three quarters ago. And we haven't seen that slowdown. So that's very encouraging, and that's part of what gives us confidence when we say we're feeling pretty good about our business in light of whatever is going on in the macro economy. With respect to our booked business, being 10 points ahead at higher pricing, does give us a good amount of maneuver ability to really deliver on the yields next year, which is what we expect to do. We're not giving guidance yet, so we're not going to get into the nuts and bolts, but I'm comfortable that we're on the right path.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. That's another good try. How about this. If we think about 2024, what are the tailwinds and what are the headwinds, right? So overall, as we look at 2024, we've got a good amount of momentum going, right? First of all, we're starting from that normalized or elongated booking curve, best book position in our history. The things that we have been doing to try to generate incremental demand and incremental pricing evidentiary says it's working with 7 points higher per diems pretty much consistently throughout this year as we close the occupancy gap. We expect to be back to full-year occupancy as you were pointing out. The power of our portfolio approach, I don't want to discount. We've been talking about this for many quarters. And what used to be a concern around Europe should now be some applause and congratulations for our European brands who are really coming on. To be able to say that our Continental European brands hit positive yields versus 2019 this summer is fantastic given where they were a year ago and despite all the concerns that have been raised about our European brands and our approach to being dedicated to particular markets that we feel very strongly about. We expect that will continue because, as you know, in the first half of next year, our European brands did have a lot of work to do to claw back and get to where they were. At the same time, we're doubling down on Carnival Fun Italian Style with the second Costa ship coming over to Carnival. The trade has been rebounding tremendously. Our first timers are really driving our growth, which is another testament to all the commercial work that our team is doing. So there's a lot of positivity on the table here. Now what's the minuses? Of course, we still don't have itineraries that were impacted by the Ukraine war. We don't expect that to come back in 2024. But I think we've proven we know how to move our assets around and put them where they are best positioned to serve as well. China is still a question mark. For the industry, we certainly hope that, that unfolds the way people are planning outside of Carnival Corporation. David mentioned inflation. It is decelerating. Absolutely, but it's still inflation that's decelerating. So we'll have to see how that plays out. We're obviously heads down with our brands planning through 2024 and figuring out exactly how we can mitigate cost increases, which we do all the time. And we're actually in the planning phases right now for 2024 where we're going through in detail all of the activities that are going to be beneficial for us. The occupancy will be a cost, the dry dock days will be a cost, and David tried to quantify those for you. And we'll have to see what happens with the macro environment and how we play. So there's a lot in both directions. I feel very good about the positives.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. It's certainly not off the table. We wouldn't take anything off of the table. It's not something we're planning to implement in the near-term, although that could certainly change. There are certainly considerations that have to be made about what's the norm in society with the expectations of our customer. Obviously, you don't go retroactively too. So you're talking about forward bookings. But I wouldn't take anything off the table. I would reiterate, though, even a fuel surcharge is temporary. And really, the one thing that we can do, no matter what compiler high water is used less and that's where our focus is. And we estimate it saved us about $375 million on the bottom line this year versus what our profile looks like in 2019 because of all those efforts.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. Well, I'd start by saying the same thing as a surcharge, which is we don't take anything off the table, including hedging. We only get the question when fuel prices spike though. We never get the question when it's not – when it's going the other way. So I do think that there's a little bit of a – it's not a question of hedging. Are you putting wagers on that are either going to benefit you or not depending on the environment? I buy the volatility part. I mean we've done empirical studies like everybody else. The last time we did one, it only added about 1% to the share price because even though it might take away day-to-day volatility when you look at the long-term value of the firm, ultimately, it doesn't make a dent in the grand scheme of the cash flow generation discounted back, et cetera. So it is, a, consideration, the volatility as is the cost of any kind of hedging program. So we'll continue to look at it. But thus far, when we've laid out all the pros and the cons, we haven't been there. But I wouldn't say that, that has become our answer forever. That's just where we are now.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. So this is absolutely part of the plan by pulling – we were able to pull forward 10 points and at higher prices. Now if you think about what does that mean for – are we sacrificing price? When you look at the pricing that was in place by the time we got to this booked position last year, our pricing is very nicely higher. And so the point is you manage the bookings by pulling the volume forward, you avoid the discounting at the end. And that's how it's been playing out. And so we're very encouraged.
Josh Weinstein: Well, I'll look for David to give the exact percentage of our European brands. But ultimately, yes, we're quite encouraged that they're going to be making up big chunks of revenue yield performance because they didn't have that ability to do so in the first half of this year. But the fact that we're here in the summer and the yields are positive, I think, is a good testament to their trajectory. David is looking for the capacity number for you. So...
Josh Weinstein: Well, the per diems were – well, the yield comments were specifically about this summer and Costa and AIDA. I would say I can fill in the blank. The other big player in our European segment is obviously P&O Cruises. They had a 40% capacity increase this year. And so I can't say that their yields were higher. But I can tell you that their occupancy is back, and they are well on their way, and that's absolutely as expected.
Josh Weinstein: I don't have David glossary. I just told you strong. So I'm going to stick to that. But I would say a combination of getting back for full-year to historical occupancy levels as well as price increases will go in – both things will go into what we will be looking for as far as yield improvement versus 2023.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. So if this will be ongoing, I would expect, give or take in another month, we'll start coming out with even more. I'm happy to tell you, though, when it comes to how we'll be able to monetize the private island in addition to the premium that we'll be getting on the ticket side for such an amazing experience. The standards for any type of private destination, F&B, Cabana rentals, other experiences. And so more will come, but that's all in the plan.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. I'll give you an overall, which is I don't think that there's anything revolutionary here. It is simply continuing to do our jobs better brand by brand. And we've highlighted, for example, Carnival Cruise Line and just the amazing results that they've had quarter-over-quarter. Other brands are catching up. And they're doing that because they are focused on their revenue management techniques. They're focused on delivering the experience onboard. They're focused on their performance marketing and generating more leads to generate more bookings, positioning themselves appropriately in the market. So all of those things are incrementally helping piece by piece. And that's the kind of effort that we need from our brands and their teams to be focused on all aspects of that commercial business. And so we'll continue to focus on that so that they continue to focus on it as well. And so on the revenue side, I feel like we're making good momentum. On the cost side, there will always be opportunity for us to do better. David mentioned that we'll only maybe get a little bit of scale benefit from the newbuilds, and that's certainly true that are coming in. But there's always opportunity to look for efficiency and leverage scale on the existing fleet, right, in how we do our purchasing, how we benchmark against each other to find ways to do things more efficiently on the ships, source more efficiently. Scale will increase because frankly speaking, we're going to be carrying a lot more guests next year than we did this year and than we did in 2019, and that gives us more opportunity to leverage scale. So I'm pretty encouraged that up and down the P&L, there will be opportunities.
Josh Weinstein: I think we're – I think it's fair to say that as technology advances and our teams are better able to utilize that, there's more and more opportunity to be very surgical about the guests that we're looking for and how to get them and their eyes looking at us and looking at our websites, pointing them to travel agents, whatever that might be. So I'd say that, that's pretty early days. And even though we've made some pretty marked improvement when it comes to some of the stats that we've shown you as some indicators, and we really don't talk about things like conversion rate or things like that. We're very encouraged by the progress, and there's certainly a lot more room to run.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. So on the onboard spend, I was – I think I tried to say this, maybe I didn't say it the right way. But generally speaking, the onboard spend levels haven't slowed down. When you think about the state of the consumer and you think about where were they in the fourth quarter of last year, first quarter of this year, second, third quarter, they're spending the same. So we haven't seen a slowdown in the profile of the consumer. As far as – so even though we had a lot more thirds and fourths, for example, over the summer, the spending per person per day didn't slow down. As far as how that compares to 2019, there's – I will tell you, there's a lot in 2019 that's different from today, right, from the way we do our bundling, from the sentiments of the consumer from where we take them. We didn't have St. Petersburg, for example, in the third quarter of this year. That is, by far, got to be one of the top, if not the top onboard spending itineraries because of all the shore excursions that get generated or got generated. We didn't have that, and yet we still performed at that high level. So it's a little hard with a 4-year gap to be that specific about trends. I'd be more focused on the trend that our consumer is not slowing down.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. So Costa is one of those brands that's really on the rebound, and we're really proud of Mario Zanetti, the President, and his whole team have been accomplishing and will continue to. Their research based on their market and the segment that they're trying to hit in their market was all about experiences and leaning into particular messaging in particular ways to convey it because the product for Costa is already fantastic. So it's always a matter of how do we then convey that messaging the right way to the right people so they're going to understand want to pay to get onboard and then spend that money onboard. So there's actually a lot of work that the Costa team and some external help put in to make sure that we're marrying those things up together. And this will be the output. So I'm very excited about that trajectory.
Josh Weinstein: So I don't have that data certainly at the ready. If we can kind of give you some more color, we'll Beth try to do that for you and she can circle back up with you. But this – from my perspective, the efforts about, in part, the advertising, in part just being up and sailing again. So you get your repeaters getting off the ship and telling their friends and family how amazing it is simply attracts newcomers. And so what's quite encouraging is the fact that our loyalists have been consistent over the last four quarters, and all of that growth that we've been seeing has been coming from first to cruise or first to brand means that those activities are really starting to pay off. And we think that there's – if you think about the cruise industry in the context of the vacation industry, we're casting in that in a really big ocean. So that bodes very well for us.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. I think – so first of all, thank you for the comments. The – certainly, the onboard component of our increases over the past several quarters has been outpaced by the improvement that we're seeing in the ticket. And so I think to your point, whereas the onboard component was a larger piece of our outperformance overall on net per diems, really, what we've been able to see is the ticket price is really coming on, which is encouraging. The fact though that, again, in ultimate terms, the onboard spending has remained constant in absolute levels gives us a lot of confidence that we're doing the right things, and we're providing the right options for our guests to spend on experiences. And so I think it's actually a very good mix. And the ability for us to pull forward more onboard spending, as you mentioned, the 40% of our onboard spend pulled forward. While that's a huge increase of 11 points, it was below 30 points back in 2019. That means there's still an awful lot of room to continue to do that. And so I think those components set us up very nicely.
Josh Weinstein: I think it's fair to say yes – the answer is yes. We don't expect anything year-over-year like we've had this year in the 11%, absolutely.
Josh Weinstein: So I can't – I don't have any data about what the breakdown is for the bookings of September based on first timers or loyalists. But what I can tell you is that – I just – I think it's probably important to put into context. We've talked about wave, right? And we talked about how wave was the longest wave in history. And I'm not sure when we're ever going to call it, right, because we broke the record in Q1. We then broke that record in Q2, which never happens. We just hit a record in Q3. And when you look at the first four weeks of September, actually, we're up very nicely as well. And it's also being driven by the European brands. North American is positive. But the European brands are really coming on as we expected our portfolio to do. And so it hasn't slowed down in September. We attribute that to all the good work that our brands have been doing that we've been talking about and the inherent pent-up demand that we can still tap. And the encouraging thing is because of that trajectory with new to brand and indeed new to cruise, it means we're effectively back to normal from that perspective, and we can really focus on optimizing the revenue and the yields. So it hasn't stopped.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. No. We're trying to say it as plainly as we can. We just have not seen any sign of slowdown. The only slowdown we see is as we're running out of inventory, it has to slow down. That's it. So we feel quite good.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. No. So first, the answer is no. This is very much bespoke for Costa, and they're Southern European guest base and who they're trying to reach. So certainly not. And as far as how this falls out, I mean, this is going to work its way into Costa's general themes. It already does, as I said, marry what they already do onboard. So this is just trying to make sure that it's communicated the right way and more to come. So…
David Bernstein: Yes, and the only thing I'll add to what Josh said, and he went through some of the puts and takes on costs. On the dry dock days, that's probably going to add three quarters of a point to maybe 1 point to our overall cost structure. And on the capacity increase, remember, pre-pause, we used to say that the new ships were 15% to 25% more efficient on the operating costs, excluding fuel than the existing fleet. But remember, we did have it. And so if you do the math, that probably would get you about a 1% reduction from economies of scale on the old basis. But remember, our existing fleet has been optimized. And as a result of that, it's probably less than 1% on the operating cost or the ship operating cost for the capacity increase. So put all those puts and takes together, we're not prepared. We're not giving guidance at this point. And in fact, I will say that we're going to be spending the next month with all of our brands going through their plans, better understanding everything. And hopefully, by – at some point during the fourth quarter, we'll have a better idea as to the overall direction of the cost structure for 2024.
David Bernstein: All of our European brands, including the U.K., is 38% of our capacity this year. But the Continental European brands is less than that. I'll calculate that in a second. Go ahead.
David Bernstein: Yes. So for 2024, at today's current prices and given our itineraries and everything in our fuel consumption expectations, we're talking approximately $75 million for the full-year 2024, which does represent 40% of what the total will be at some point in the future as the percentages go up in 2025 and 2026. But keep in mind that the tax is based off of fuel consumption and so depending on what our itineraries are in 2026, all of the fuel conservation and consumption improvements we have over time, we're looking to hopefully mitigate those numbers as we move forward.
David Bernstein: So we haven't given detail by year. But what we have talked about is by 2026, combination of the improving EBITDA and the debt reduction program, you're going to see investment-grade type metrics in 2026. Remember that in 2024, we do have three ships for delivery. And so that probably will be less debt reduction in 2024 than in 2025 and 2026, where is in 2025, we only have one ship. And in 2026, we don't have any ships on order. So just keep that in mind as you build through the math throughout the years.
David Bernstein: So let's keep in mind the 2023 numbers are being compared to 2019. So that is four years, not one. And so when we get to 2024, we're going to go back to the year-over-year comparisons, it's just one year. And so the expectation would be it's only one year of inflation as opposed to four years of inflation. So keep that in mind as you go through and think about 2024.
David Bernstein: For 2024 that is, but we have lots of cruises open for 2025 and 2026, and so there's lots of people are booking way ahead.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. Great. Good morning. Let's talk a little bit about fuel. I know in the – I believe in the past, fuel costs have spiked you, I believe you may have instituted a fuel surcharge to your customers. I believe one of your competitors is actively considering doing a fuel surcharge this time around. Is that something you might consider as well? Thank you.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. And then one more question, Josh. Certainly a similar regarding fuel. And this is sort of a high-level question here. Why is it you folks don't hedge? One of the pushbacks I get from long-only investor is they don't like the day-to-day volatility in the stock when oil gets volatile and also the volatility in earnings. There's certainly a possibility that I understand that hedging does have a real dollar cost to it. But if it brings in a long-only investor base, it may actually be worth it long-term for the stock. Just talk to me about why you folks sort of hold out on not hedging when competitors do it? Thank you.
Patrick Scholes: Understood. And I can clearly get when fuel prices go down, nobody ask questions like these. So thank you. I'm all set.
