Josh Weinstein: Hi, Steve. Happy holidays to you too. So, I hope you're right. I look forward to the call in a year. Look, we've given our good faith estimate on how we're seeing the world right now. We come in with a good amount of visibility because of how well booked we are and as you said we have seen accelerating momentum in the volume and the price, so we're very, very pleased with the trajectory that we've been seeing. Obviously this is also before Wave. We do have a little bit of a disadvantage of doing this in December versus end of January, into February. So, all I can tell you is we've baked in what we what we see and we always want to outperform and obviously that's a given. So I think best thing I can tell you is we'll talk in March with Wave under our belt up. Having said that, Wave hasn't ended since last year, so we'll continue to ride it as long as we can.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. We're coming off a great performance when it comes to onboard and we expect our onboard per diems to be increasing in 2024 versus 2023. Brands are doing a real good job of pulling forward more spend providing differentiated experiences, so we absolutely expect an increase in 2024 versus 2023.
Josh Weinstein: Yes, I think it's fair to say that, you know, when we talked about it in June, for the first time, and we laid out, you know, what will it take? We talked about the fact that - excuse me, getting back to - historical occupancy. We expect pretty much all of that in 2024 versus 20 - where we were in 2023. And that's you know, as far as we can tell, that's exactly how it's going to play out. And on top of that, we predict price that we estimate pricing to be up low to mid-single-digits every year 2024, 2025, 2026. And so you know, we feel like we are we entered the year a little bit ahead, given how we ended the second half of 2023 and we’ll keep pushing forward.
Josh Weinstein: So this is playing out as we would expect it to play out by pulling forward all the volume it gives us better, better control over our pricing environment and our ability to keep pricing at an elevated level? And so it's literally playing out as it should? It is we are you know, we are 10 points higher than we were you know, when we entered the Q1 of 2024, 10 points higher year-over-year. It's higher than 2019 as well - which is a very long normalized booking window. And it's important that we do that, right? I mean, let's keep in mind, you know, being 10 points above last year is good progress, but we expect to end our occupancy significantly higher than last year, but that's all feeding into the strategy and pricing is playing along as I tried to say in my notes, I'm not sure how clear it was. You know, when we entered the fourth quarter of this year, we were about 10 points higher than prior year in the occupancy position and prices were higher. As we made our way through the quarter, we've managed to pretty much keep that occupancy advantage and prices on everything that's booked is now considerably higher. So it is working the way we anticipated.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. Well, we are effectively back to normal. This is what we used to do before the last few years, and I think it was quite important that we get back into this cadence. Now, good news, we are highest book we've ever been. So we do have more visibility than even we had before 2020. So I think that's setting us up well to be able to be in a pretty good position to give you this preliminary guidance for 2024. Obviously, we have - I have high expectations in my brands and what I expect them to achieve, including during Wave. And you got to remember, the whole focus of Wave this year, we have the benefit of being able to focus on different things. Last year in Wave, a lot of what we were trying to accomplish and our brands we're trying to accomplish was just filling the ships because we are in such a different position from an occupancy perspective. This time, we actually get to go through Wave and really be more strategic in how we are trying to advance the needle, not just on the short term, but on the longer term. So I think it sets us up well. And I keep asking David to change the fiscal year-end and like can we please start on January 1, like everybody else. But apparently, that's a lot of work. So we're not going to do that.
Josh Weinstein: I think our brands are doing phenomenally and really understanding who that target audience is and how to speak to them with their creative marketing and then on the performance side, just making sure that, that consideration and awareness gets converted into bookings. So we gave - I said in my prepared remarks, we've got several campaigns that are either started or about to start. We've got a few examples you can click through on the prepared materials of slides that have been put up. They're doing a great job of captivating the market. And I think getting cut through not just with new-to-brand and new-to-cruise on the value that we have. And fortunately for us as much as we've improved on the pricing front in 2023, it's still a big gap versus land. So all of those things are winded our backs and I expect more of that over time. 
Josh Weinstein: Well, yes - good morning, Jaime. So I think we should kind of take a step back and think about our portfolio and how we operate. We've got dedicated brands to European markets but P&O Cruises in the U.K. and AIDA in Germany, Costa, not just for Italy but really Italy, Spain, and France. And all of those are either the biggest in their market or the second biggest in the case of Costco across the Mediterranean. And we didn't deviate from our strategy when it comes to our dedicated market brands. And so they have continued to view those markets as the right thing to be in the long-term and we absolutely support that and we're starting to see the strength of that really come through as we've started talking about the last few quarters. With respect to our North American brands, Carnival has been and will continue to be America's Cruise Line and they're not going to cover off the ball. And there hasn't been not much dramatic change when it comes to sourcing for Holland, America and Princess other than the fact that for Princess they had so much sourcing that was really geared towards markets that have been slow to open in Asia, et cetera. So we've repositioned. We've done a bit of that but I think we're very well positioned to take the strength of the European consumer and the U.K. consumer and continue to ride that into 2024.
Josh Weinstein: Thank you. So candidly, I don't have - been literally for the period that you're referencing the Cyber Monday and Black Friday. I don't have a breakdown of new-to-cruise versus new-to-brand versus brand loyalists. I do have the fourth quarter obviously which includes some of that where our new-to-cruise is obviously up significantly year-over-year 51%. And so you know that is - that is part of the strategy, right, taking oh, that was sale for me. I'm sorry, that was sale. But taking a greater share of folks who have never cruised before is part of the strategy to increase overall demand get them in our pipeline and allow us to raise pricing over time for frankly, everybody. With respect to what's the most cost efficient. Obviously, coming direct on the web is always going to be the most cost effective. I wouldn't make a categorization though that new-to-cruise comes in a particular way because it really depends on the characteristic of the new-to-cruise guest themselves what brand it is, what's the itinerary length, et cetera. Now clearly a lot of new-to-cruise will over index on the shorter cruises because they're trying it out for the first time and that lends itself to maybe also a younger crowd which is more comfortable just playing around on the net and doing things direct. But I mean, frankly speaking, historically, and I expect this to continue, our trade partners are absolutely critical in driving new-to-cruise to us. And we've relied on them for decades to do that. And we will rely on them for decades more and they have done a great job of really catching up to where we've been in the curve and year-over-year they're showing great strength as well.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. And the only thing I would add - let me just have one thing, Robin, which is our focus is on generating the most revenue possible when that ship leaves on its cruise. And that can be a combination of optimizing that price and occupancy relationship. So there's no magic to getting back to 2019, high watermark of 107% and we play in the fringes. We play in that 104% to 107% to make sure that when you combine that ending point along with the pricing, it's the happiest we can be.
Josh Weinstein: One thing to stress, right, we just came up with a fourth quarter, which everybody's loss over real quick but it was up 10.5 in price. That's what we're going to lap you know when we get through 2024. If you think about our booked business, we have the most to go in the fourth quarter. Not surprisingly, it's the farthest out. So as we build towards that and we cycle through the first quarter in the second quarter, we're the most booked. We just have to fill and get over a larger hurdle, which we expect to do. But we have to take that whole thing into the equation when we're giving full year guidance.
Josh Weinstein: I didn't think we get end to the call without you trying to get ahead of 2024 guidance and looking at 2025.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. Yes. Well, let me start with that we have it's tiny in the grand scheme of things still. I mean, we're because you're talking about Carnival Cruise Line, which doesn't have a lot of short programs et cetera with it. They don't really start booking. So it's a tiny amount now. We'll give color as we get 2024 in that respect. So we'll come back to that. With respect to your other points, we've said this is this is a big investment. This is half a billion dollar type of investment. And we can do that obviously, in 2025. We only have one ship. And we have none in 2026. So we think this is the right way to optimize our resources and really benefit the Carnival brand and you've heard us say 18 ships from day one. So we are very, very excited about that. I don't want to get ahead. I really want to do a good job of disciplining myself to not get ahead of Christine Duffy, who really wants to and should talk about what this experience is going to be like and more to come in 2024. And I can't wait for you to listen to Christine and hear all about it.
Josh Weinstein: Obviously, our first priority is going to be safety and we have - that's already on our radar screen and we've got Middle East mitigation plan should we need it, but keep in mind this is months away. And so we'll do the right thing. But there's always something. I hate to say it that way, but there is always something, and our brand…
Josh Weinstein: Yes. So, all right, I think with that we do have to end it, but I'd say Happy Holidays to everybody, and thank you very much. Have a good new year.
David Bernstein: Yes, no. So I was not trying to give individual guidance for each quarter. What I was trying to do is say that that three quarters collectively together would average 3%. We will see some, you know, year-over-year differences versus 2023. You know, a great example of that is that the dry dock days will be down in second quarter, but there'll be up in fourth. So there will be differences. There's also advertising seasonalization differences in other things. So I was not trying to say 3% every quarter - just 3% on average for the three.
David Bernstein: Yes. So, keep in mind that 2019 was the high watermark for occupancy, and we look back to like 2005, and the historical occupancy levels were in the range of 104% to 107%. So what we're saying is we will be solidly back to historical occupancy levels, but we weren't saying we're going to be back to the high watermark of 2019. So keep that in mind. The other thing about considerably higher versus the nicely higher. Keep in mind that you know, last March when we gave guidance, you know, we had thought that our expectation for per diem increases was about 3.5%, and we round up to 7.5%. So we saw some very strong pricing in the back half of the year, and as a result of that on a year-over-year comparison basis, you know, a book position may be considerably higher, but what we're looking to see is at least nicely higher pricing on a per diem basis built into our guidance. So when you put those two factors together hopefully you can understand how we built our guidance. 
David Bernstein: Sure. So, you know, when we were presenting a SEA Change program, I guess it was you know, in June, we were talking about the fact that low single-digits, but I did say we'd have some outsized impacts in 2024 due to occupancy, both on the yield and on the cost. So the 4.5% I also had indicated that occupancy would probably cost 0.5 to two points this year. So we are you know, in that low-single digits, equation that was built into the model. So I feel like we are very well positioned and as Josh indicated, we're ahead of where we expected to be on our way towards achieving those targets.
David Bernstein: Yes. No, I mean, you're right. It was all brands and we saw strength in bookings. And our brands did a great job. Yield managing the revenue and taking price up. And so as a result of that, you saw the end result.
David Bernstein: Sure. So to start with, you saw our interest expense guidance in the press release. It was close to $100 million less than 2023. And keep in mind that while we did pay down quite a bit of debt, the average balance for the year is for 2024 is probably like $2.5 billion less than 2023. So that will lower interest expense by $200 million, but also keep in mind that we have less cash on the books and with declining interest income rates that probably is offsetting the savings by about $100 million. So, that's why it's a net decline of about $100 million in interest expense on a year-over-year basis. Looking at the debt level, I actually said this in my notes, in 2024, we are looking at about - I think it's $2.1 billion of scheduled maturities. But we will be replacing that debt with the $2.3 billion of export credits that we take on. So - but in addition to that, we have built in some prepayments of debt into our guidance. And as I said, we are evaluating that. So we do expect to see debt to go down in 2024. However, we do expect to see strong deleveraging from a metrics perspective because our EBITDA grows substantially. So our debt to EBITDA will also improve.
David Bernstein: So we are looking at both. As far as we expect to continue to prepay debt and to continue the deleveraging. But on top of that, we also expect to look at some potential refinancing which really would drive the interest cost down. And so we'll see how - what opportunities are presented to us in 2024. And if it makes sense, we'll take advantage of them.
Robin Farley: Great, Thank you. I wanted to circle back to your yield guidance and just looking at the recovery and occupancy to normal - to previous levels being maybe 600 to 700 basis points kind of implies that your per diem guidance is maybe less than 2% growth. So I just - I don't know if I'm doing the math wrong there if there's anything to clarify. And then also, you've talked about the price on the books for next year being considerably higher, but your yield guidance for the year. It's just nicely higher, which I think the David Bernstein glossary is like a would be a deceleration - any help.
Robin Farley: If I - if I remember if I'm interpreting the glossary correctly, I think that implies sort of a deceleration in the price there. So just - is that just because the onward growth rate while up is lower, and so that brings like considerably a higher price to just nicely higher yield, or maybe my glossary definition is wrong, but maybe you could help us with that and with the math on the per diems to begin with. Thanks.
Robin Farley: That makes perfect sense. Thank you. Thank you. And then just one last clarification. On your SEA Change, on the expense side you've talked about the three year being up low single-digit in like 2024, 2025, 2026 each year, this year of - or 2024 guidance up 4.5%, you know, probably above low single-digit kind of implies very, very low expense growth in 2025 and 2026. Is that how we should think about in other words, there's not a change in your - the three year average would be up low single-digit, even though it's a bit more in 2024 than I would suggest. And again, possibly you're just being conservative, but I don't know if you had a thought on how we should think about how much better that would be in 2020 would have to be in 2025 and 2026 to keep your SEA Change expense target? Thank you. 
