Howard S. Frank: Good morning, everyone. We are all here in Miami: David Bernstein, our Chief Financial Officer; Beth Roberts, VP of Investor Relations; and Micky Arison, Chairman and CEO of Carnival Corporation. Before we proceed with the formal comments this morning, I'm going to just turn it over to Micky.
Howard S. Frank: Steve, this is Howard. Actually, based on our current forecasting, we are estimating that Q3 and Q4 yields will be down in the same relative range of 3% to 4%. I said 3% to 4% down in Q3. My guess is it will be in that range in Q4 as well. So I'm not quite sure how you did your calculation, but that's the way our numbers work.
Howard S. Frank: The first quarter -- yes, yields were up, close to 3%, I think, on a constant dollar basis. What I suggest is go -- I think Beth can take you through it, but I think that's just the way the numbers work right now. But Q3 and Q4 basically look like they're going to be in line. There's always more -- the further out you go right now, it's always more difficult to predict. But I think Q3 is -- they're not -- while we're behind, there's still not that much inventory left to sell so...
Howard S. Frank: I think it's pretty well understood that Europe has been challenging this year. I think everybody understood that, particularly for the North American brands, and that continues to be the case although -- we're well into it now, and it's pretty much full. So we pretty much know where we are.
Howard S. Frank: And the third quarter -- there's not that much left to sell. Even though we're behind maybe by a point or 2, there's not that much left to sell in Q3.
Howard S. Frank: I'm confident in the guidance we gave right now. To be honest with you, I think we're going to -- the numbers aren't going to change dramatically, I think, for the second half of the year.
Howard S. Frank: Yes. What I said is we had to do more promotions, especially for the European programs, or where there was other programs where there was a major air component.
Howard S. Frank: Yes. I mean, AIDA's -- there was that period, I think, subsequent to mid-January, where business was quite soft. But their business has come back quite nicely. And as I mentioned, their yields are slightly down. I'm not -- what I think -- I don't think they're dramatically different than when we -- how we originally budgeted the year for AIDA. So they're holding quite nicely, and they picked up a lot of booking momentum. It took a while to come back, but it's a very, very powerful brand in the German-speaking markets, and it's doing quite well. It just -- it seems to be -- has normalized quite nicely.
Howard S. Frank: It's too early to say. But I don't know that we've ever necessarily seen it that way. It certainly indicates that consumer spend is up, but there are a lot of elements to that 1% improvement.
Howard S. Frank: I think they're really very different markets. I think in Australia we're seeing -- we are being challenged. There's a lot more capacity coming into the Australian market, including our own capacity. So yields are -- on a year-over-year basis, pricing has been down. But it's still a very, very profitable market for us, and our pricing seems to be -- we're able to get a whole lot of better [ph] pricing with our brands in Australia than we see our competitors getting right now. So we're very pleased with Australia. And = it's likely that we may be through the worst part of it in terms of the additional capacity. Next year, Carnival brings a ship down to Australia, and it's performing quite nicely right now. So we're very pleased with Australia. In Asia, it's a pretty positive situation. We moved the larger ship into the China market, the Costa Victoria, and it's doing quite well. And we expected that we would be breakeven this year in Asia, or maybe make a little bit of positive cash flow, and that looks like it's going to be the case so far. So bookings -- pricing in Asia or in Southeast Asia or in China is quite good right now.
Howard S. Frank: Yes. As a result of that. Mickey's right on. Next -- beginning next spring, we're bringing a second Costa ship to Asia, the Costa Atlantica. The situation is really developing nicely.
Howard S. Frank: Well, South America business for us is mostly -- mostly begins this coming winter, but it's shaping up nicely. As I mentioned, Costa's pricing at this point for Q1 is up year-over-year. A large -- a good part of their itinerary is -- they have 4 ships in South America this winter, and so those ships are doing nicely. Ibero, to be honest with you, I don't -- I'll get back and I -- I don't know the Ibero pricing in South America for this winter yet.
Howard S. Frank: Sharon, the way the demand profiles work is your Q3, your summer quarter, is your quarter of your strongest demand in your business. And so when you get into Q4, it's a little bit more of a struggle in terms of demand. Ships are coming back from Europe or coming through -- going back from Alaska. So it's always -- fourth quarter is always more of a challenge in terms of demand stimulation, and all we're saying right now is that Q4 will be like Q3 in terms of yields.
Howard S. Frank: So I wouldn't want to get into a hypothetical about if you get back all your revenue yield losses in 2013, what it would look like. I think that, that could be -- I don't want to mislead anybody, because I don't think that's going to happen. It's going to take a couple of years for this to come back.
Howard S. Frank: As people become more and more comfortable booking directly, it's easier for them to just do the bookings. It's such a natural occurrence almost.
Howard S. Frank: I mean, Kevin, in terms of the marketing efforts, I indicated that -- how we were booking over the last 7 weeks. And the volumes are up significantly during this period. So clearly, the marketing -- I'm talking broadly now. I'm not just talking about one particular brand. So the marketing efforts have worked to recapture some of the lost business, albeit it's been at lower prices than we would've liked.
Howard S. Frank: Yes. And on the Costa brand strategy, I think you're right. I think, initially, the thinking was, based on advice they were getting from marketing consultants in Europe, was that to -- and it was very early in the process, that the strategy would be just to maintain price and that you -- regards to how you price the product would be difficult to start to generate a lot of bookings. I think that changed over time as they got further and further away from the incident. And the marketing people came back and said, no, no, no, let's -- after they did a lot of market tests and decided that let's go ahead and start to use price and see if we can stimulate the market and regenerate the bookings, and that happened.
Howard S. Frank: I think it's too early to say. I think in Q1, I think our yields were up close to 3% on an overall basis for the first quarter of 2012. So what I said is that comps would be more challenging. And also, as you roll out of these -- eventually, as you roll out of these price incentives, you're still booking business in Q1 that will probably have some impact of some of this lower pricing in Q1. But so far, if you look at the overall pricing picture, although I think we're still behind on occupancies in Europe, the pricing picture so far was positive in Europe, including Costa. So I think a lot depends on how quickly the bookings will come back and how quickly we get the volumes back to backfill the space that we lost.
Howard S. Frank: All right, that works out just fine, Jennifer. Okay. Well, thank you all for listening in. And any follow-up questions, Beth will be around to take care of that. She enjoys that.
Micky M. Arison: But it sounds like the assumption is wrong. So maybe after the call you can follow through with Beth and see where this -- yes.
Micky M. Arison: And we're going -- and by the way, these are only -- they're only modest changes, yield from -- in North America and Europe from previous -- I think it's important to put in context that when the incident occurred, it was the 2nd week of January, which is really the peak of the beginning of wave season. And when we reported, it was March 5, only a few weeks into that. So we estimated how deep the hole was and how much we'd have to incentivize to get that hole filled, and we missed by what appears to be a rounding error at this stage.
Micky M. Arison: I mean, we always know [ph]. Obviously, we only give guidance that we're confident in. But we never know -- you never know, we never know about hurricanes. We never know about the election season. I mean, there's a lot of things that can happen between now and then. But based on everything we know today, we're very confident.
Micky M. Arison: They've been implemented, and our volumes are up substantially, as we said in the press release. So they've been implemented, and they're working. And they're working very significantly, obviously at Costa and well in the other brands as well.
Micky M. Arison: I don't think we're comfortable preempting the board. That's a board decision, and I think our position is basically what it has historically been. We're going to return free cash flow to shareholders in a combination of ways: dividends and stock buyback, depending on what the board decides.
Micky M. Arison: And I think we explained -- I'm not sure if it was on the prior call, but we suspended the repurchasing for a while for -- but the reasons...
Micky M. Arison: Sensitive to the issues regarding the incident. But as David said, we're now back and prepared to continue.
Micky M. Arison: The impact is what it is. It's what we anticipated back in March. It's just -- like I said, a rounding error because it's just a little bit more extensive than we thought. But overall, it's pretty much what we thought after missing such a significant part of wave season. So I'm not sure I understand what you mean by the depth in your question. But...
Micky M. Arison: The range we had was 2 to 4, and now it's 3 to 4. So again, it's a fraction of a point that we're talking about. So yes, we gave -- we did do a little bit more than we had anticipated in March. But again, in March, we're only a few weeks into the situation. So I think we did a pretty good job of guesstimating what would need to be done to fill that hole. But we didn't get it 100% right, but we still got it within the range. So...
Micky M. Arison: It depends what the band is at the time that we meet. I mean, we meet on a regular basis and discuss this. Again, we look at this -- or I look at this anyway as insurance. It was, at the time, cheap insurance. It's now become a little bit more expensive insurance. But that's what it is. It's insurance, and we keep looking at -- we meet on this on a regular basis, and if opportunistically we can get lower bands, we obviously would take advantage of that at the time.
Micky M. Arison: They had a naming ceremony in Hamburg for their new ship, and to give you a sense of the power -- the viewership on the river were -- was 1.4 million people. Actually, more people showed up to see the naming ceremony of that ship than the Diamond Jubilee, [indiscernible] a pretty powerful brand.
Micky M. Arison: In March, we really were unsure whether we could move occupancy at all. And we discussed that a lot, that we were going to do continuous surveys to see whether -- if we put stimulus in the market, if it would work. We didn't want to put pricing stimulus just to put it in there without having the response. And what we found is, relatively quickly, that with pricing stimulus, we could generate significant demand because of the strength of the brand in its key markets. And so the occupancy levels versus where we thought we were in March are significantly higher, but the pricing offset virtually all of that. But we're far more pleased with this kind of result than what we were talking about in March, because it is accelerating, in my mind and I think the mind of management, the comeback of the brand, to have full ships or relatively close to full ships, with happy passengers coming back, enjoying the brand and saying what a wonderful time they had. It generates a whole different ambience onboard, creates onboard revenue. There's lots and lots of positive elements of having higher occupancies than we had anticipated. So compared to March, the occupancies are significantly better. The response is significantly better to the incentives that were put in place than we thought in March.
Micky M. Arison: I mean, I do think that all of our brands have put a lot greater emphasis on being creative on ways, whether it's Fun Ship 2.0 or other programs out there, that will generate more onboard revenue. So it's really hard to say whether -- how much of it is -- if you talk to the marketing, the onboard marketing guys, they'll tell you it's all them. So it's hard to tell how much is that and how much is just consumers willing to spend more.
Micky M. Arison: And we're entering the Japanese market with Princess. So we're aggressively starting to size up in Asia, and we're very, very, very optimistic that we're starting to see that opportunity come to fruition.
Micky M. Arison: It’s still early. Still early, because South America season is basically mid-December to mid-March, so it's a very short season. It’s still quite early. But early indications are positive.
Micky M. Arison: What you have to remember is our fourth quarter includes September. September through October is still very heavy Med period, but you've lost the Baltic, which is your highest-yielding European business because it's the end of the season, and those ships move back into the Mediterranean. So your capacity in the Mediterranean for half the fourth quarter is actually higher, as Beth pointed out.
Micky M. Arison: The U.K. wasn't really impacted as much as anywhere else. I mean, the U.K. held up pretty well throughout the year, throughout the process. Germany had to have bounced back.
Micky M. Arison: Yes. It had to have bounced back. We're hesitant on Italy and France, only because Costa is our primary brand in those markets. Obviously, the volumes now are very, very strong at significantly lower prices. So the one -- the areas that we're very clear on is that Spain is terrible, U.K. has been fine and Germany has bounced back and, I think, is fine.
Micky M. Arison: Yes. I think we said at the time of the incident that it's likely that first-time cruisers would be more impacted than experienced cruisers as experienced cruisers understand both the value and the safety of the product, while first-timers may not. At the time of our March call, we said that while it's kind of intuitive that, that may happen, we have no empirical evidence that it did happen. I can say now that we have empirical evidence that it did happen and that first-time cruisers did decline and were impacted. Our surveys clearly show that they were impacted by the events. And hopefully, the further we get away from those events, the more likely it will -- they will bounce back.
Micky M. Arison: Right. But we see it in actual -- we now see it in actual bookings, and we now see it in actual surveys that demand from first-time cruisers has declined since the incident. We're hopeful, as we get further along, that, that will start to rebound.
Micky M. Arison: Well, as we've said, we basically gave up pricing for occupancy, and it was awash. So on the booking curve, it's a function -- it's purely a function of the hole that was created during wave and the need to fill that hole, which meant that there was a requirement by the brands for closer-in business. So I don't know if that is a booking curve issue or an issue that you had this hole that was created, starting in the 2nd week in January. I mean -- so it's a very unique set of circumstances that -- we really haven't experienced before anything quite like it. And I don't see any reason why, over time, and I mean relatively short time, as we catch up on occupancy, and we're getting there, that the booking curve won't go back to where it was traditionally. But we needed to be more close in because we have some space to sell.
Micky M. Arison: Yes. And remember also, we have taken both the Concordia and the Allegra out of Costa's, and they sold the Marina. So compared to where we were a year ago, looking forward, they are 3 ships -- they're down 3 ships. So clearly, their earnings can't be what it would have been had they had those 3 ships.
Micky M. Arison: Well, first of all, the answer to that is no. But I think it's important to understand that we don't believe we've effectively reduced commission rates from the standpoint of the travel agencies' community, because there was so significant discounting and rebating going on, that their in-pocket commission was far less than what they have now. And so I think the clear indication, based on what we've said about the U.K. market and how it has held up through this whole period, is that our team in the U.K. made a very, very good decision. Travel agents, in effect, are getting, overall, better compensated, because they are not rebating, and pricing stability has been brought to the marketplace. So I think it was an overall strong decision for the U.K., but it was a unique issue in the U.K. that doesn't really exist quite the same anywhere else. So no, there's no plans to reduce compensation. It's still the North American, and I should say Italy, France, Germany. The travel agency distribution is still a very, very critical part of our overall distribution strategy. They've been supportive of us, and we continue to be supportive of them.
Micky M. Arison: Brooklyn, we put the mustard on the hotdog. All I can say is that -- we said that the free cash flow will be distributed to shareholders. Clearly, we have board members who prefer dividends. Remember, we have a mixture of board members who are more U.K.-centric, and we have board members who are more U.S.-centric. So we have both views. We have views that are aggressive toward buyback, and we have views that are aggressive toward dividend, and we try to find a happy balance. And we will continue to try to do that.
Micky M. Arison: But let me add that we haven't increased the marketing budgets of any of our brands beyond Costa. Costa right now is pumping a lot of marketing dollars, again, not just to create volume but to rebuild the brand and so on. So other than Costa, all the others are working within what we would have anticipated as their normal marketing budgets at the beginning of the year.
Micky M. Arison: From the second week of January to the last week in March, they totally stayed out of the marketplace. And beginning of April, when we felt comfortable that the market perception were clearly that Costa brand is a great vacation value, one that is highly thought of in their key markets and those numbers stabilized to pre-incident level, we went heavy, and it worked.
Micky M. Arison: We continue to work extremely hard on it. We have a lot of R&Ds going on, a lot of investment going on, and we'd anticipate this type of continued reduction in fuel consumption for the foreseeable future.
David Bernstein: Yes. The fourth quarter is -- I mean, 2.9% up on constant dollars in the first quarter, 1.4% down in the second.
David Bernstein: Yes, we did resume the share repurchase during the last quarter, but we only wound up purchasing about 150,000 shares. Our share repurchase program is designed to be opportunistic, and we are being patient given the market volatility. And at the moment, it's actually $330 million that remains on the program.
David Bernstein: And our free cash flow this year, given our new guidance, we would expect it to be in the range of $300 million to $400 million, using the midpoint of the guidance.
David Bernstein: You also have some cost related to the Costa Concordia incident -- oh, you're talking about the second quarter...
David Bernstein: Yes, I'll have to get -- I don't have the detail with me here. I'll have to -- we'll get back to you on that.
David Bernstein: Well, we are seeing some increases in onboard. We were very pleased. In fact, we took the guidance up almost 1 point on onboard from March to the June guidance. So the trend is very favorable, and I hope it is a leading indicator.
David Bernstein: Yes, well the onboard is actually -- I said it was flat on the European brands, despite the lower occupancy. So you're actually seeing some additional spending on a per diem basis. So the onboard spend per person is going up. It was just we had a couple of points less occupancy on the brand. So flat on a yield basis.
David Bernstein: And getting back to Steve's question on other ship operating expenses, the 2 reasons for the decline year-over-year in the second quarter, one was dry dock. We had significantly less dry-dock days in the second quarter this year than the prior year. One of the things we mentioned was, in the first quarter call, we had significantly more dry-dock days in the first quarter of 2012 than '11. So that was just a seasonality on dry dock. And the other thing was currency. The euro was 1.43 last year in the second quarter on average. And this year, it was 1.31. So currency has driven the number down as well.
David Bernstein: We also saw, after the global financial crisis and we reduced prices, we also saw an uptick in repeat passengers as well at that time. As Micky said, the people saw the value much quicker and jumped on the bandwagon and started booking.
David Bernstein: I think we're encouraged by the fact that we're still within historical ranges despite all the -- the event and the incidences that occurred.
David Bernstein: And as to the Costa, what they gave up on pricing, they're selling to 20% to 30% below the prior year in order to get the volumes and the occupancy.
David Bernstein: Yes. Direct bookings in last year were 19% of our total business. That has moved up year-over-year. We don't have any specific aspirations. I do expect the number will continue to creep up over time.
David Bernstein: Yes, there are currently surcharges on a couple of the European brands in Germany and the U.K., yes. Fuel supplements.
David Bernstein: And the advertising they were doing was price-driven. They had a very simple message. I think, if I remember correctly, it was like EUR 75 per person per day for May, EUR 85 for June, EUR 95 for July, and that drove bookings.
