Arnold Donald: I'll answer the travel agent, or who we call the distributors in China, questions first. We don't have direct line of sight into their profitability, but what I can tell you is that our relationships are strong, they continue to book with us. Our actual occupancies on sailings are the same and we're seeing great results. And we see no easing of interest or demand or anything from the distributors. And the best line of sight we have is that the relationship is working for us and for them, and is definitely working for us. You had a question, I'll let David answer directly the question you asked of him.
Arnold Donald: I think, Steve, the main point is China is a very positive story for us, it's strong, it's a contributor, it only represents 5% of our capacity today. So we were well-positioned from that regard as well. But it's definitely a nice add and we certainly have benefited from it and see continued strength.
Arnold Donald: Well, obviously, we're going to strive to do better, but what we experienced so far, it gives us conviction to maintain our guidance, and actually we've increase guidance by a nickel. And we feel very positive about our booking situation, so obviously we're going to strive to do even better. But at this point, with all the dynamics around the rest of the world, and the fact that the Caribbean, which has been very strong for us becomes a smaller percent of the total in the subsequent quarters, we think it's prudent to stick with the guidance we've given.
Arnold Donald: The CCL decision, the Carnival brand decision in China, when they originally gave their estimate, it was a preliminary thing. As they got into the detailed deployment planning, we have a number of home ports here in the U.S. serviced by the brand. And as they looked at moving ships, ships fit in certain ports, not in other, so on and so forth, it just became prudent for them to look at launching in '18 rather than in '17, but it's strictly around deployment planning, they had nothing to do with the environment in China.
Arnold Donald: First of all, obviously our thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and their families in the Brussels situations. It's really too early for us to know the exact impact of that. Historically, there has been some temporary impact from events like this and the level of the impact depends on a lot of different factors. But historically, eventually people adapt. We don't know exactly where we're in the process at this point, but right now we see no reason to change guidance. And as you know, our philosophy is, things happen every year, and we anticipate that without knowing exactly where or what things will happen and we factor that in to an extent, so it's too early to see the full fallout of that, but at this point in time, we're comfortable with the guidance that we've given and see no reason to change it.
Arnold Donald: There is always in every year some itinerary adjustments. And we go where people want to go. So if we see there is a heavy reaction from guests about going to particular itinerary we have previously planned, obliviously we will choose to alter that. So yes, there have been some changes in some of the ports in Turkey, for example, this year. We still have a number of brands going to Turkey. And we are in constant contact with every intelligence agency in the world and all the various security and enforcement agencies as well. Safety to our guests is number one. But frankly, right now, we see more just, it was driving our decision making is the desire of guests to go to locations, and that's where we are right now.
Arnold Donald: So on the revenue management tool, that we're implementing we have six of our brands that initially will be on the new tool. When it's implemented this summer, we'll only have about 30% of their collective inventory going through the tool. Obviously, that will ramp up over time and we'll have more inventory that goes through it. By the time is up and running, '16 will be pretty much booked, and so the real impact we won't see until '17. But I have to tell you, we are enjoying some benefits now just from the brands collaborating and working on the tool together, sharing lots of information. There is improved decision making going on, on revenue management all along the way, and is definitely contributing to some of the yield improvements that we have enjoyed the past few quarters, including us this past quarter. So overtime, when we go to the next phase of the tool, which will be implemented next year, pretty much all the brands will be using the tool. We have some brands that have already more sophisticated tools than others. And this to, both base flow that will be at one level of sophistication, we put the next layer on top, it will be at a whole another level of sophistication, so we'll have a build of impact over the next few years from having the tool. And it will make a difference.
Arnold Donald: The easiest way to do it is to actually have the distributors experience the brands, because once they go on to ships and experience the brands, the difference is dramatic and very much get a very different feel from one brand to the next in terms of what type of cruise experience it is. And because those brands resonate around the world across different, what we call, psychographic segment, with 1.3 billion people, China is very capable absorbing lots of different brand. And so we see it, at this stage, as we just have a toe in the water. There is an 135 million estimated outbound Chinese tourist today already. And less than 1 million of them or maybe roughly 1 million of them are cruising today. So we haven't even begun to touch the surface hardly, so there's plenty of room and capacity. Our belief is that at the consuming level, at the guest level, that in the price ranges we're in, the guest today are relatively price inelastic, whether I'm in Australia -- I was in Cuba last week, Mainland Chinese filled the paladar that I was in the private restaurant in Havana, I was in. And so they have money, they're able to travel. They're not exactly shopping for price. They fill up the retail outlet and spend several levels higher than the typical tourist would from other places in the world. So we don't see any major barriers at this point except, as you just referred, good communication, execution, training the distribution system, giving them the exposure they need, so they can represent the various brands well. We think there is plenty of room for everybody, for several of our brands, and we're going to bring AIDA in, in '17, and the Carnival brand right now is scheduled to go in, in '18.
Arnold Donald: That again, it's early. In Paris, there was impact on bookings, which faded pretty quickly. May have had some net minor impact on results, but again, it's one of many things affecting us in Europe, and we factor that into our guidance, but its still early for Brussels. We haven't seen anything dramatic yet. The question is how things build and so on. But frankly, again, we've kind of have it in our guidance, barring some major dramatic shift in reactions.
Arnold Donald: You nailed it, both. First of all regulatory first, so we already are talking to Cuba obviously about the other brands and when might they come, and which ports, and so on and so forth. We're looking forward to working with Cuba to help develop the cruise industry there. We think, again, it's is a different story than china, but it's similar and that there's room for everybody. And we're looking it as a refresher for the Caribbean. We think it's going to help us. It's going to help the industry. It's going to help the Caribbean. And it is certainly going to help Cuba. So we're excited. We're very honored and privileged to have been given the honor of being first for approval by Cuba. And we're really enjoying the working relationship and looking forward to working with them. In terms of timing of all this, the logistics do matter too, because our ships, we just talked about, the brands being booked by the summer for '16 pretty much. And so itineraries have been established, guests are planning on going places. As we get additional brands approved by Cuba, those will have to adapt to their current itinerary planning schedule. So practically speaking, while we may have some additional itineraries in 2016, you're probably looking at 2017 for any kind of significant impact.
Arnold Donald: First of all in China, again, it's a unit growth story. We want to keep emphasizing that. But to answer your question, yes, ticket yields are higher than the average for the fleet, and they're forecasted to be that for the year. So that's the truth. But we don't want you guys over focusing on yield, because the real story is the great accretion and earnings that we're getting from China and it is going to be a volume growth story for a while, because at the very beginning, we're nascent in that market, and there is just so much potential in that market. In terms of [multiple speakers].
Arnold Donald: We've never given a range on yields in China, but yields are down on just a year-to-year basis, but we've never given a range and wouldn't do so now.
Arnold Donald: Just onboard in general, onboard revenues for us has increased increase ever year over the last, I don't know, 10 to 12 years, except one. And so onboard revenues tend to increase every year and your question is how much. Last year, we had a large percentage increase on onboard revenues overall. And this year, we've seen again a increase on top of that, not necessarily at the same level as last year, but a nice increase. And so the correlation to economies and all that tend not to -- we have difficulty tracking that and correlating in any specific way even the degree of increase in onboard revenue isn't always correlated to particular economic conditions in a given destination market or given source market. And so there's just so many variables that come into that, not the least of which is us constantly giving guests more of what they want. And if you do that, the guests onboard will spend more. And that's really, the issue for us is always tweaking that and figuring out exactly what do guests want, so we give it to them in the way they want it, what they want in the way they want it. And we continue to grow. So to be honest with you, we haven't seen -- we've tried it every which way and we just haven't seen tight correlations to general economic trends.
Arnold Donald: But that yield improvement in the second quarter, obviously, is consistent with the overall guidance. And it's going to lead us to 20% or better at the midpoint of our current guidance earnings improvement year-over-year.
Arnold Donald: Well, certainly, compared to the prior quarter, the yields are up significantly. So overall pricing at total was stronger, whichever way you want to look at it. And so that means, I don't know whether they gave more packages out or not, but again, that would have been reflected on our onboard versus ticket. But the practical reality across the fleet, we have so many different brands, but across the fleet overall close in was much stronger this year than last period. So that means that they reduced pricing less.
Arnold Donald: Well, yes, you bet. First of all, we do have an authorization. We will do as we've done in the past, which is opportunistically use that authorization. Beyond that, that's a Board decision. The Board is constantly looking at it. In terms of our debt position, we're, as you can tell by our balance sheet, in a pretty good shape. I'll let David add any additional color you would like. Go ahead, David.
Arnold Donald: Well, as you know, we have 10 brands. They all have segments that they are catering to. And they all have their independent marketing plans. We do look at it collectively. We are leveraging our scale in terms of looking at common media buy and those types of things to be even more efficient as paying dividends for us. But the reality is, we are expecting a return on any investment we make and that includes advertising and whether it's mass media advertising, product placement advertising, digital, all the various forms of it, and PR, public relations efforts. So our belief is that we have to keep cruise out in the public space in a positive way on a constant basis, so that when people are considering vacation, there has been enough noise about cruise that, they say, well, I have an idea, let's look at a cruise. And so, the idea is to just keep it out there and that's utilizing all the various forms. There is no question we have created incremental demand. We also know there is no question that an incremental demand has been in part created by the fantastic work of our team members across our 10 brands who literally exceed guest expectations every day when they come onboard. And that word of mouth and that personal experience of having your expectations exceeded is the most powerful marketing tool we have by far. And that is by the work of our people in engineering, the experiences on board and then delivering against it. So to your question, yes, we have increased advertising overall. We will continue to look at it. We don't do it willy-nilly. We do a lot of measuring and tracking to see what kind of impact we get both in attitude and in bookings and so on. And we're constantly monitoring that and tweaking it. But the third-quarter rationale is a peak communication time to prepare for the coming year. And that's why you often see an increase in that period.
Arnold Donald: You bet. Our primary competitor is land-based vacations. One of every two people who cruise in the world cruise with us and we have tremendous respect for the other companies that operate. And we want them to be successful. That helps us a lot. The stronger they are the better it is for us. So having said that we have 10 brands, we have ultra-luxury in Seabourn, we have luxury in Cunard both our Queens Grill and Princess Grill, we have Holland America on Neptune. We have premium brands in Fathom, our newest premium brand, but obviously our long-established premium brands of Princess and Holland America and AIDA. And we have mass contemporary brands like Costa and Carnival. So we look at that, but again, the really important thing about cruise is this, we've had Steve Wozniak, who we pay to lecture on Seabourn, but he pays to go on Carnival, okay, because it's not a demographic choice per se, we have taxi drivers who will save for five years to go on a Seabourn Cruise and we have billionaires who want to sail on Carnival. And the reality is the experience that you're looking for. And each brand is a different experience, caters to a different psychographic market. So we have ultra-luxury brands, luxury brands, premium brands, et cetera, each with their own experience and that's what drives it for us. But for us, we are definitely looking at penetrating more land-based vacations, because all the cabins in the world added up together in the industry represent less than 2% of the hotel rooms in the world. So that means there is 98% of the market to chase as opposed to 1% because of that 2%, 1% is ours already. So that's kind of our approach. End of Q&A
Arnold Donald: Thank you very much. I really appreciate the questions. Thanks for your support. We look forward to talking to you guys next quarter and in between. And as always, feel free to call Beth with any additional questions or insights you might want to offer us. So, thank you.
David Bernstein: Steve the yields are higher than the group average on the ticket prices, but that's not really our key metric. I mean, operating income per ALBD is really the key metric and there too deals are higher. So that is what we're looking at as a metric in terms of overall for China. But one other thing I will add, keep in mind, is since mid last year, the Renminbi is also devalued by 7%. So when you're looking at an apples-to-apples comparison on a current dollar basis, that does affect the overall ticket yield and the overall yields for our China business.
David Bernstein: And let's not forget the benefit that we see in the rest of the world, as a result of the growth in China and the more measured capacity growth in the established market, which is 95% of our business.
David Bernstein: Well, Robin, as I indicated in my comments, the first quarter our revenue yield was worth $0.07, it beat on the guidance. So $0.07, keep in mind, is 0.4 for us in total in terms of the full year yield. And when you take a look at it our yield guidance for the year was approximately 3%. So depending on where you are, if you're 2/10 of a percent below that, and now you're 2/10 a percent above that, so essentially it's still approximately 3%, and the rest of the year it didn't change.
David Bernstein: And far as the booking position, for our EAA brands, which really is the majority of our European program, we said that for Europe, occupancy is ahead of the prior year, at slightly higher prices. And for the seasonal programs for our North American brand, which is really just like 5% of our overall capacity for the company, we said that occupancy was nicely ahead, but the pricing was a little bit lower because of the geopolitical risk and the things that Arnold had indicated.
David Bernstein: That was for the whole year. And as I think I had indicated in the December call, the way we do our guidance is we include the shares that we purchased to date, because as we've always said, our share repurchase program is opportunistic, so built into our guidance, does not include any future share repurchases. And as I mentioned, we do have almost $700 million left on that second $1 billion, so we do have the opportunity to continue to repurchase.
David Bernstein: I'll start with fuel. You probably noticed that overall, for the year, our guidance is $2 per metric ton better. At the moment in time that we did the December call versus our March guidance, I mean Brent was within $1. The crack spread was virtually the same. So the numbers moved very little on the fuel side. Of course, we have a little benefit there. We had offsetting that with some additional derivative losses. So the overall fuel number was negligible in terms of a change from our December guidance. Currency did move against us. And remember, we have a basket of currencies, so it depends on the movement. The one currency from December through March that moved the most was the British pound. And if you look back, we were using $1.51 as the rate for the British pound back in December. The rate now, I think in our press release in the second quarter was like $1.43, so there was like a 5% movement. So depending on what you're looking at because of the different basket in currencies and the movements, the British pound is the biggest impact. And that was a negative impact on our bottomline. And that's what drove the majority of the currency drag.
David Bernstein: Felicia, sorry, I apologize. The reason why we had said the high end of the range was 4%, it related to the $3.40. And when you start looking at the midpoint of our guidance, it was a $0.30 range and a point of yield is $0.15. So we had said, the $3.40 related to a 1% higher yield or 4%. So obviously, time has gone on and we narrowed the range down to a $0.20 range. But we're giving you the best estimate that we can. It's still relatively close to approximately 4% at the high end.
David Bernstein: It really hasn't change significantly from the December guidance, the ticket and onboard. The December guidance, we used about 2% for onboard. And it was a little over 3% for ticket, and it [ph] did round into approximately 3%.
David Bernstein: The other question was about the counting reclassification, which yes, we built into the guidance in December and we built that into the guidance in March. There is no change in the methodology there. And it is about 1%.
David Bernstein: And also keep in mind, that the overwhelming majority of our British guests sail on P&O Cruises, which is the British pound onboard, so as far as they're concerned, there really is no change. Of course, it does affect on a translation basis, those onboard revenues into U.S. dollars, but it doesn't change their spending patterns onboard. And as far as the overall cruise revenue yields are concerned, we have talked in December, between our North America brands and our EAA brands. We were expecting increases in both segments of our business. The increases were slightly better in the North American brands than the EAA brands. Once you net out the accounting reclassification, which I had mentioned, affected the EAA brands in December.
David Bernstein: And as far as the derivatives, you said unrealized, but I think what you meant is how much was in our guidance in terms of realized losses on the fuel derivatives for the year and the number is about $330 million of realized losses.
David Bernstein: So we are ahead on bookings, but we don't give the details for competitive reasons about exactly what percentage points we are ahead. So we just rather leave it more general. And as far as the comparisons on the quarterly basis, the second quarter is lower than the first quarter, but you got to remember, you got to look back against the prior year, the second quarter last year was much stronger than the first quarter. We were up 2% more in the second quarter. So it has a tougher comparison in the prior year. As well as the fact that, in the first quarter this year, we had indicated, we were 47% in the Caribbean versus 30% in the second quarter. The Caribbean was a very strong market for us. And so you are seeing some differences between the first and second quarter in terms of yield increases.
David Bernstein: When we package -- what you're talking about is some value-added packages. And when we provide those value-added packages, we do segregate a portion of the revenue and record it in onboard. So you wouldn't see an artificial drive-up in ticket prices from a value-added package.
David Bernstein: A little over 50%, and 5.4 million barrels in 2018, which is less than 50%. But as Arnold said, we're collared out almost three years. So we're comfortable with our current position. We constantly talk about it and analyze it and think about it. But as you said, we haven't done any fuel derivatives since it was October of '14. And we'll give it more consideration as we go forward.
David Bernstein: We have said many times that we would return all our excess free cash flow to the shareholders. We have done that. We did get the second $1 billion authorization from the Board of Directors. We'll be opportunistic, as we purchase throughout the rest of this year. And when we get completed with that we'll take a look and we'll talk to the Board about what's next. But you've to keep in mind, this is a Board decision, so we don't want to preempt the Board. But when we get done with the $700 million, we'll look at potentially what's next in the program.
