Arnold Donald: There is no question, the legislative embargo was lifted, Cuba is a tremendous opportunity. There is a lot of pent-up demand to visit Cuba. It would allow us some very fuel efficient itineraries, also just new itineraries for those who love to go to Caribbean. There is about 11 ports, that are able today to accommodate our ships. There are some size restrictions, and those particularly in Havana. So we have a variety of ships and different sizes that can go to multiple ports. The Havana port specifically has a relatively shallow drafts, that will take some smaller ships that can't be drenched because of some of them over there -- the tunnels that is there. But there will be investment in ports and all the infrastructure required all the time, should the legislative embargo be lifted. But we are excited about the prospects for Cuba, and it would definitely create the demand that we need to have the relative scarcity to drive yields.
Arnold Donald: Okay. And then your first question was back on Costa again; look, the reality is, we have moved on, and we are focused now on driving yields and containing costs. But as you guys asked the questions about previous points in time and performance; clearly, we feel the cost of recovery was impaired by the environment and economic environment in Europe. But we had a good year in Costa; we had excellent improvement in profitability and expect to grow again next year.
Arnold Donald: Europe is not one market, so you have the U.K., you have the Baltic, the Mediterranean, and so on. The brand sorts differently, in terms of their source markets, the countries people come from that, the weight of all that. So those are very three different brands; AIDA, the German brand, almost exclusively sourced in the German market, serves Germans almost exclusively, so that brand is not very-very well and continues to do so. The U.K. is heavily sourced, obviously with U.K. folks, and whatever happens in the U.K. and [indiscernible]. But Cunard is a global brand; Cunard sources from the U.K., North America, Asia, everywhere. So you are talking about apples, oranges and apricots kind of a thing. So we would not expect them to move in unison, because Europe is not one place, and even those brands, not all source exclusively from Europe. But Costa is doing well, Cunard is doing well, its just P&O, which I did mention and AIDA is doing very well.
Arnold Donald: Well first of all, with regards to return on invested capital, our plan has always been -- we weren't counting on fuel to drop, and we don't know what fuel is going to do in the future. So we need to get double digit return on invested capital regardless. Now clearly, if fuel continues where it is or drops further, that would accelerate the timeline, to get to the double digit return on invested capital. But we need to get there, regardless, so that's number one. And number two is that, we are protecting against spikes, so we want to protect against the downside, and there is all kinds of debate around hedging, and any cost of money to hedging, and you have to decided whether its worth it. In our case right now, we didn't hedge, and so we have been able to benefit in the recent drops in fuel prices that we had hedged. Before this, we wouldn't be enjoying quite as much benefit as we are today.
Arnold Donald: We will review it consistently. Our current recommendation is to maintain the color, practice that we have. But I am sure that that will be a conversation going forward.
Arnold Donald: I think the way to look at it is, first of all we have got 550 drydock days in plan for 2015, that's a 50% increase over what occurred in 2014. There is no normal for drydock days, but if you want a number on average to think about over time, that would average out as probably in the 400 to 450 day type of range. In terms of the technologies, the fuel consumption saving technologies, as well as the exhaust cleaning systems; that's peaking for certain this year, in 2015. A lot of that will be done by 2016, and we should be pretty much done with that, completely by 2017. But there will be a major tailwind for 2016, from the reduced number of drydock days, 2016 compared to 2015.
Arnold Donald: Yes, it will be in that range. We have to plan -- there is also other enhancements that we may put onboard, to drive revenue and so on. But directionally, you're absolutely right.
Arnold Donald: Well first of all, it continues to evolve obviously, and in reality, if there is pent-up demand. What we have done is, based on the experience of Costa, which has been there since 2006, we have gone with Italy's finest as the theme for the Costa brand, and that's marketed through the various distributors in China, who market directly to the Chinese public, as well as there is general marketing effort through internet and through TV. On Princess side of things, they were offering international experience from an American type perspective. We have catered a number of the features on the ships to the Chinese consuming public. But we are all fortunate whether its ourselves or others in the industry that are participating in that market. It’s a very large market. There is pent-up demand, and we will continue to learn, to perfect both the guest experience onboard, as well as how to reach out to the Chinese public, that is eligible for cruising.
Arnold Donald: Right now, we are seeing yield improvements. But over time, depending on how things evolve there, there could be periods of out of sync capacity introductions to demand. But right now for 2015, where we have line of sight, demand is strong, and we are anticipating yield improvement and continued progress in China.
Arnold Donald: Again a little more complicated than that. Its not just the Fun Ship 2.0 investment that would drive onboard revenues. But onboard revenue lift was strong, as we indicated in 5% in the fourth quarter. We don't see that as an ongoing run-rate of improvement, but we certainly see strong improvement and have that in our plan, to the guidance we have given you going forward. Some of that comes from not so much Fun Ship 2.0, but some different things we have done and we have learned through the brand collaboration and coordination and seeing all other things, and clearly some of it does come directly from the Fun Ship 2.0.
Arnold Donald: Okay, with regard to Costa, China and then the European context, Costa is doing very well, but obviously as you move ships out, you have got less capacity in Europe. But in terms of the capacity out there, is higher performing [indiscernible]. We just don't give details by brand, but the reality is Costa has had a very nice recovery in Europe, and has set a strong performance in Asia. I will let David answer your exchange question.
Arnold Donald: Let me make a quick comment before David answers; first of all, we have made progress against that 3%, we lost some of that progress when we sold the ship. But we got net positives from the sale of the ship, but the reality is, it was a drag on the cost side that David had added.
Arnold Donald: First of all, in terms of the onboard, we expect it to continue, I just don't want you guys locked in on a 5% run rate. We will work hard to do that in better, but we are not forecasting that kind of a run rate going forward. But we absolutely expect it to do better going forward, and the improvement is included in the plan. In terms of overall though, Carnival is on a very good track, and we are very pleased with that. I do want to answer your question specifically though so, if you want to restate part of it, I will.
Arnold Donald: Well it’s a combination too, if you ask an industry demand, certainly, because there was so much capacity in the Caribbean. Overall, the industry saw more people failing, and therefore by definition, there was increased demand. Our take of [ph] yield was up in that period, and we are forecasting it to be up certainly in the second, third and fourth quarters next year, helped by the fact that there will be significant capacity reduction late in the second quarter, going into the third quarter, but also helped by the performance of the brand itself, and then the overall efforts we have on the way, to create demand.
Arnold Donald: The guidance is the same. We have mitigated what would have been a $0.35 a share impact, down to $0.10 for next year; and overtime that will disappear, that will be reduced in 2016 and all but gone in 2017.
Arnold Donald: Okay. First of all, I hope that's really test, because you are still on the phone with us. For the second part, David go ahead.
Arnold Donald: Okay everyone, thank you very much. Happy Holidays, we are clearly excited about what we have going on here and we look forward to seeing you throughout the new year.
Arnold Donald: Yeah. Take a look at worldleadingcruiselines.com, look at the spots and get ready for the Super Bowl.
David Bernstein: We're talking about a range that is $0.30 wide, which is essentially two points of yield, and so at the high end of the range, from the midpoint you're probably either talking about a point additional yield, or something less than a point of additional yield, and something at a slightly less costs. Those are the types of things in terms of the guidance range that we are looking at.
David Bernstein: Overall, we are looking at yields in Europe to be up, we are looking it both for the seasonal European program for our North American brands, as well as our EAA brands. So we have positive yields included in the forecast for both, and we feel very good about that. We give you our best guess all the time, and so up approximately 2% is our best guess, given what we are seeing. But remember, wave season is a few weeks, and we will have a much better indication of demand, when we get into January-February timeframe.
David Bernstein: Let me answer on the loss, Steve, the losses on the ship sales and ship impairments. What was included in the fourth quarter, was relating to the three ships that we talked about, that will be leaving the fleet, and that was the $70 million in the fourth quarter. The impairments relate to prior periods, which are also included in the table.
David Bernstein: I wasn't talking about pressure; Australia has seen double digit capacity increases, it absorbed it very well. All I was trying to do, as I was indicating that all the different programs were going to be up next year, including the Caribbean; but I was just cautioning you that Australia may not be up as much as some of the others, because of the larger capacity increase in that market.
David Bernstein: Our practice has been to use collars to mitigate against spikes, and the prices, and that will be our practice going forward.
David Bernstein: I think that number is a little high. We will get the right number back to you. Beth will give it to you.
David Bernstein: Sure. We are looking at $3 billion, and this includes newbuilds as well for 2015 and a little bit higher, probably about $3.3 billion for 2016, and roughly $2 billion for 2017.
David Bernstein: Yeah, as far as the various currencies, if you look at our revenue, roughly speaking, 50% is in U.S. dollars, something around a quarter of our revenue is in Euros. GBP is probably 12%, Aussie dollar 10%, and then everything else is just a few percentage -- should add up to the total. Tim, I don't have the EBITDA by currency, but you can always call Beth and she can give you some more detail after the call.
David Bernstein: There was a lot of changes in September and today, as Arnold indicated. And believe it or not, the sale of the Costa Celebration had an impact on 0.3 on the overall cost on a per ALBD basis. So that offset the total dollars and the savings flowed to the bottom line, but on a per ALBD calculation, we had less ALBDs, which made the percentage go up -- back up to the 3%.
David Bernstein: As far as the onboard is concerned, every percentage point increase in onboard revenue yields, is worth about $0.04 in 2015. So we were forecasting something in the range, we have included in the guidance of 2%. If it turns out to be 3%, then we got to pick up $0.04. And as far as the return on invested capital is concerned, I mean overall if you looked at the full year increase on the midpoint versus 2013, the midpoint of 2.45 you're talking about, a $0.49 or a $0.50 increase overall. Fuel and currency, net of both the transactional and translational impact was about a $0.41 increase. So we did have some operational increase, and that's the result of the 2% yields offset by the 3% costs. So there was other increases, putting aside the operational increase, which would have drove return on invested capital up.
