David Bernstein: Sure. Well, to start with, we had indicated that we thought our yields would be slightly positive in the third quarter last time. So, all we're talking about is a very small movement from a tad positive to slightly negative at this point. And it was just -- there was a more promotional environment in the Caribbean than we had anticipated. And as a result, Carnival Cruise Lines decided to hold price and give up the occupancy and it's the lower occupancy that's driving the yield down. As I indicated in my notes, the ticket prices are moving in a positive direction overall. So, we were very pleased with that, but it's the lower occupancy. And it's a couple of points of occupancy overall that we're expecting lower from this year -- from last year to this year, which is driving the price down - the yield down, sorry.
David Bernstein: Yeah. We didn't indicate that Europe was up double-digits. What we had indicated was that bookings and pricing are well ahead and very strong and Europe was doing very well for our North American brand. Alaska, the same thing and that the EAA brands were moving in a positive direction and we were expecting single-digit increases in all the categories.
David Bernstein: I think what we do is try to give our best guess of where we're today given the booking trends, given what we're seeing on the books. One of the big differences between Q3 and Q4 is that the increase in the Caribbean as an industry is significantly less. I think it's up 13% in Q4 versus like 22% in Q3. So, we're expecting to see a better Caribbean overall environment in Q4 than we saw in Q3 on a comparative basis. And therefore, we're anticipating that yields will be up slightly in Q4 as part of our overall guidance. So, we feel good. It's looking at what we have on the books and what we have remaining to sell that gives us the confidence that the yields will turn positive in Q4.
David Bernstein: Yeah. As far as the last minute bookings and what's happening, in the first quarter what we had indicated was that the last minute bookings on Carnival Cruise Lines and -- in the Caribbean were better than anticipated. And remember, the first quarter Caribbean capacity was only up a couple of percentage points. It was the second, third and fourth quarter that were up significantly on a year-over-year basis. In the second quarter, as I indicated in my notes, as far as the ticket revenue was concerned, it was the EAA brands, particularly the Continental European brands that performed a little bit better than we had expected. Of course, the overall increase in yields year-over-year had to do with -- some of it was ticket and some of it was onboard and other yields as well. Some of the programs on onboard, particularly our casino program and our casino partnerships are bearing fruit and the onboard revenue did well in the second quarter. And we didn’t change the onboard revenue for the remainder of the year despite the lower occupancy, because of some of the improvements that we are seeing.
David Bernstein: I understand what you are saying. I mean, it’s a mix of a number of different things and factors. Just as an example, one of the things we talked about on the last conference call were the expectations for Japan, which had an impact on the third quarter as well. So, there are a lot of factors that are coming together including the lower occupancy in the Caribbean, Japan and other things, which is yielding our net guidance.
David Bernstein: I think it's fair to say the fact that the guidance for the third quarter, it's fair to say that -- as I indicated before, a little bit worse than we had anticipated. But there are other positives that are more than offsetting that and that’s why the net trend is positive. We're never going to get everything perfectly correct. There is always some pluses and minuses.
David Bernstein: Yes. Well, and for the North American brands had it not been for the change in capacity, as I said, the ticket prices were up than we've would have gotten -- a change in occupancy we would have gotten higher yields. So it’s the lower occupancy that’s driving it.
David Bernstein: Yeah. Overall, our capacity for the year is up little over 2%. And as Arnold said, we're looking at relatively flat capacity in Europe year-over-year, flat in Alaska. On a full year basis, we are looking at the Caribbean being down slightly. But there is a couple of big things there, particularly in the third quarter. I think Arnold mentioned double-digit decline in the Caribbean. So that should bode well for pricing. And the other thing is that as we have indicated before within the Caribbean the biggest promotional activity has been in the South Florida market and we are also making some changes in the overall deployments around the Caribbean. So while it's going down, it’s also being redeployed and changing as well.  And we had talked about the double-digit increases in both Asia and Australia and New Zealand. So that's where we are investing overall and that's where the overall increasing capacity is going. 
David Bernstein: Yeah, we don't give detailed by brand and ticket yields and pricing for each of our individual brands. But it's fair to say that overall the rebound has not been what we had hoped because of the promotional pricing environment in the Caribbean for Carnival and occupancy as well. We're holding price and giving up the occupancy. And that's worked very well for us over the last year. We will keep analyzing that and see where we go. But hopefully next year, with the redeployment in the Caribbean and the lower capacity, we do hope to be able to fill the ships and to bear those fruits and get the yields up.
David Bernstein: As far as the Asia-Pacific region and the growth in the long-term, I mean, the market has tremendous potential. When you look particularly at China which is the largest market and you look at the areas in Shanghai, Beijing, Guangdong province, you are talking about over 130 million people, probably double the size of the U.K., so there is a lot of opportunity there. We have been growing the market slowly, taking it one ship at a time making the decisions as we go along. And China and Asia are doing very well for us. And we are looking forward as a great growth opportunity for us over the next few years.
David Bernstein: Yeah, I guess, Costa was down 16% as a result of the incident. And we had given out some information on the brand because of the circumstance. Last year in 2013, we had indicated they rebounded four points. It was less than we had hoped, because they were facing economic headwinds. This year, Costa does continue to improve, it’s a few points higher than the prior year. So, it keeps going in the positive direction. But as you had indicated, we're trying to stay away from giving brand-by-brand improvement -- or brand-to-brand changes.
David Bernstein: You know what given what we're seeing in the overall booking trend, and the pricing and everything else, I do believe that we can see yield improvement overall in the Caribbean. And the Caribbean does vary by quarter significantly. We see the third quarter -- as we said, we gave up price and occupancy for the CCL brand. We gave -- I'm sorry -- we gave up occupancy and held price. And in the fourth quarter, I mean the brand still expects to hold price. And overall, we do anticipate an improvement for the fourth quarter.
David Bernstein: What I said was the EAA brands improved a little bit more than we had expected in the second quarter. That was all what we had guided to and that’s what drove the increase from our guidance.  I had indicated that North American brands were down in the second quarter.
David Bernstein: We are seeing some -- positive things in a number of other areas. I guess, I'd mentioned the casino only because it was the largest positive of all of the variety of items. 
David Bernstein: Assia, why don’t you call Beth after the call? There is a long list of details and she'll be happy to go through it with you. 
David Bernstein: It's very early for 2015 overall. I mean, we will give you some indications in December when we talk about our guidance for next year. But, overall, remember we had been facing some economic headwinds particularly in Europe and so it is somewhat improving environment. And so hopefully that does help us positively in 2015.
David Bernstein: And, Rick, keep in mind that Ibero was a highly integrated brand within Costa, and it was only two ships, so very tiny brand. And so as a result, there will be some cost savings. But you might be talking a penny or two. I mean, we are not talking about big dollars here. 
David Bernstein: Yeah, we have said before that overall, the yields in China was slightly less than the corporate average. And, you know, the thing that really drives that is somewhat on the onboard, while the gambling is great the Chinese don’t seem to drink very much, so there are differences and that’s what makes the yields slightly lower than the overall corporate average at this point.
Beth Roberts: And as a company, our capacity growth in the fourth quarter is only 5%, 6% in the Caribbean, which is a much lower hurdle for us as an entity versus the 19% we absorbed in the third quarter.
Beth Roberts: I just want to say the -- we are seeing a recovery from the down over Q in the second quarter to the flat to slightly down in the third quarter. So things are improving.
Beth Roberts: The industry growth for 2015 we do have the North American brands pretty flat. Our European -- the industry has an increase in European brands of roughly 6%. And the Asia-Pacific region is really carrying the most growth at 16% for the industry that is off a very small base.
Arnold W. Donald: Okay. First of all, on the air question, overall between the air and port combination team that we've put together, they're dealing with about $1.1 billion or $1.2 billion of annual costs. The air component of that is split between crew and passengers, charters for passengers in Europe, et cetera. But there is an opportunity there, for certain. We've issued the RFP. We are going to be in negotiations with a number of airlines. And so we are not throwing any numbers around for obvious reasons. But the reality is there will be an opportunity there for certain to capture some value by leveraging our scale. And we fully expect to begin to see the benefit of that next year. With regard to our comment about hundreds of millions of dollars, I wouldn’t anticipate being able to sell 50% or 30% of the cost or anything like that, which would result in your hundreds of millions of dollars on other basis. But we certainly have an opportunity to save substantial dollars that can contribute to the bottom-line. And of course, we have the initiatives across number of other areas as well with regards to provisions and technical stores, et cetera. Your second question again…
Arnold W. Donald: What I can tell you in regards of the guidance question has come up a couple of times in different ways. Obviously, we have confidence in the guidance we provided. We anticipated a number of the things that have occurred already this year. We feel we have reasonable line of sight barring unforeseen mega macro issues that we have confidence in the guidance that we provided for the year. Go ahead…
Arnold W. Donald: Yeah. It's going to be a combination. We have our annual strategy reviews in August and September. The brands will come in with their plans and request for investments and what have you. Where we see line of slight on an investment producing higher returns and we're not -- obviously we'll make that investment. And where we don’t, we probably won't. And so, some of the savings, I'm sure will go to smart investments that are more powerful bottom-line and some of it will directly go to the bottom-line.
Arnold W. Donald: And we see some capacity reduction in the industry as well -- in the rest of industry in the third quarter next year in the Caribbean, for example. And [overall] [ph] for the year some reduction by the rest of the industry. So that should help things - the added time and investment in marketing and all those people that are sailing this year having great experiences onboard and already thinking about booking next year. So, you know, all of that should bode for a better environment in the Caribbean next year than we experienced.
Arnold W. Donald: Yeah, thank you Jaime for your questions. With regards to the cost side, first of all, we do have opportunities everywhere. We do. If you try to force rank them you would have to come up with categorizations. So if you take some broad categories like air and port, and provisions, food, hotel services, different things, they are very large buckets. And the teams are resolving exactly what their targets are. Right now, I would say that there is considerable opportunity across all of them. And cumulatively 1% improvement non-fuel, non-payroll. So even payroll out of it, leaving fuel cost out of it, 1% cost improvement yields $60 million to us, okay. And so we are mining every aspect, because just a few percentage points can give us significant positive impact. And I would like to leave it at that for now. But I want you to know we have a focus on it and where it emanates from is just coordination and communication and then single sourcing in some instances are limited sourcing, multi sourcing, you know, across the brands and just leveraging the scale that we have. The brands individually have done good jobs at managing their costs. Some of the brands have done outstanding jobs. And we want to mine those best practices, deploy them across the fleet and across the brands. And then leverage the scale we have and negotiations and take advantage of that. And doing that, as I mentioned, 1% improvement is worth $60 million to us. So that would be how I would answer that question.
Arnold W. Donald: There is always the risk of timing, if everybody floods the market at once, and so on and so forth. But right now what we are able to see looking ahead, we continue to see China as very promising. Australia is definitely a hot market and people want to send their ships there. And if you are going to be in China, you're not going to be there all year long, you are probably going to spend some time in Australia with the ships and so on.  And so all of that will add some complexity, but we feel very well positioned in those markets. We feel that the growth that we have staged and what we see coming from the industry, on balance, nets positive in the short term and very positive in the long-term.
Arnold W. Donald: Okay. So, on the latter part of your question, we have focused on a couple of markets on trying to ensure some price integrity, okay? We continue to pursue that, and we will as long as we see net benefit. If ultimately we don't see net benefit, we would discontinue that, okay. And each market is its own market, its own source of guests and how they buy and shop, and how they think. And we really have to be careful, one-size-fits-all, even one-size-fits-all-times even. And so we're going to be very disciplined and very analytical in our approaches. So, we do, in fact, optimize, because as I mentioned many times to you all, the reality is we fill 78 million plus passenger cruise days a year and $1 more per day is worth $78 million to us. So, the details matter and the discipline and the fine tuning matters. So, I wouldn't want the team to be operating on a one broad swoop anything, because that's not going to optimize the return for us and accelerate our path to return on invested capital. So, there is no grand single scheme plan. So, I want to make that really clear. The second thing with regards to that is if you look at Europe in particular, the booking patterns have improved. So, people are booking further ahead than they did the prior year. Occupancy is up, yields are up, so that's all very positive stuff. We expect to see similar trends, in due course, on a consistent basis in North America, as well. I don't know if David had any additional comments he wanted to make, or Beth, but go right ahead.
Arnold W. Donald: Yeah, absolutely, we're thinking over time and monitoring carefully and tracking carefully to see if we're having the desired effect. So, it's not just in the moment. We're thinking longer term, no question about that.
Arnold W. Donald: The other comment -- I know you guys are focused pretty heavily on the Caribbean I can understand it. But the bottom-line is in the fourth quarter the capacity changes for the industry year-to-year in the fourth quarter are nothing were near as dramatic as they were in the third quarter in the Caribbean.  And beyond that, we just believe a number of other things we implemented, whether it’s marketing initiatives, the pricing philosophy whatever, we are seeing strength. We have to play it all the way out to see where we end up. But right now we definitely see improvement in the fourth quarter which gives us the confidence to give the guidance we have and increase the guidance from where we were.
Arnold W. Donald: First of all let me answer the latter part of the question -- thank you Rick for the question. In terms of other opportunities, if the question is, do we plan to roll in the other brands up? Absolutely, not at this point in time. So we have really leading brands. Even the Ibero decision took some time, but Costa is so strong in Spain and the opportunity was there to minimize marketing cost and other related cost to maintain a separate brands. So given that, and it was a small brand, we thought it was the right thing to do. But, if you go beyond that brand in terms of thinking about rolling up in the other brands that is not on the table right now at all. So I want to make that really clear. 
Arnold W. Donald: Well, thank you everyone. We appreciate your interest and your time. Again, we feel good looking forward. And we look forward to giving you guys updates along the way. Thank you very much everyone and thank you Melody.
