Josh Weinstein: So with respect to the advertising in 2023, if you saw the materials that have been put on the website, we’ve been ratcheting up across -- across all of 2022. And we are very excited about the momentum that we’ve got. We’ve already started the wave season incredibly strong with our Black Friday, Cyber Monday and really just the whole book position that’s moved nicely in the month of November. And we think that advertising has a good amount to do with that to really reach first timers, generate awareness, generate consideration and doing so in a really meaningful way. And I think it’s -- we’ve got great brands. I mean we’ve got tremendous brands, but we need to do a better job getting the voice out. And this is a good way to do it. And it helps not just us, it helps our trade partners. It helps the bookings across the board. So, as far as how we’ll look at it across 2023, we’ve given you the guidance specifically for the first quarter. The great thing about advertising is we can dial up, dial down across the board where it’s working and where we don’t think it’s having as much of an impact. But right now, the activities that we’re doing, both in the mainstream media side and then the digital and performance marketing, it’s really starting to hit our stride. So, we’re pretty pleased with the results.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. I mean, it’s certainly within our control. Ultimately, we’re not just trying to get back to occupancy levels that are historical. We’re trying to really drive the unit pricing as well. And so advertising is a big component of that. So, we’re -- I hope we’re having that conversation in six months, Steve.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. Sure, Fred. So one thing to think about when you think about our Q1 deployment profile, it is very different from what we typically have the rest of the year. We’ve got actually 9 ships in Q1 on World Cruises, another 4 ships on 70-plus night Grand Voyages and then a host of ships that are doing longer exotic voyages, 35-nighters, 28-nighters. And so, with that profile, those are longer lead time type of itineraries, some bucket list types of things. And so, it is progressing for Q1 exactly where we thought it would be with respect to closing the occupancy gap given the dynamic of that itinerary profile. And as we get into Q2, those have stopped or wind down and we get back to the cadence that we expect.
Josh Weinstein: Thanks, David. With respect to the advertising, our brands -- without wanting to give away competitive positions, our brands are tracking with respect to awareness and consideration, which has a correlation to booking. They track lead generations, they track conversion -- track conversions on websites, they track via performance tied deals in the marketplace, and we actually know exactly what the impact is from the activities that we are taking. So, we do have them across the board, and we follow them and we discuss them with the brands, and that’s how we make decisions with them about where it is effective and where it might not be effective. And what’s great about us having 9 brands sharing amongst themselves, what’s working and what’s not working, so we can learn from each other. With respect to the ROIC, it’s revenue. I mean revenue is the thing that’s going to drive us back to double-digit ROIC. David mentioned our industry-leading cost base. That will continue to be a focus, of course. But really, it’s going to be the revenue and that’s where our brands are focused.
Josh Weinstein: And that’s an indication also of the growing health of our trade partners because they are a huge piece of our ability to drive first timers on board. So, a shout out to them as well.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. We -- I can give you an example of where we would and where we wouldn’t prioritize. So, we talk in the press release and some of our prepared remarks about the impact we’re making on are carbon footprint and the fuel consumption that drives that. That’s going to continue full steam ahead. We see, a, great returns in that; and b, doing our part on the sustainability front, which is critical to our long-term success as well. There could be things that when it comes to making a decision about the speed at which we want to introduce new venues on board of a particular brand, we can pace those out differently. We can take a little bit less risk on trial and error of creating new experiences. So, it’s all a question of what we think the appropriate return could be, where we want to take risk and where we just want to be more focused on managing the cash balance.
Josh Weinstein: Well, I can repeat what we said, which is we are spending more, and we are very happy with the results, and we’ll keep monitoring it and adjusting as appropriate. But we feel real good about our brands to strengthen the market and our ability to champion them with additional advertising.
Josh Weinstein: I’d love to give you a straight answer, but I got to be honest. So I’m not sure that I could in a way that I feel comfortable will make sense in a short amount of time.
Josh Weinstein: And I guess I could say looking backwards and you look at our trajectory from Q3 to Q4, we are pulling back, right, and that’s helping improve our per diems. And we’ll -- I mean, the great thing is it’s pretty easy to turn on and turn off. And so far, as we get into this wave season, the momentum is good. It gives us -- it gives us a lot of excitement about being able to pull that further as we get into 2023.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. I mean, look, the great thing about our assets, they’re mobile and we’ve moved them to optimize our demand and our revenue generation. If and when China opens up again and opens up not just to domestic cruising, but really opens up, we’ll certainly look at that, but we’re not relying on it. We’re not counting on it. We have -- we are the number 1 or 2 brand in all the major cruise markets today, and we like that position, and we’re going to push hard on increasing our penetration there.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. So, I’ll speak for ourselves. I won’t speak for anybody else. We are a global company. We have a different profile than our competitors. With respect to how our brands are optimizing revenue, which is price, it is occupancy and onboard spending. They are all using different levers and different mechanisms, including opaque channels, which, as you just referenced, we’ve been able to pull back over time without much of a problem. We focus on the revenue that is going to get to the bottom line, and that’s our focus, not just driving revenue but driving revenue that doesn’t get caught up in the cost and not hit our EBITDA or not hit our operating income, and that’s where we’re focused.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. We -- look, I mean, having come through two years of COVID, I think pretty much across the board, what we see is people are -- people are happy to get on with their lives. Now obviously, I’m not trying to belittle what you said because there could be some folks that are dealing with some things that are pretty tough on them and their family right now. But what we see is trends that are going back to normal about how people are thinking about those types of illnesses. And we always knew this point would come, right, when all of the masking and staying away from each other would go away and some things that we didn’t experience would come back with a little bit of a fury in the world, not on our ships. And that’s what’s going on, and we’re taking it in stride, and it doesn’t seem to be a problem.
Josh Weinstein: Well, I think you gave my answer, which is the language change, but it’s really not a significant change in our book position. Half one, we are really trying hard to close that occupancy gap. We are using the opaque channels where we think it makes sense and where we’re going to lean harder and we plan to keep pulling that back as we get through a great wave season. And regardless, we anticipate very strong onboard spending to supplement our ticket prices. So. for us, pun intended, it’s full steam ahead.
Josh Weinstein: What we’ve been saying all along is that the direct business held up relatively well throughout the pandemic and the trade had to build itself back up, and we’ve been trying to support them to do just that. And the great thing is, as we’ve referenced in some of the other questions, the trade has been doing great lately. They’re as excited about our advertising as we are because it helps them, too, and they’ve really started to push on the volumes. And so, we couldn’t be happier with how they’re progressing.
Josh Weinstein: Well, because we’re not giving guidance, I think the best I can tell you is how we’re thinking about that EBITDA on a per unit basis. And when you get rid of the noise from currency and the fuel prices, operationally, what we’re really trying to do is exceeds 2019 levels by the time we get to the end of the year, and that’s where we’re focused. As far as the longer term, maybe we can have more of a conversation on that in March when we’re going to be talking more wholly about our full year guidance.
Josh Weinstein: Thank you. So, to everybody on the call, thank you very much for joining us and happy holidays. And I’d encourage you to go to our website for our presentation materials and some supplemental schedules. Thank you all very much.
David Bernstein: Yes. Steve, the only other additional color that I’d add to that is, remember, I’ve said historically, the best way to judge our cost structure is the full year, and I gave you the guidance there of 1 to 2-point increase. The problem with the seasonality is as we go along, we make decisions that are most appropriate and we remain agile and flexible. But with that said, I will say that the advertising is likely on a quarterly basis to be the highest in the first quarter and the lowest in the third quarter. But the third quarter traditionally has always been a low quarter in terms of advertising. So, that’s probably the best guidance we can give you at this point.
David Bernstein: No. So, we announced 3 ships in total and 2 of them, we actually have a contract for at the moment and one we’re working on -- a contract for sale.
David Bernstein: No. They’ve continued very strong, and they’ve continued well above the 2019 level. So, we’re very pleased with the overall position and the bookings that are coming in to date.
David Bernstein: And one thing, David, I’d like to add on the advertising front. One thing we’ve been tracking is we take a look at our book position for 2023. And in the last 6 months, since we have increased the advertising, we have seen a shift and a lot more new to brands. In fact, it’s an 8-percentage-point improvement. So at this point in time, what we’re seeing for the 2023 book position is that it’s roughly half of the guests are repeat royal guests and the other half are new to brand. Unfortunately, these people have an old sail. So, I don’t know whether they’re new to cruise or they’re brand switchers, we’ll find that out shortly as they sail. But the fact is -- we’re getting a lot of great demand and we’re seeing it in the booking volumes.
David Bernstein: So, there’s -- I think a lot of the stuff is timing. From a big perspective, if you look at the change in the CapEx, a lot of that had to do with the fact that 26 ships have left their fleet, they were smaller, less efficient ships. And therefore, we don’t necessarily need the overall CapEx number as high as we had previously. But when it comes time to prioritizing it, it’s also a timing issue and doing the things that are most important first. And that’s some of the reason why you saw the CapEx come down in 2022. The only noticeable thing that where really -- as far as our office space, clearly, with the new ways of working in today’s environment, we’re significantly reducing the amount of CapEx that we’ll probably need to expand our offices as we continue to grow.
David Bernstein: So Brandt, I know that’s like another way of asking us what is our yield guidance for the rest of the year. The one thing I do want to point out, which I said in my prepared remarks is that we will -- and wave season is important, and we will give guidance for the net per diems and occupancy and EBITDA for the balance of the year. However, we did give the net per diem guidance for the first quarter, as I reiterated before, when Robin asked the question. And one thing I do want to point out is that I also mentioned that the first quarter benefited by brand mix. And that brand mix was worth about 2 points, and so as you think through the balance of the year, there will be positives as what you’re just describing. But as you think through that, please take that into consideration as we forecast the year, the per diem now.
David Bernstein: Yes. So, the combination of the removal of the smaller, less efficient ships with the new ships that were delivered, make up 9% of the 15%, and then, the other 6% has to do with all of the itinerary optimization as well as the investment in fuel reduction technology, things like the Air Lubrication System, which I mentioned in my notes and was also in the press release.
David Bernstein: But it’s fair to say, there’s a lot of potential relating to the revenues, all of the advertising that we’re doing, which should bode well for the return on invested capital, which we expect to increase considerably over time as we move through the next year or two.
Patrick Scholes: How should we read into your comments regarding pricing for next year? Certainly, semantic theory. Previously you said higher, now it’s slightly above. I mean, technically, they could mean the same thing, but a little more color on that, please. Thank you.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. Thank you. Then one or two more questions here quickly. Can you just give us an update on what the book direct trends have been in the most recent quarter versus say the comparable quarter in 2019 versus booking through a travel agency? What are you seeing there? Thank you.
Patrick Scholes: Okay. And then just lastly, if I caught it correctly, you talked about 15% reduction in fuel for ALBD next year? I think the previous number had been 10%. How much is that being driven by the reduction, it sounds like some of the older legacy fleet and what else may be driving that? Thank you. That’s it.
