David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. Before I begin, please note all of my references to revenue, ticket prices and cost metrics will be in constant currency unless otherwise stated. I'll start today with a summary of our 2018 second quarter results. Then I'll provide an update on current booking trends and finish up with some additional color on our 2018 June guidance. As Arnold indicated, our adjusted EPS for the second quarter was $0.68. This was $0.10 above the midpoint of our March guidance. The improvement was driven by three things, $0.05 was from increased net ticket yield, which benefited from stronger pricing on closing bookings on both sides of the Atlantic for all our brands, $0.02 was from improved onboard and other yields, which continue to benefit from a variety of ongoing efforts, and $0.03 was from lower net cruise costs, excluding fuel, due to the seasonalization of costs between the quarters. Now let's look at our second quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 1.4%. Our North America and Australia segment, more commonly known as our NAA brands, were up 2.1%, while our Europe and Asia segment, more commonly known as our EA brands, were flat. Our total net revenue yields were up 4.8%. Now let's break apart the two components of net revenue yield. Net ticket yields were also up a strong 4.8%. Overall, the net ticket yield increase was comprised of first, a decrease in our NAA brands' itineraries in the Caribbean, which was included in our previous guidance as a result of last fall's hurricane impact. Second, increases in our NAA brands' itineraries in Europe and Alaska, and third, increases in our EA brands' itineraries in Europe and China as well as various other programs, including World Cruises. I will add that we do expect to see an improving trend in the Caribbean over time. Net onboard and other yields likewise increased 4.8%, with similar increases on both sides of the Atlantic, with all the major categories showing solid growth. In summary, our second quarter adjusted EPS was $0.16 higher than last year with a strong 4.8% revenue yield improvement worth $0.22 being partially offset by 3.6% higher net cruise costs, excluding fuel, costing $0.10, which was driven by more dry-dock days during the quarter, which we previously highlighted. Now turning to 2018 booking trends. Booking volumes for the remaining two quarters of 2018 have been running ahead of last year at prices that are in line with the prior year. At this point in time, cumulative bookings for the remaining two quarters of 2018 are slightly ahead of the prior year at higher prices. Now let's drill down into the cumulative booked position. First, for our NAA brand. The Caribbean is behind the prior year on occupancy at lower prices. Given the negative news flow from Puerto Rico, the hurricane impact continues to affect the Southern Caribbean itinerary. As a result, the lower prices are driven principally by San Juan itinerary. This is consistent with the comments we made on our previous earnings call and the expectations we built into our guidance. The seasonal European program is ahead of the prior year on occupancy at significantly higher prices. Alaska is in line with the prior year on occupancy at lower prices. However, as I indicated on the last two conference calls, Alaska yields are impacted by mix. In the end, we expect that like-for-like itineraries in Alaska will have higher yields than last year's record levels. Second, for our EA brands. For their European itineraries, occupancy is slightly ahead at higher prices. While it is early, and I caution you not to read too much into the numbers, I will provide our 2019 booked position. At this point in time, cumulative bookings are slightly ahead of the prior year at higher prices. Finally, I want to provide you with some color on our 2018 June guidance. As Arnold said, while our full year guidance is now in the range of $4.15 to $4.25, we continue to have strong operational performance. The change in our guidance was driven by three things compared to our March guidance. First, we flowed through the $0.07 of operational benefit from higher revenues in the second quarter. Second, we benefit from $0.02 of accretion relating to the shares we purchased in the second quarter that Arnold mentioned. And third, higher fuel prices, net of fuel derivatives and the stronger dollar, is expected to unfavorably impact the year by $0.19. Higher fuel prices, net of fuel derivative, cost $0.11 while currency was an unfavorable $0.08. While I'm on the topic of fuel and currency impact, for those of you who are modeling 2019 using June guidance fuel price and FX rates, the impacts of higher fuel prices and the stronger dollar would unfavorably impact 2019 by $0.14. Remember, we have no fuel derivative for 2019, so this calculation includes the year-over-year benefit from realized fuel derivative losses in 2018. And now I'll turn the call back over to Arnold.
David Bernstein: Sure, yes. As Arnold said, I mean, the back half yield expectation is the same as it was last quarter. I think what we saw was, if you're looking at the first half versus the back half, is keep in mind that there was some particularly strong markets, particularly in the second quarter, that more than offset what we had indicated was down yields in the Caribbean. So it's really the extraordinary strength in the first half of the year in some of the other markets that drove it. But we are seeing, as Arnold said, great booking volumes and excellent business trends. And so overall, we feel very comfortable.
David Bernstein: So building on what Arnold said, we are seeing, if you break the Caribbean into the three different segments, as we indicated, the down -- the pricing being behind the prior year was driven by the San Juan itineraries of the Southern Caribbean. And I think last quarter, we had indicated that the Eastern Caribbean was also -- the cumulative booked position was down, and we have seen an improvement there, and now we're in line with the prior year, and the west continues to be up. So we do expect to see an improving trend in the Caribbean. We - the second quarter was probably the biggest impact from the hurricane last year, and we expect to see an improving trend over time.
David Bernstein: So this is what was booked during the second quarter for cruises where we'll recognize revenue in the third, fourth and first quarter. So we're not including - when we say for the third and fourth and first quarter, we're not including the bookings that were made in the second quarter for the second quarter. We're only looking at the future periods because what's in the quarter for the second quarter is history, and that's in our actual results. So we're trying to give you a dynamic of what the future looks like. Now if you break that apart, what you'll - the Caribbean impacted that booking volume. Because as I said, we are seeing overall, we - as I said, in the second quarter. And it is an improving trend in the Caribbean, but all the major markets were up. But the Caribbean is - was impacted, and that's why prices were in line.
David Bernstein: So we use $75 for fuel. It has bounced around, but at some point late last week, we cut off at that price.
David Bernstein: No. Generally, we actually have for the next 3 quarters in the press release. That has traditionally been what we've done. In the first quarter of this year, we saw our wave season -- because there was a lot of bookings for 2019 during wave season, we just chose to give you a broader picture. But if you look back, you'll see it's traditionally been three quarters.
David Bernstein: Yes. The comment on the three quarters would be similar if we included all future years. There isn't a significant difference overall because the majority of the bookings coming in - that the majority of the bookings coming in are for the next three quarters. And the - remember that the second quarter rolled off. And we did have, as you saw, the 4.8% ticket yield in the second quarter. So that was a very strong period that we saw bookings in the first quarter for the second quarter. And that was in our March commentary.
David Bernstein: Yes. We try to give you our best guess each quarter in terms of the guidance, and we include an expectation for close-in bookings. As Arnold indicated, we also - we got a hurricane season coming, and so we build in an expectation. It's very difficult. There's always something, and so we build that into our guidance as well. Depending on how things go, the one thing I will say about forecast is we're always wrong. We just never know by how much and in which direction. We give you our best guess.
David Bernstein: Sure. So we did talk about the quarterly season - seasonalization cost on previous calls. The seasonalization this year has to do with the timing of dry docks. And I mentioned that costs were up in the second quarter, and that had to do with the large number of dry-dock days. Well, the fourth quarter is the exact opposite. So with the lower dry-dock days, you will see a reduction in net cruise cost per ALBD, excluding fuel, in the fourth quarter, and we mentioned that on previous calls. So it's not a - some sort of delay of expenses. Our cost guidance for the year has not changed since December. We're still estimating up approximately 1%. As far as the future is concerned, we have been leveraging our scale on the sourcing side, and we - Arnold mentioned that we're on track for $80 million of cost savings. This year, we see opportunity to do similar things in the next couple of years, so there's a lot of opportunity there. And also in 2019, on a - right now, our capacity increase is 5.6%. So we will have the opportunity to leverage our scale there as well, both with larger ships that we're bringing in, on the ship's expenses as well as shore side. So there are good opportunities for us to keep costs under control. But it is premature for us to give some specific guidance as to costs for 2019.
David Bernstein: Okay. So the - I mean, the business that we purchased, it's a -- it isn't going to be consolidated because we're taking a minority interest, 45%, and our partner will have 55%. The deal will close hopefully sometime this summer, and so it will have a positive impact in the long run on our net income. However, for 2018, the impact will be very minor because we'll be well through most of the season before we take ownership. So I don't expect it to have much of an impact on our 2018 numbers.
David Bernstein: You know, Harry, it's - we take an educated guess based off all the things we've seen over time. I hate to try to give a specific number at this point because it's - we know things are going to happen, and we try to factor it in for both third and fourth quarter.
David Bernstein: Yeah. So if you look at the first quarter, which is probably the most meaningful because after that, it's -- not that much are on the books. The occupancy is in line in the Caribbean, and pricing is slightly ahead. So again, just like I said before, we are continuing to see an improving trend in the Caribbean.
David Bernstein: So last quarter, I hadn't gone through the detail of 2019 at all. It was -- so I'm not sure what you previously are referring to. But remember, I also have mentioned, sometimes, when you're talking about the difference between ahead and slightly ahead, you're talking about decimal points here. There is a point where we have to -- where we change our adjectives. So try not -- I mean, I wouldn't read too much into that.
David Bernstein: And then actually, we did buy more stock in the second quarter than we did buy in the first quarter, again being opportunistic. And so as you point out, we actually, just so you understand, we look at the leverage going forward and do look at where we expect to be at the end of the year. We're not 1.7 at the end of the year. We're more like 1.9. And so as Arnold indicated, we do have an opportunity there to continue to borrow and to use those funds to buy back shares throughout the remainder of the year. And as I'll mention, we don't include those share buybacks in our guidance. Traditionally, we've just done share buybacks to date.
David Bernstein: Yes. We've talked. In many cases, what we said previously is that we're looking broadly at a range of 2 to 2.5. And in good times, we would be at the better end of the range. And we'd allow the leverage to increase at other times. So that's obviously something that we'll have conversations on and will take a look at as a management team going forward.
David Bernstein: So Steve, when we do our guidance, I think we've said this many times before. We basically take the spot price of fuel today as we see it, and we use that price going forward through the balance of the year and in any forecast. We're not trying to make a projection for the fuel price, as Arnold said. We don't know where it's going, but we try to just use the current existing fuel price.
David Bernstein: Yes. And Tim, as you can imagine, we plan our itineraries to optimize revenue for the company. So while within the context of just Alaska, it's a mix issue that we commented on. But we believe that the way we plan the itineraries, with the incremental Inside Passage to Alaska, will have a positive impact on the overall company's yields. So it's not flowing through negatively to the company. It's just a mix within Alaska.
David Bernstein: But Tim, we talked -- as I mentioned before, I said the Eastern Caribbean, we had been behind on price. And now we were in line on price. So we are seeing an improving trend on the Eastern Caribbean from what we saw last quarter. And it's the San Juan itineraries, mostly the Southern Caribbean, that were impacted to a great degree, as Arnold said, because we homeport there. And San Juan was a source market for us in those itineraries as well.
David Bernstein: I think I would rather say that we saw most of the impact from the hurricane in Q2 and Q3 as opposed to Q1 and Q2. Because by the time the hurricane came last September, we were very well booked for Q4 and Q1. So it was really Q2 where you started seeing it. And then it gets better over time.
David Bernstein: There's no doubt we'll have easier comparisons, as I mentioned before, in the fourth quarter when we lap the hurricane.
David Bernstein: Correct, which is why I was indicating that's baked into the current booking volumes. All the other markets were higher.
David Bernstein: So overall, keep in mind, Greg, that 90% of the guests on our ships in Europe are Europeans. And that has to do with the fact that we have all of our European brands. And so overall, I mean, Europe for us has been a very strong market. I did comment in the second quarter, both for our NAA and our EA brands, that we saw really good yield increases that drove the yield. And when I talked about the booking commentary, I talked about, for the seasonal European program, we were ahead at significantly higher prices for the NAA brands. And for Europe, I had said that occupancy was slightly ahead at higher prices. So we are seeing it's a great market for us and things continue to move forward. And I won't repeat all the comments that Arnold made about the overall market for the sake of time. But we believe this will continue to be an excellent market for us.
Arnold Donald: First of all, booking curves are strong. Again, we had a great year last year, and we're doing even better in terms of occupancy and with significant capacity increases, so on and so forth. So booking's strong. Having said that, there's no question that we got impacted originally by missing a booking period during the hurricane season. And now for portions of the Caribbean, and we keep referencing Puerto Rico and San Juan because it was so obvious there, there is a hurricane malaise. But having said all that, the Caribbean is strong. We're talking about performing well against a very strong year last year and with significant additional growth.
Arnold Donald: I think look, the reality of our business, I kind of say on the call, is we have large addressable markets around the world. They're all under penetrated. We have highly differentiated product offerings. I know people are concerned about capacity and so on. But overall, the industry is actually capacity constrained. So when we build a ship for AIDA, and one for P&O in the UK, and one for Carnival and one for Seabourn, they don't even compete with each other, okay. What happens with the German source market versus the British source market, et cetera, versus the ultra luxury market, those things don't even overlap. There are positive trends in population growth and in travel in general. And whether it's millennials or - who over-index in cruise, or whether it's retirees, the retirees are going increase dramatically here in North America, but elsewhere as well. That's people with time on their hands and with some assets. And we're very affordable, from mass contemporary brands to those who have more assets, to ultra-luxury brands. And people have time, and we're better vacation value than land-based vacation. So we have a lot of fundamental things going. We don't have a problem right now in terms of looking ahead with booking curves or yields or any of that. So we know they're concerned about capacity. There's actually not even an empirical evidence to show a correlation between capacity and yield., that doesn't exist. And more importantly, we're here to grow earnings and further improve our return on invested capital. And that's exactly what we've been doing and is what we're going to do. There've always been pocketed markets in any given year, where appears there's a capacity problem. Usually, that's complicated by something else like hurricane malaise or other things. But that exist, has always existed every year in the business. But our assets are mobile, and so we can move. And for us, we intend to create the demand for our capacity. And if we don't, we'll moderate our supply. So that's all I have to say. I think the business is super strong. We just had a record quarter. We look ahead. Things look very good. There's little dynamics in one market or another. Last year, people were very concerned about China and so on. We had a bit of a mess in China and a bad hurricane season, and we still performed well. This year, our guidance is to grow earnings double-digit and to achieve the long standing promise we made about return on investing capital getting to double-digit. That's going to happen. And we have multiple pathways to keep that going in the future. So that's what I have to say. Okay, next question.
Arnold Donald: We don't necessarily do hurricane-specific. There are things that happen every year around the world. And markets get taken away from us, high-yielding itineraries for geopolitical reasons. There's disease scares. I mean, all these different things happen. And so we put - look at historical stuff that's happened and level of impact, and we come up with a general rule of thumb, and then we put judgment on it based on the climate at the time - so the global climate. And that's how we do it. But it's just a matter of trying to be practical because realistically, every year, something happens and usually more than one thing.
Arnold Donald: Can I say one thing? When you say negatively, I just want to emphasize to everyone, we're growing in the Caribbean, okay. We're generating more earnings in the Caribbean, and we're growing generally more earnings everywhere else in the world, too. So on a relative growth basis, yes, the Caribbean might be weaker on yield than some other markets. But overall, we're growing earnings, and there's no weakness in the business. But go ahead, David.
Arnold Donald: We may be a victim of our own conservatism. But the reality is that it's not conservatism. It's for us, it's just trying to be practical. But just to reinforce, all that's happened with our guidance is we offset a lot of the fuel and currency. But we aren't -- we haven't put in the guidings completely offsetting all of what the current fuel and currency is. And that, of course, can change.
Arnold Donald: I would say always, certain brands in any given year, one brand may have significant increase relative to others. And so that's just the common practice when you have a portfolio of brands. Is there some systemic, long-term, underlying trend in terms of appetite by source market for the brands? No, we don't see any intrinsic patterns that would suggest certain brands are going to be much stronger for the next five to seven years versus some others. But sure, in any given year, one brand has a big increase relative to other brands. And as a portfolio, that happens.
Arnold Donald: Two quick comments. One is, we obviously have a strong credit rating. We don't feel the need to have it be even stronger. We can go up to 2.5 pretty comfortably, we feel, from a leverage standpoint. As you say, we have 1.8, 1.9 now. So from that vantage point, and of course, in a situation like this, I'm not going to make any comments other than to say our strategy on stock buyback is optimistically return cash to shareholders through stock buyback.
Arnold Donald: No, I wouldn't say that. That's the range within we can operate and maintain a strong credit rating. But we don't have a plan or anything. I don't want to -- you to misinterpret we'll go to 2.5.
Arnold Donald: I'll do the hedging. We never hedge. We've done the collars. We did them before to protect against spikes in fuel prices that could compromise us in the capital markets when we have commitments for capital. We didn't want to have to go into the capital markets not knowing what the capital markets would be at the time. And so we did collars to protect ourselves in that regard. Since then, things are a lot different obviously. Our ratio's much better. We have a lot more cash than we have been. So we're in a much better position to weather any type of fuel spike or whatever. And so fundamentally, we've never believed in hedges. The board hasn't. The management hasn't. And so we continually look at that situation. Because number one, we want to maintain our freedom to operate and make sure we're doing it in an advantageous way for the shareholders. But we never try to play the fuel game, because even oil companies don't know where fuel prices are going. So that's not the business we're in.
Arnold Donald: Oh, the fuel surcharge, yes. So yes, in the past, we've implemented fuel surcharge when there was a rapid spike in fuel prices, et cetera. That's always something that we could take a look at. So far, we have not done that and considered doing that. And at this point right now, I don't think we would. But if prices were to continue to spike, obviously, that's something we have to look at.
Arnold Donald: No, the recent transaction would not, because it really is a hotel base because we have properties there. And so it's just -- it's purely just a mix issue. So Alaska's doing great. Earnings are growing. The capacity's there. We're making really good money. It's a very popular destination. It's just that we don't have more hotel rooms. And so some of the bookings have that with them and then others don't. And the ones that don't are at a lower price. And as that volume increases, it makes it look like a yield impact. But it's not a yield on cruise or anything.
Arnold Donald: We homeport in San Juan, and so that's one thing that's different. I'm not sure that we're that different than the industry. I think you'd have to talk to the other. I guess, Norwegian changed their itineraries or something and went to a different part of Caribbean for the year. But frankly, we don't see it as anything particularly unique, but we do homeport.
Arnold Donald: Yes. My usual contextualization of China, a small part of our capacity, embryonic market, basically still a B2B market, et cetera. It's all those qualifiers. And the bottom line is things are stronger for sure than they were last year at this time. And so it looks positive for the year on a relative basis so far. But China's China, and we have to see how things play out for the full year. But right now, conditionally, things definitely look stronger. In terms of sanctions, we haven't heard of any sanctions on either side that would directly impact the cruise industry. Obviously, there's still -- the Chinese are still not going to Korea at this point in time. If that changes, that could open up the possibility on some itinerary planning and maybe help the situation there even more. But in terms of additional sanctions or new sanctions, given what's going on, we've heard nothing. I just happened to be in China last week and had the opportunity to participate in some high government-level stuff. And nothing was talked about in those.
Arnold Donald: Excellent. Okay. Yes, so first of all, again, we believe eventually, China is going to be our largest cruise market in the world. So right now, we're teeny tiny, and it's embryonic. So absolutely it makes sense putting hardware there and new hardware. So ShanngshÃ Gong Zhu Hao [ph], which is Majestic Princess there, is ideally suited for Chinese. It's home port some of the year in China. The rest of the time, it's sailing elsewhere in Asia, but filled with lots of Chinese cruise goers. The Costa Venezia, as you mentioned, will be introduced in 2019 in China. The Costa brand, has several ships homeported there. It will be a great addition to their fleet. It's purpose-built again for the Chinese cruise goer. The market there is very large in terms of overall travel, both from cities in China and, of course, as a huge potential source market for fly/cruise all over the world. And so we will continue to have a presence. And as I mentioned, I was just over there recently. We definitely are excited about our joint venture with CSSC and moving that forward and establishing a brand in China. That's a partnership with [Stanley Enterprises] there to drive cruise, as they've mandated in their 5-year plan. So all of that stuff's very positive. In terms of the distribution system itself, yes, we've moved from full-ship charters primarily now to group sales and partial ship charters, et cetera. We've added a large number of additional distributors. All of that kind of de-risks things a bit from being overly concentrated and what, in effect, today is still pretty much a B2B market. The direct sales component is slowly growing a bit there. There's opportunity to grow that over time. But a time line in China, we'll see. It's a small market. I don't see today, for us and for the industry, I don't see a dramatic increase in percent of total capacity in the short term there. And the reason is not so much because of China, but because of the demand everywhere else in the world. And then as I mentioned, there's large addressable markets everywhere in the world that are under penetrated, including the United States. And so the ships are needed to continue to grow and serve the market demand that we've been creating over the past several years. But China, long term, is going to have a cruise market. But it's China. There'll be starts and stops and fits and turns and so on. And it's the nature of the animal, but our assets are mobile. And as long as it's accretive, we'll participate. And when it's not, we'll move the ships elsewhere. Thank you for your question.
Arnold Donald: Thank you, everyone. We really appreciate your participation on the call. We always do our best to give you the best guidance that we can. And I just want to leave you with the thought that our business is strong. The guidance we've given is reflecting some changes in fuel and currency. But beyond that, the business is strong. Thank you very much.
