Arnold Donald: Robin, I'll have David comment a little bit on both. But directionally, on the cost question, as he articulated, we had a lot of capacity out in dry dock, et cetera. So we're doing stuff over a smaller number of birds in terms of looking at the cost increases. And we had lots of onetime costs and so on. So we're not giving guidance for next year.  But as we indicated, as you look through the second half of the year and see how the cost increases will be softer, we're pointing in the right direction. And we've done a lot of things going forward, including with the change in the fleet with a significant part of our capacity 25% being new ships, which are inherently more efficient. But also all the active management things we've done with the existing fleet, the pre-existing fleet, exiting less efficient ships and so on and then shoreside as well. We're doing a number of things to offset inflation and to just make ourselves a better company from a cost infrastructure standpoint.  So David, I'll let you comment on the cost and we can get back to the revenue. David, go ahead.
Arnold Donald: Haven't seen any particular slowdown or anything like that in terms of onboard spend, it's been very strong, has continued to be healthy around the world, has been up everywhere. So don't see major distinctions from one geography to the next. As we get to full occupancy and we carry more kids in the summer, that kind of thing, you can see the the kind of per diems maybe will change a little bit. But overall, the spending is significantly up and has continued to be so far.
Arnold Donald: We've had good liquidity through this period. We will obviously continue to monitor. But as we move ahead and get more of our ships sailing and are able to generate obviously more revenue and more customer deposits, et cetera. At this stage, we feel we're in good shape on liquidity and see that going forward. If something changes, of course, obviously, we'll report at that time. But right now, we feel good about our liquidity position.  David? Go ahead, David.
Arnold Donald: We're certainly -- thanks for your question, first of all. We're certainly going to continue to work hard to make certain the prices hold and accelerate. And we'll have to see in the end where we're managing yield. And so we want to optimize occupancy and price. Right now, there's lots of demand. We obviously will be ramping up our advertising and promotional efforts as time goes on. We have increased already, but still well below where we were in 2019. We've gotten smarter and more efficient in how we do that. And so we want to create more demand and keep it going. But as you've heard from what we reported so far, pricing is strong, and we've been able to maintain price.  David, I don't know if you want to add any more color.
Arnold Donald: First of all, your understandings are right. It is apples and oranges. There are a number of differences, not the least of which is we're on different fiscal quarters and so even the month long . You have timing, then you also -- obviously, in addition to that, is cabin mix. It's itinerary mix, as you mentioned, composition of the European itineraries. And right now, you have big itinerary changes because a lot of our lucrative itineraries, which would be similar for some of the others perhaps too, but we may have more of it in terms of world cruises and more exotic cruises and so on and so forth.  But anyway, all those things are different. When we try our best to kind of normalize all that, which is extremely difficult to do and try to match up month-by-month, when we've done that, we see that we're doing as well of, and in some cases, better than the others. In the recent times, one has done better on price. But at the same time, they've not done as well in occupancy. And so in the end, we don't see a big performance difference on that when we try to match up. But it is apples and oranges.  David, I don't know if you wanted to add anything else.
Arnold Donald: Well, first of all, we're delighted to see that the Australian government is not extending the ban on cruises beyond the April 17 date. And we've already announced, as you are aware, P&O Australia is going to start selling late May in Australia. And so we're happy to be bringing joy for cruise vacations to Australians again and giving people who want to cruise in Australia an opportunity to do so. So we're excited about that. China, we'll have to see how things pan out there. Right now, it's still not practical. And as we've always said with China, when we're able to do it profitably, we'll do it. And when we can't, we won't. And so we continue to work with the authorities there and other places that are still not yet quite open to eventually get it open for cruise in a way that makes sense for everyone. So that's that.  The Fed hasn't called me today either, by the way. But I would say -- overall, things are really looking good. I mean we're -- 75% of the ships are now sailing. Whether we'll put another ship into Australia for the Carnival brand, that's the decision to be made over time. But almost certainly, given the demand in Australia historically for the various brands, it would not be illogical to think at some point once things are up and going again, Carnival would have an even greater presence. So but at this point, we don't have any specific plans. Right now, we'll see how things pan out.
Arnold Donald: Yes. And Carnival is doing so well. I mean it's lead the way period, in terms of occupancy, has been strong yields. We've had unbelievable bookings the past few weeks, wave level bookings in the Carnival brand in the last few weeks here and is super positive for the brand and a good, hopefully, leading indicator for the overall industry.
Arnold Donald: Absolutely. Yes, there's no question, consumer confidence, uncertainty driven by all the various dynamics, COVID, the invasion in Ukraine and all that. But clearly, there's momentum.
Arnold Donald: Yes. I'll take the second part and let David tell you about the dry dock days. In terms of Omicron, as we said in the opening comments, it clearly had an effect on consumer confidence, and it caused disruption. People either were testing positive, so they couldn't cruise or they weren't able to get timely tests. And then there was just the overall impact on society and uncertainty and uneasiness that Omicron created. It's tough to quantify it and isolate it to say this was all Omicron and this was something else. But the bottom line is it had an impact, it had an impact on wave and which is why we feel -- partly why we feel now we have an extended wave season and are seeing that rebound now. But we did get through it. We got through it just as we got through Delta. And now, there's lots of momentum and things are clearly pointed in the right direction.  So go ahead, David, on the dry dock days.
Arnold Donald: I think we'll have to see what happens with the variants. But clearly, society is better prepared. There's better understanding of transmission, of epidemiology, of everything. More people are vaccinated. That's a biggie, of course. And people -- and fewer and fewer people are getting really sick from, whether it's Omicron or the B variant of Omicron or whatever. And so the focus is shifting more to where it should be, which is hospitalizations or worse -- long-term effects are worse. And as long as I think society doesn't see a huge ramp-up in that, from some variants, then you're absolutely right, people are learning how to live with it and live with it safely and comfortably.  And of course, our protocols have been -- have served us very well. On the ships, we are far better than the equivalent incidents on land, partly because of the testing, the vaccinations, all the other protocols we have in place. And so we're amongst the safest forms of socialization there is, and we've learned a lot about how to manage. And so through Delta, through Omicron, through all those, we have had much lower incidents than what you would find on land and have gotten pretty adept at serving the best interest of public health and dealing with it. But overall, society is getting used to it. And as long as hospitalizations don't ramp-up or worse, then you would think the trend you're seeing today would continue.
Arnold Donald: Definitely more North American oriented, not only the Carnival brand. I think the better characterization would be kind of traditional itineraries that people have been used to. And so in a number of cases, of course, we've had ultra-itineraries because destinations weren't available or they had protocols, et cetera, that made it difficult to take guests there and what have you. But overall, I think the most important aspect of that is you're talking a lot of sailings at 100%, which is showing that things is definitely coming back. And that we have the ability to sell at 100% with protocols and still serve the interest of public health with really good outcomes from a health and safety standpoint.  So that's that, I would characterize it. There's still a lot of destinations elsewhere that have restrictions. There's additional protocols. The regulations -- we have 9 brands all over the world. There's all kinds of regulations and protocols not just in home markets, but in destination markets that we have to deal with. And all of that creates challenge. But it's becoming less, and we are moving towards full occupancies over time and having all of the ship sail.
Arnold Donald: Thank you, all. Operator, thank you very much. But everyone, thank you. We appreciate your interest in us. We're very excited about welcoming people back onboard. Again, our heart goes out to all of those impacted by Ukraine invasion. But we're looking forward to piece there and brighter days ahead. Thank you.
David Bernstein: Yes. So directionally, Robin, your math is correct, I mean, overall speaking. To get back to a low double digit for the year, you do have to sort of get directionally towards that flattish area by the end of the year. But let's -- I'll remind you of one thing that I've said many times before. Costs do vary by quarter because of a variety of things, dry dock, advertising, et cetera. So as Arnold said, we're not giving guidance for 2023. And overall, he mentioned all of the, I guess, tailwinds that help us achieve improved operating costs and adjusted cruise costs for 2023. I will also mention that we have 8% more capacity, so we get leverage versus 2019. We also get some shoreside SG&A leverage. But I will remind you, it is 4 years of inflation that is the headwind. So that is a challenge. And so we will do everything we can to properly manage the cost for 2023. But it is a little bit premature for us to give guidance at this point.
David Bernstein: Yes. So on the revenue side, what's interesting, when you look at all of the different itineraries, we had mentioned the uptick in recent booking volumes. And we're actually seeing that uptick across all the different itineraries, whether it be in the Caribbean, in the Med and also even parts of Northern Europe.  The exception, of course, is we did have, as Arnold said in his notes, I guess, 4.6% of our capacity for the remainder of the year. That's actually 3.8% for the whole year, touched on, went to St. Petersburg. And we did, I guess, change -- we moved 2 ships. And we changed the attractive itineraries for the remaining ships that are in the Baltic to go to other ports. So we have seen the bookings for those ships impacted.  But remember, it's early days, and we just made the changes to those itineraries. So we've got to get the message out. But for all of the rest of the itineraries, across the board, whether they be in the Med, East, West Med, Caribbean and other parts of the world, we are seeing good solid booking trends at good solid pricing. We mentioned that our revenue management teams are holding pricing. And we are seeing good volume.  I will point out that for the second -- bookings for the second quarter, we've even seen volumes that exceeded the 2019 levels, which I guess is not surprising from the perspective that, we have more inventory to sell for the second quarter than we did for 2019. But it's great that the demand is there and we are seeing the volume. And as Arnold indicated in his notes, in the month of March, we are seeing occupancies approach 70%. And we even had I think he said 40 voyages where occupancy exceeded 100% or expect to exceed 100%. So I think we are well positioned around the globe. And we'll also work very hard to get those remaining itineraries booking again now that we readjusted them with other attractive ports.
David Bernstein: Yes. So Arnold had indicated that 5% was in ship operating expenses. And that's on an apples-to-apples basis, putting everything else aside as a result of the fleet optimization, just looking at a comparison to 2019. Of course, there's changes in itinerary, there's also -- which impact that. There's inflation which impacts that. There's other cost savings that we're working hard. That was just the fleet optimization portion. And that was obviously a great tailwind to help us reduce costs as we go into 2023.
David Bernstein: Can I just -- first of all, the one thing on the onboard revenue, the only thing I want to add that Arnold didn't mention is we have been raising price onboard. There's been -- there is strong demand. And obviously, with the environment being what it is, there's been an opportunity to raise price, and we've been capturing that opportunity. And as far as the liquidity, I guess, the 2 things that we continue to think about, in addition to what Arnold mentioned, is we think about refinancing our 2L notes, which are still out there. And of course, we have $3 billion of maturities in 2023 that we think about what is the optimal time to refinance that. But other than that, I just want to add those concepts as we think through those in the ensuing months and quarters ahead.
David Bernstein: Yes. The only thing I wanted to add to what Arnold said is, James, you really need to think about it a little bit differently because you're sort of saying, well, when the last 30% comes in, it does -- the last 30% isn't going to come in at the last second. Remember that for the last few quarters, the booking window has been much shorter. And so when we think about the future, we said we don't expect to get to historical occupancy levels until 2023, but we do expect to see an improving level of occupancy every quarter as we go forward. And one of the reasons is because for 2023, looking out today, we've got a much fuller booking curve. We'll manage pricing the way Arnold described, along that booking curve, and we'll get to our historical occupancy levels. And we're being very careful in the short term where the booking curve is shorter to manage that appropriately. We're driving demand, as Arnold mentioned, with the advertising. Although advertising these days seems to be -- the mix of advertising has changed tremendously and will continue to evolve.  So think of it in terms of booking curve. And with the longer booking curve towards next year, we can get to those occupancy levels because there's a lot of demand out there. People want to cruise. We have a great product. We're still a good value compared to land-based alternatives, although we're trying to make it a bit less of a value as we move forward and to raise price as Arnold indicated.
David Bernstein: I'll add some clarity to that. So remember, one of our competitors had a lot less occupancy than us during their fourth quarter period, which probably leads to more balconies, cabins and at a higher price as part of the overall mix. And also some of our competitors, one of them was not carrying any kids because of the vaccine requirements and kids are at a lower price. So as a result of that too, that affects the overall position.  Arnold mentioned the itinerary differences. But what we did do is we lined up the months, October, November and December. And we can do that internally for ourselves compared to our competition. And so if we try to also balance. Remember, occupancy, there's 2 sides to the equation, there's price and occupancy. And the best way to balance that out is to look at the gross revenue per ALBD as opposed to the gross revenue per PCD.  Because I will tell you, if all I did was sell one penthouse suite on one ship and didn't sell anything else, my per PCD would be incredibly high. But when you balance it all out, the revenue per ALBD reduction because, of course, the occupancy was down in all 3 companies, we're the same, within 2 percentage points. So the reduction in revenue per ALBD was at 2 percentage points difference between all 3 companies. And so I think we are, as Arnold said, we're doing better in some. And we're well positioned and looking forward to, as I said, 2023 and providing 14 million memorable vacation experiences to people around the globe.
David Bernstein: Yes. So in terms of interest expense, we did give a forecast in the business update, which was $1.5 billion. And it was the same interest expense forecast we gave back in December. So that is our forecast for the full year 2022. We do have the opportunity, as I mentioned before, to refinance the 2L notes at some point in the future. And we'll carefully look at that opportunity, and that might provide some interest savings over time. But on the flip side, we're all watching the Fed and there is the possibility for rates to move up. So at this point, it is a little premature to forecast 2023. If you know exactly what the Fed is going to do and all, let me know. But it is difficult. But it's going to be in that neighborhood, plus or minus, as you think it through in 2023.
David Bernstein: The only thing I just wanted to remind everybody is that remember, Carnival Cruise Lines moved out 6 ships so -- during the pause in guest cruise operations. And so as a result of that, as Arnold said, we'll relook at it. But everything needs to be reexamined to make sure we optimize the cash flow and profitability of Carnival Cruise Lines.
David Bernstein: Yes. So the dry dock days, in the first quarter, we have 273 days versus 141 in 2019. In the second quarter, there's 399 days versus 184 days in 2019. For the full year, this year, right now, the plan is 802 dry dock days. We have some additional dry docks in the fourth quarter. I only have at the moment the first half of 2023. By the way, most many of the dry docks are usually either the first half or the fourth quarter. But the first half is down to, in '23, 272 days. There'll probably be some more in the fourth quarter. But you can see the number of dry dock days will be significantly less. 802 is an unusually large number. I don't think we've ever exceeded. I think something in the range of 550 was probably the largest number we ever had. But as I mentioned in my notes, we're bringing back the ships. We're optimizing it. The ships are not in service. And we want to make sure the ships look great when the guests get back onboard. And of course, we are cleaning the hull. Because I will tell you, you get those hulls clean, and it is incredibly much more efficient from a fuel perspective. So we are optimizing the situation. I don't have the full year 2019 at my fingertips. I do apologize. But perhaps Beth can get back to you on that one.
David Bernstein: And remember, test is much more available. That will be very helpful as well. Because in the first quarter, that was a big issue for us, on the testing side. 
David Bernstein: Yes. So our commentary was very broad. I do assume that fuel will be better than the current spot price. But the commentary is pretty broad. And we're not giving specific guidance. So while fuel price matters to the bottom line, it's still -- depending on the price, it's -- there's a wide range where we're still within the guidance we gave of a profit and loss.
