David Bernstein: Thank you, Arnold. Before I begin, please note all of my references to revenue, ticket prices and cost metrics will be in constant currency unless otherwise stated. I'll start today with a summary of our 2019 second quarter results, then I'll provide an update on current booking trends for the back half of 2019 and finish up with some additional color on our 2019 June guidance. As Arnold indicated, our adjusted EPS for the second quarter was $0.66, this was $0.08 above the midpoint of our March guidance. The improvement was driven by 2 things, $0.02 of favorability in net cruise revenue and $0.07 of favorability in net cruise costs without fuel substantially due to the timing of expenses between the quarters. Both favorable items were partially offset by $0.01 unfavorable net impact from fuel price and currency. Now let's look at our second quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 4.6%. Our North America and Australia segment, more commonly known as our NAA brands, was up 0.5%, while our Europe and Asia segment, more commonly known as our EA brands, was up almost 12%. Our total net revenue yields were up 0.6%. Now let's break apart to two components of net revenue yields. Net ticket yields were essentially flat. Our NAA brands were up 3%, driven by yield improvements in the Caribbean, while our EA brands were down 3.5%. Net onboard and other yields increased almost 2% with increases on both sides of the Atlantic. In summary, our second quarter adjusted EPS was $0.02 lower than the prior year with the benefits from slightly higher net revenue yields and lower dry dock costs, driven by less dry dock days during the quarter being more than offset by higher depreciation expense costing $0.03 and the $0.09 unfavorable net impact of fuel price and currency. Turning to 2019 booking trends. At this point in time, cumulative advanced bookings for the back half of 2019 are slightly ahead of the prior year on occupancy at prices that are in line with last year. Now let's drill down into the cumulative book position for 2019. Cumulative advanced bookings for our NAA brands are higher than the prior year on occupancy and slightly ahead on price, driven by nicely higher prices in the Caribbean and the seasonal European program, while pricing in Alaska is well lower than last year's record pricing. Cumulative advance bookings for our EA brands are slightly behind the prior year on occupancy at lower prices, again driven by our EA brand sourcing in Continental Europe. Given our strong book position at the end of the second quarter, with less inventory remaining for sale than the same term the prior year, we had anticipated better pricing on booking volumes during the second quarter, which was included in our March guidance for the back half of the year. In light of these booking trends primarily driven by our EA brands, we have lowered our price expectations on the remaining inventory. Therefore, we are forecasting full year net revenue yields to be approximately flat versus March guidance of up approximately 1%. Yield guidance for third quarter is now forecasted to be flat or down slightly versus the prior year, while our fourth quarter, we are now forecasting yields to be lower. We do expect yield improvement in both quarters in our NAA brands, which is being offset by yield decline in our EA brands. For the full year, we now expect yield increases in our NAA brands to be up more than 1%, which were impacted by the recent restrictions on travel to Cuba. While for the full year, we now expect yield declines in our EA brands to be more than 1% driven by our EA brand sourcing in Continental Europe. So now let me provide you with some additional color on our 2019 June guidance. The $0.08 favorable net impact of fuel price and currency is driven by lower fuel prices, which will benefit us $0.15, while currency movements will cost us $0.07. Our full year net cruise costs without fuel per ALBD guidance increased slightly as a result of the voyage disruptions and is now expected to be up approximately 0.7% versus March guidance of 0.5%. And now, I'll turn the call back over to Arnold.
David Bernstein: No. I think you summed it up. It has certainly had an overall impact. It would have been better had it not been for Brexit, but we are doing okay in the U.K.
David Bernstein: Yes. So, we made some comments on the booking trends in the second quarter for 2019, and clearly there are similarities with the booking trends into 2020. They were clearly stronger in our NAA brands during the quarter, and so we are seeing the overall economic headwinds extend beyond just the back half of 2019 for our EA brands. But it is very early in the overall process, and so there is a lot of time left as we go through the year.
David Bernstein: Yes. I had indicated in my prepared remarks that the current pricing on the books in Alaska was well lower than its record levels last year, which is pretty much consistent with what we had said previously that we have 18 ships in Alaska. We have more Lloyd ships in Alaska than the rest of the industry in over double the number of ships. So, Alaska is a very high-yielding market for us. It's performing very well, but we are seeing -- with the capacity growth in Alaska this year, as we had indicated before, we are seeing lower pricing, but it's still yielding very well for us, and we're very pleased with the results and we'll continue to work hard to improve upon that.
David Bernstein: It's really hard to say because you're now getting into voyage-by-voyage and country-by-country detail. We try to generally understand the overall economic environment and did our best to go voyage-by-voyage sourcing and come up with a reasonable plan that we believe is our best guess.
David Bernstein: So I can answer your question, but the hard part of answering your question, first of all, I only know the numbers for us. I don't have all the numbers for the industry for 2020. And for us in total, we are seeing -- we have 7.3% capacity growth and we do expect to see 11% capacity increase in 2020 in Europe, 26% in China and 8% in Alaska. And that is our capacity increase overall for the whole corporation. But when you go in brand-by-brand, in 2020, it's very different.
David Bernstein: So I'd add to that. I think I tried to explain in my prepared remarks that we were sort of surprised at the levels of bookings and the prices that we needed during the second quarter. So the demand we're seeing and the environment we're seeing is really, you could say, it's something similar to what the ECB is seeing as they are talking about creating more stimulus to help the economic environment in Europe. So it was a bit of a surprise and that's why we took -- we reflected that in our guidance this quarter.
David Bernstein: So keep in mind that a lot of the $0.04 to $0.06 was disruption from the cancellations in the short-term. Next year, we have a lot of less bookings on the books so that -- but keep in mind there's also a full year impact versus this year was a half year impact. To add to what Arnold had said, one potential dynamic that we can't anticipate is that our competitors did increase their short cruise capacity when they started sailing to Cuba and without the Cuba demand, it may be hard to build the short capacity. So we really can't predict what others will do and if they'll keep the capacity in the short market versus going back to long cruises. And so this is one of the things we'll be watching very closely.
David Bernstein: Yes. And I do want to point out, we do have global brands as well within the portfolio and they also do want to point out that some of our competitors do have national and regional brands. They're just not consolidated into their results because they're treated from an equity perspective. But as Arnold indicated, we get very strong results over time in the long run from the variety of types of brands that we have in our portfolio.
David Bernstein: Yes. No. I mean -- okay, I mean, there are a little puts and takes in the NAA brands. But the only two things I'd really call out in the NAA brands versus our prior guidance was the voyage disruption and the travel restriction to Cuba. Other than that, it was a bunch of small puts and takes.
David Bernstein: Yes. So as I indicated in my prepared remarks, we did see increases on both sides at the Atlantic. And we are -- we do expect to see those type or better yield increases in the balance of the year in onboard and other revenue, which is what we included in the guidance. We got a lot of things in the works, which should hopefully continue to improve those numbers as we move forward.
David Bernstein: Yes. The only thing I'll add is since we have more Lloyd ships in Alaska than the rest of the industry combined, so it is difficult for us to move the needle dramatically year-over-year just by adding 1 or 2 new high-yielding ships to the mix compared to our competitors.
David Bernstein: Yes. I think what you're referring to is because we break the world into two segments, our NAA and EA, somebody may have interpreted the booking comments to be both the E and the A and it really was just the E.
David Bernstein: We did have an issue on the AIDAprima last year, but it had a dry dock that was very close by and we were able to quickly take it into dry dock and return it to service. Unfortunately, with the dry dock unavailable at the Grand Bahama Shipyard, we had to find some other alternatives to fix the ship and so it's taking a little longer than it might have otherwise have taken, which magnified the impact.
David Bernstein: Yes. So for '18, we had 500 days. The number is same essentially in '19. And for 2020, it's going to be a little higher, 520 days.
David Bernstein: And just to give you math behind that, a 1% yield growth will drive a 5% earnings growth, and a 1% cost reduction will drive a 3% earnings growth on top of the 7% capacity growth.
David Bernstein: So we haven't noticed any impact on any of our bookings going to the DR as a result of what's happened in a couple of hotels there, which have all been isolated incidents from what I've read. And so overall in fact, my son was in the DR last week, spent a week there and had a wonderful vacation.
David Bernstein: Yes. So if you went back to the guidance we gave in December, we actually included in that guidance yields in the second quarter that were up approximately 2% similar to the results. We had some itinerary changes and seasonality that affected the second quarter. So we anticipated the second quarter being, call it, the lowest increase of the year. And as I said before, we do expect slightly higher increases in the third and fourth quarter.
David Bernstein: So our onboard revenue in Europe, as I said, in both cases, we're seeing increases on both sides of the Atlantic, and we are not seeing any significant impact on onboard revenue in Continental Europe.
David Bernstein: So it's very difficult. I mean, I haven't actually taken -- done that analysis. But I will tell you that every time we do an overall mix analysis for a new ship, given our size, the mix is very tiny. And so I am assuming it's a very tiny impact on the bookings as well.
Arnold Donald: And while the environment seems similar, as I mentioned, the conditions we're operating in within our own brands is different going into 2020 and that gives us you know a basis to build on.
Arnold Donald: I would say, again a general comment, so overall, our North America brands are doing well with regards to guidance and what we had included in guidance. And I'll let David give you the details on them.
Arnold Donald: And just to refresh your memory, we do have the tour complication in Alaska, where we have a tour business that has a certain amount of capacity and even though you can increase the number of guests going to Alaska, we don't necessarily have additional rooms in the resorts and other things to -- for total yield once you get to onboard revenue, et cetera, excursions. So that's another level of complication, but Alaska is strong, is profitable, is growing.
Arnold Donald: I will answer the latter part of your question first as David looks up the details on these percentage growth here, but it was double digits in Continental Europe this year uniformly. And I think overall for -- you said for the industry, so it would be much higher than ours individually probably. But in any event, we are always looking at rightsizing every market, every source market, every destination market. And you know obviously, we'll be looking at that going into next year and beyond in Europe, especially in Southern Europe.
Arnold Donald: So that would be all of Europe. If you want to focus -- sorry, we didn't have the answers as frankly for you, but the bottom line is this, if you look at AIDA, AIDA was up double-digit capacity growth this year.
Arnold Donald: Almost 20%. And there won't be -- they will be up 5% or 6% or something next year. Costa was up almost 14% this year, but that was with existing hardware with -- not with new ship -- it was not within the newbuild. Next year we'll be up in Costa, but it will be the newbuild with Smeralda, which is -- brings in efficiencies and so on and so forth. So the brands will be experiencing a different dynamic as well there was capacity increase from others in Germany this year and they will not have capacity increase next year. So when you look at those markets that primarily we're focused on, all those brands that primarily we've been focused on in this conversation with the yield adjustment, they will be going into a better situation even if the overall environment hasn't changed much in Europe. And in addition to that of course, we're going to do a number of things ourselves from creating demand and other things to try to improve the performance there. Having said all that, AIDA is still growing earnings in Europe and so on and so forth. So we have an opportunity still to focus on what we want to focus on, which is earnings growth and return on invested capital, and we have a good base in AIDA to do that going forward and have the opportunity with Costa as well.
Arnold Donald: I would say, first of all, AIDA is one of the highest return brands that we have. And so while it may not be a yield story, it's an earnings and it is an accretive story, and it is helping us overall deliver. Costa this year, as I mentioned, had existing hardware, did not have new hardware and the capacity increase there, with the new hardware they're getting us is going to provide us with a new vessel, give us an opportunity, again, for financial performance and return generation. We will be looking at overall capacity though, this July not, but we will be looking overall at capacity to see if we feel with all of that we still need to make some other adjustments.
Arnold Donald: I think the opportunity is definitely to have unit cost reductions. The question is, is it worthwhile to reinvest that to create demand? And so that's -- the trade-off will be evaluating and assessing. But absolutely, it gives us the opportunity for unit cost reduction with the capacity increase, and either that goes to the bottom line or should be invested to drive yield.
Arnold Donald: I think, again, when we give guidance, we factor in a whole lot of things. And even now with this guidance, we have a half year to go and things happen. And so even within this guidance, we are assuming some things are going to go wrong in the second half of the year. I think what happened -- and if and though you're asking just about Europe, but you know we look at things holistically because there's so many moving parts. And what's happening right now is just complements of events. We've had them in the past, but we were able to overcome them this year, the complements kind of overwhelm us. But we've had issues in other markets over the years, where you had a yield challenge where -- you guys worry about China one year and other time it was Caribbean and the stuff moves around. So yes, Europe definitely is weaker than it appeared at that time. But again, things -- some things get stronger, some things get weaker every year. And so in this case, it happens to be Europe, and we have to look at it and look ahead and see if we need to make other changes, look at the changes we're already making and whether that will accommodate us to help us drive towards what we're chasing, which is double-digit earnings growth and elevated return on invested capital.
Arnold Donald: Yes, thank you. Again, complex question, the reality is Cuba is gone for the foreseeable future and so it didn't add into plans for next year. And therefore, that higher-yielding itinerary is off the table. And companies like us and others will have to adapt to see what they can generate. Having said that, it was already the Caribbean. The ships are already stopping at -- off the Caribbean islands. And so while the overall itinerary yields will potentially be less if we can't come up with creative ways to generate more onboard revenue or whatever. That -- the fact is the effect, it's a certain percent of capacity and next year who knows what percent it will be because some of those ships may move out of the Caribbean entirely. So yes, it could put some additional pressure, but the Caribbean has been a very strong market this year. Yields are up, occupancy is up. I mean, it has been a very strong market and even with the impact of Cuba.
Arnold Donald: But having said that, that's a deep build to manage the Caribbean right now. I mean looking into early -- it's early, but looking into 2020, bookings are very strong, and it looks good.
Arnold Donald: We've looked at the model all the time because it's just part of managing the business. But the reality is, our model, over the last five years, you look at things, like return on invested capital, common financial metrics, has performed comparably, in some cases, better, in some cases, slightly not, but in any given year, a model could benefit more or less. For example, this year, we actually had less dependence on Cuba because of our portfolio than others, so the impact on our total business of Cuba, while it is an impact, is less than what was from other players. We have more activity in Europe than they do. So the impact in Europe to us is more dramatic than it is for them. And so those things move around, but overall the model has delivered over the last five years. This year, we had a modest growth plans in the first place as we're prepping for the capacity build coming over the next several years, and we feel strongly the model was going to deliver and the proof will be in the pudding. But in any given year, one can look slightly better than the other. But it's a portfolio, it's a portfolio approach and portfolio of brands and overall it delivers.
Arnold Donald: It does make our yield story more complicated. But in the end, as you guys know, we're chasing earnings and the return on invested capital, but it absolutely makes the yield story more complicated.
Arnold Donald: We would like to point out to you guys on AIDA though. I would like to point out on AIDA, just to make it clear. While that's a yield challenge this year and we revised some yield stuff, overall AIDA is growing earnings. And as I said, it's one of the higher-performing brands that we have. And so we're very confident about it going forward, and I think the dynamics in the future, along with the actions that the brand team are taking and we're taking overall, is going to just enhance that performance. Go ahead, I am sorry, you were...
Arnold Donald: Overall, chain is doing better and we've had yield increases and the business is better. So go ahead, David.
Arnold Donald: Okay. In terms of newbuilds, you're always going to build new ships, because they are more cost efficient, you get economies of scale, they're more fuel efficient, they are just more efficient. So the question when it comes to capacity is how quickly are you going to divest lower-performing vessels? And that depends on how the market goes. So if we see persistence in market challenges and creating a demand to fill the ships, then we would accelerate capacity reduction on lower-yielding ships. But the new ships are the wrong place to go because those new ships are giving you your double-digit return on invested capital.
Arnold Donald: First of all, Vista is a very high-performing ship, which is why we have a significant impact from -- of few weeks of cancellation and some modified itineraries where we had to kind of take care of our guests in the right way, given the fact it was a little bit disruptive to their vacation plan. So this is a very high-performing ship, mechanical issue that reduce the speed of the ship. Some mechanical issue that reduced the speed of the ship, wasn't a safety issue, just reducing the speed of the ship. But reducing the speed forces a change in itineraries and you got to get it repaired. And so it's not unique to Vista, the particular equipment is on other ships, not just ours, but other companies, there have been other issues with other ships with the particular equipment involved. And obviously we're addressing that with the manufacturer and being in front of it on other ships that have that same piece of equipment.
Arnold Donald: Again, it's early. We're not giving guidance here for 2020. But clearly, we will be working towards that objective.
Arnold Donald: Depending what we do with the cost savings that would address. So can you get there with as little as 1% yield improvement? The answer is yes you could. Obviously, we'll be driving fleet yield above and beyond that. And so just the matrices we've shown you in the past, we've shown investors in the past, there is the capability to deliver double-digit earnings growth and increase return on invested capital. Obviously, we're going to be working to drive beyond all that and that can effect the combination of cost versus yield.
Arnold Donald: We'll have to see. We're not given guidance here. But the reality is with that kind of capacity growth, you definitely have a lot of cost improvement that you have available to you, to either put to the bottom line or to reinvest. We already invest heavily in promotion, given the scale we have, and whatnot. And we will continue to invest. But the practical reality, again, is, in the end, you're chasing a certain amount of reach and frequency and messaging, et cetera. You don't always have to ramp up proportionally to the increase in demand you need. How you message, sources of messaging the people, how you reason what's used in PR versus paid media versus direct mail versus digital on and on and on. And then leveraging our scale effecting -- more effective media bias because of our scale, et cetera. So there's a lot of dynamics there and we're focused on being cost effective. We're not afraid to invest. But at the same time, we expect to harvest some of the cost improvements from the capacity increase. And with that level of capacity increase, you have more opportunity.
Arnold Donald: I think the fact that there are other companies having more ships going to Alaska and getting more new to cruise to try to go to Alaska will absolutely play a role. I don't think there's been anything that's -- just from the tone of questions, it makes it sound like Alaska is weak or something, and that's just not the case. Again, you've got yield dynamics. But in the end, we're chasing earnings and return on invested capital. And so while Alaska, we would love to have higher yields in Alaska, even higher, we're going to work to do that, Alaska is a very strong market.
Arnold Donald: We're certainly going to work to try to beat what we have in guidance in Southern Europe. But we've given you our best projection at this point is what's included in our guidance. It has been a challenging environment for some time and at periods of time, it gets even more challenging. And that's what we're facing now.
Arnold Donald: No. I think, look, we welcome whenever Cuba is open for cruise travel again. That obvious, that's first thing. But the second thing is, our ships that we have are our ships that we have. We didn't change our concentrate, certain type of hardware to Cuba versus other. So it's the core of our Carnival fleet, core of our Holland America fleet, the core of our Seabourn fleet, and so it's our normal ships. Having said that, clearly, as I said, as best in the case of Carnival, the ships are ready in the Caribbean and they would stop at other ports in the Caribbean along with Cuba. Cuba was a draw. You were getting definitely guests who wanted to go to Cuba, now was a draw and it lifted yields and so on. But we don't see it as an overwhelming capacity shift or anything. But clearly, it introduces a factor that causes us to have to work harder to fill the ships at good pricing. Only other comment I will make Robin is that the Caribbean has been very, very strong overall. So you don't want that to happen, but it happened in a strong destination market. We'll take a couple of more questions. We're little over time. But I know we started one minute or two late, so couple of more questions, Keith.
Arnold Donald: Well, we see promotional activity all the time from other cruise lines and, I guess, some of ours will occasionally do promotion as well. Have we seen a ramp-up in promotional activity related to the Cuba ship? And I guess the answer to that would be, yes, we have. But we've been holding price and doing well with that.
Arnold Donald: No. Absolutely. Whenever we can go back to Cuba, we absolutely will go back to Cuba. So a great experience for guests. Obviously, there's a lots of Cuban-Americans who want to connect with family, but more broadly for Americans. And then for the Cuban locals in terms of the impact for them, it is a big driver for the micro economy there for the individual citizens of Cuba. So we would absolutely go back. We had great experiences for our guest and we welcome that opportunity.
Arnold Donald: It's a significant lost economic impact for Cuba, there's no question about it. All right thank you very much everyone. I know we kept you a little long. Just know that again while we're disappointed having to revise guidance, very disappointed with the situation. With Vista, our teams are working hard to mitigate all that. We are still working hard to beat last year's record earnings. We're still obviously generating great cash and so on. But more importantly, we feel of a strong foundation and with the actions we're taking and the actions that we are considering to take and we'll eventually take some subset of those, we're confident we'll be well positioned for our objective of double-digit earnings growth and double-digit return -- growing at double-digit return on invested capital over time. Thank you very much.
Beth Roberts: I think what Jared -- to point Jared's question was really the industry supply growth for the European source market not the deployment. From a source market perspective, we are looking at 9% supply growth in the EA segment this year and it compares to the comparable rate next year. If you look at Continental Europe, it is down from 13% to 10%, that is mostly reflection of -- sorry, includes Asia, AIDA is up mid-single digit, Costa is up low double digits, again, with the new ship this year. Costa is -- Asia is up with the new ship and Cunard is down slightly and P&O is up high single digits.
Beth Roberts: It was up 16% this year, and for us it's up 8%. We don't have the industry yet, but we are more than half of the industry.
Beth Roberts: Capacity growth is -- for this year was 4.5%; for next year, it 7.3%; for '21, it is 6.1%; and for '22, it's 5.3%. Those are growth numbers. They can't go up, but they will come down. CapEx is $6.7 billion in '19, $5.7 billion in '20 and $5.9 billion in '21 and $5.4 billion in '22. Interest is $195 million roughly for the year and depreciation is $2.22 billion for the year.
