David Bernstein: Thank you, Micky. Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this call will be forward-looking. I will refer you to the cautionary statement in today's press release. Also, all of my references to revenue and cost metrics will be in local currencies, unless otherwise noted, as this is a more useful measure of business trends. Our non-GAAP EPS for the first quarter was $0.02. The first quarter came in $0.06 below the midpoint of our December guidance. The $0.06 shortfall from our December guidance was driven by $0.04 from the Costa Concordia incident expenses not covered by insurance and $0.04 from the impairment charge related to the Costa Allegra. All the other items netted out to a favorable $0.02 per share as higher-than-expected revenue yields and cost savings, including lower advertising expenses, more than offset $0.06 of higher fuel prices. Now let's look at our first quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased almost 4%. Our North American brands grew over 4%, while our Europe, Australia and Asia brands or, as we call them, our EAA brands, grew almost 3%. Our total net revenue yields increased 2.9% in the first quarter, with net ticket revenue yields up 2.6% and net on board and other revenue yields up 3.7%. With respect to our net ticket yields, the North American brands were up almost 5% as yields rebounded in the Caribbean, benefiting from the continuing recovery in the U.S. economy after absorbing a significant capacity increase last year. During the first quarter, the Caribbean represented 2/3 of the North American brands' capacity. Our EAA brands' net ticket yields were in line with the prior year, with their ships cruising in numerous regions throughout the world during the first quarter. For net on board and other yields, the 3.7% increase was also driven by our North American brands. While consistent with our expectations, our EAA brands were down, principally due to the challenging economic environment in Europe. On the cost side, net cruise costs excluding fuel per available lower berth day were up over 6% versus the prior year. More than 1/2 the increase was driven by the Costa Concordia incident expenses not covered by insurance and the impairment charge related to the Costa Allegra. The remaining increase was due to the higher number of dry-dock days and related costs in the first quarter, which we discussed on the December call. As a result of our ongoing efforts to reduce fuel usage, our consumption per ALBD declined 2.5% this quarter, continuing our multiple-year savings trend. Fuel prices in the quarter were up 30%, which cost us an additional $0.18 per share. In summary, the first quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.17 lower than 2011 earnings of $0.19 per share as increased yields were more than offset by higher dry-dock costs, higher fuel prices, the Costa Concordia incident expenses and the Costa Allegra impairment charge. Excluded from our non-GAAP EPS but included in our GAAP loss per share were impairment charges of $173 million or $0.22 per share, relating to all of Ibero's goodwill and 60% of their trademarks. We believe it's more meaningful to exclude these non-cash charges from our non-GAAP EPS, given their non-recurring nature and the fact that we believe they are not an indication of our future earnings performance. As we disclosed since 2010, we have been closely monitoring Ibero's intangibles, given the small amount of headroom in excess of its carrying value. At this time, given the state of Spain's economy, we slowed down the projected pace of Ibero's capacity growth in our discounted cash flow projections that are used to estimate Ibero's fair value, which primarily resulted in the impairment charge. Now turning to our 2012 outlook. I will skip the net revenue yield outlook as Howard will discuss that shortly. On the cost side, for the full year, net cruise costs excluding fuel per ALBD are forecasted to be flat versus the prior year. This is consistent with our December guidance, despite the $45 million of Costa Concordia incident expenses and the $34 million of Costa Allegra impairment charge, which increased the year-over-year cost metrics by 1.1 percentage points. Our operating companies identified opportunities in a number of areas to reduce costs, offsetting these items. At this point, I will turn the call over to Howard.
David Bernstein: We did, by the way, think about and look at laying up ships. But because of the disruptive nature and the short-term nature of the occupancy decline, we don't believe that, that would make sense for the long-term strength of the brand.
David Bernstein: Looking at the North American brand specifically, I mean, shortly after the incident, they started down in the double-digits, and they improved considerably. As Howard mentioned in his notes, it varies week by week, depending on the marketing activities of each brand. But it is, overall, a general positive trend into the low-single digits.
David Bernstein: Correct. Yes. We just basically slowed down the future growth of capacity. We still believe in the Spanish market longer term. But at the moment, I think we've said a number of times that Ibero was struggling as a result of the economy. I think the unemployment rate is still like 20% in Spain. And as a result of that, we felt this was the right thing to do.
David Bernstein: And with 2 to 3 ships a year, if you net out some sales as Micky mentioned, you're really probably only talking about a 3% or 4% capacity growth, which was really in line with the population growth in many of the markets and where we operate. And actually, it is less than the growth of the, let's say, the 45-plus age population growth in many of the markets we're operating. So we feel that we have slowed down the capacity growth in line with our overall marketplace.
David Bernstein: But keep in mind, Harry, the 1% you're talking about is in a period of time where you're talking about a high-single digit, and in many cases, double-digit capacity growth. And so now, we're talking about low-single-digit capacity growth. And the reason we changed the strategy was for the very point you mentioned, in the hopes that we wouldn't necessarily have to discount the cruises as much compared to other vacation alternatives. We could begin to close the gap, get a little bit more pricing power and improve our return on investments.
David Bernstein: Okay. Well, let me start with the $30 million deductible relating to the Costa Concordia. At the time we put that into the 10-K, it wasn't clear what the end result of the ship would be. Now that it's been declared a constructive total loss, the deductible no longer applies. It's just a part of the overall policy. And therefore, that $30 million disappeared from the financial analysis. As far as the capacity by quarter, let's see. The total capacity, we’re up 3.7% in the first quarter; 2.7%, second; 2.9%, third; 2.9%, fourth; and 3.0% for the full year.
David Bernstein: We've consistently said flat to 1/2 of inflation. And the reason we're comfortable with that is because we are working on quite a number of things. We have a corporate group. We’ve got a profit improvement program. They've got lots of different things going on. The gold mine of opportunity for us is the continuation of the brands working together to leverage our size, to work through collectively in order to save money. And we've been working on that extensively over the last couple of years, and that gold mine of opportunity is far from completely harvested at this point.
David Bernstein: Yes. We looked at every single line item. To start with, on the advertising front, I mean, we had talked about the fact that advertising was down in the first quarter because all the brands essentially stopped advertising for some period of time after the event. We do expect to spend most of that money in the remainder of the year, but probably not all of it. So some of it came in the form of advertising. We looked through the G&A expenses, travel, training, cutting back in all areas that weren't essential. All of the operating companies' CEOs talked to their people and identified numerous items relating to ship operating expenses that could be saved without impacting the product. And one other item is we built our forecast early in the year on inflation assumptions. And what we noticed was, in the first 3 months of the year, our inflation assumptions were a little high, so we brought them down for the back half of the year. And as a result of the lower expectations, we were able to reduce costs in the remaining 3 quarters to cover some of those one-time expenses we talked about.
David Bernstein: Yes. No, Costa did indicate in a press release this morning that because of the complexity, they do expect the duration to be 10 to 12 months overall.
David Bernstein: Well, overall, I mean, all our brands, depending on the marketplace and the itinerary, in some cases, it's pricing. In some cases, it's an upgrade. In some cases, it's an onboard credit. Our brands are very creative, and they do what works in each situation. So there's a little bit of everything thrown in across all of the brands around the world. As far as the onboard spend is concerned, Howard did indicate that excluding Costa, he expected the prices overall for the year to be in line with the prior year. So taking a look at that, we weren't necessarily expecting a significant change, and we built into our onboard revenue forecast an increase. We actually had -- excluding Costa, we probably had about 1.5 points of yield increase on the onboard side in the December guidance. The first quarter came in much more than we had anticipated, and so we did build in a little bit of an increase in those numbers for the remainder of the year. So we are seeing some good onboard spend increases. All of the categories are up, all the major categories, including casino in the first quarter. I was quite pleased by that.
David Bernstein: Okay. Well, as far as Costa's concerned, Jamie -- I mean, you're right. The math -- the way the math works since it's 15% of our capacity, that 15% to 25% range makes sense. One thing to keep in mind that we talked about is the majority of that is going to come in the form of occupancy when you're talking about yield decline. So at the moment, Costa's behind in terms of bookings in the high-single digits. So they can continue to be behind on a year-over-year basis considerably to wind up with a 15% to 25% occupancy decline -- or yield decline, most of it coming from occupancy. This isn't a situation where Costa has to catch up. It's not a zero-sum game. They don't have to exceed last year's booking patterns in order to make this guidance. So it's a little bit different from that perspective. As far as the full year guidance is concerned, we did exceed the guidance in the first quarter. It was 1.5% to 2.5%. We came in at 2.9%. So the year was starting off strongly. We're very pleased. I think Micky indicated that before. So I'd like to believe we might have increased it, but it's very hard to say at this point what would have happened.
David Bernstein: Jamie, we don't have the goodwill for Costa with us, but you can call Beth after the call. I'm sure she can fill you in on some of the details. I will say that when we last did the Costa goodwill test, which we did -- we do every July, there was a considerable amount of headroom. And our expectation is that the brand will be rebuilt, and it will perform, and so we're not concerned about a goodwill impairment in relation to Costa.
David Bernstein: I think, overall, we said in the long term the 30% to 40% was our target. But the reason we chose the 30% to 40% was because we believe that, that was sustainable through all cycles. This is a cycle, and therefore, we're -- we believe the dividend is sustainable until the earnings comes back.
David Bernstein: Yes. It's in the press release. We've got the table for the back half of 2012, as well as '13, '14, and '15 where 20% of our consumption is collared.
David Bernstein: As far as the net debt, it will be -- essentially, that does imply it will be flat. We do have some maturities this year, but we also have a couple of export credits associated with the ship deliveries. So it should be essentially flat for the year.
Micky M. Arison: I'm kidding, Felicia. I guess what we're saying is that our brands -- and we're obviously comfortable with what we're saying here. And the reality is, all we're saying is that marketing efforts, discounting, et cetera, to achieve our yields forecast will not be greater than last year or shouldn't be greater than last year. But that's not to say there wasn't incentive for booking last year as well. So it's not that marketing activities won't continue. It's not that -- but we're very comfortable with this forecast based on the information we have to date, and we believe that they're very achievable. And we'll do what marketing efforts we need to do to get it done. Clearly, the pattern is -- has been positive as we get further away from the incident.
Micky M. Arison: I think Howard's point is a good point. We've done consumer surveys now in all our major markets, and all our brands are doing them. And by far, the #1 reason why people are holding out is not safety. Safety is way down the list. There is a clear recognition that this is a very, very safe industry. The #1, consistently across-the-board, is that expectation that prices are getting lower. And at this point, there's no reason to believe that's going to be the case versus last year. And hopefully, as people realize it, they'll come off the fence and book their vacations.
Micky M. Arison: By the way, I was only partially kidding. Because as airfares across the Atlantic get higher, Queen Mary 2 gets to be a greater and greater value. And it's the best way to go to Europe or back.
Micky M. Arison: Yes. I want to at least have the opportunity to clarify that comment about occupancy with Costa. It's clearly a short-term tactic based on present information and the fact that Costa, in many of its markets, still is not doing any advertising. So it's the reality of the situation. It's a tactic. As soon as that changes, as soon as they are comfortable from a PR point of view to start marketing, they will do that and hopefully bring this occupancy up. But our forecasts are built on the concept that the majority of their yield deterioration will be occupancy.
Micky M. Arison: It's interesting because the perception out there was that Carnival Cruise Lines, because they have more first timers and more North America and because of the name recognition, vis-à-vis Costa, would be most impacted. But in reality, they've been the least impacted. And in fact, their business is up year-over-year. And they're our best performing brand right now on a year-over-year basis.
Micky M. Arison: The reality is the way this is done -- and maybe David can explain it better than I can. It's a long-term model, and in that long-term model, we had projections of moving ships into the brand and growing the brand over time. In reality, over the last 12 months, we have reduced capacity by moving the Grand Voyager out of the brand, and our competitors, Pullmantur, have also pulled capacity out of the marketplace. So was it realistic to continue to assume that we're just going to add capacity when we're actually reducing capacity? And so when we pulled that capacity out of the model, it required this write-off. David...
Micky M. Arison: And obviously -- it's blatantly obvious, but from 1 year ago, Costa's capacity now will be down 3 ships with -- they sold the Costa Marina, the Concordia and, now, the Allegra. So their capacity is 3 ships less than we would have expected in '13.
Micky M. Arison: We're still -- you can go back to the normal stuff. We're still a very, very small piece of the vacation market. And the reality of the growth potential in many of our markets is still very big. And we've said that we're growing at a much, much slower pace, 2 to 3 ships a year, and we've also said that the 2 or 3 ships a year will not be all incremental capacity because some of the older ships will be sold and taken out of the fleet. And in fact, the Allegra was for sale, and we had anticipated taking her out of the fleet as soon as we had a buyer. So the growth rate will be coming down, but I still think there's plenty of growth potential in this industry. Remember, unlike the hotel industry, we operate at full occupancy. Hotel industry operates at 70% or 75% occupancy.
Micky M. Arison: Our long-term strategy on occupancy and price has not changed. Our discussion about giving occupancy in Costa is a short-term tactical situation based on present events. But you should expect that our long-term strategy, which we believe is the way to maximize profitability, has not changed.
Micky M. Arison: Yes. I mean, we've written her down because it was our intent to -- it is not our intent to put her back into service, and we believe that the repair cost will be more than we'd want to spend to put her back in service. Whether we sell her or scrap her, that decision hasn't been made yet. We have to get a full cost of what it will take to repair her. She's on the market for sale, she has been, but we're going to have to obviously reduce the price of the ship for sale, and we’ll see what happens.
Micky M. Arison: Just to finish up on the issue of potential regulations, clearly, this is something that, with the safety group that we have, both internally and with CLIA, those recommendations, when found, would go to the IMO. And if they think that we can institute immediately, we would obviously do that like we did with the muster drill change that we did with CLIA. But anything that was more structural or anything like that, that would be costly would have to go through the IMO process that would take quite some time. So it's not something that would be in our '13 expectations -- our '12 expectations, sorry.
Micky M. Arison: Our forecast is built on what our brand's booking patterns are now and what they perceive they will wind up with at the end of the year. And then we look at it for reasonability. And I think, based on everything that's happened, everybody's a bit conservative. But obviously, it's our best shot at where we're going to wind up. And historically, we've done a pretty good job of that. Obviously, this is the unique set of circumstances, and that's why the ranges are a little broader. But I don't think it has anything to do with last year. I think it's based on what we're seeing right now and what the perception is going forward and where we're going to wind up.
Micky M. Arison: Even the booking period over the holidays, which is normally extremely quiet, was very strong this year. So we were very encouraged up until January 13.
Micky M. Arison: One of the encouraging things is -- obviously, Italy is the biggest issue. And our surveys -- we've done extensive surveys in Italy. And the encouraging thing is that the Italian consumer continues to view Costa as a great vacation option and a terrific vacation value. When the majority of the population feels that way, you feel very strongly that once we get past this, they're going to want to experience the product because that's the way they feel right now. So wherever -- there's no question that Costa's going to come back and come back stronger than ever over the long term.
Micky M. Arison: We're not trying to signal anything. We're just trying to give the facts as they are. We weren't trying to signal anything.
Micky M. Arison: And that was kind of -- I mean, that's what we have pointed out in the press release, that the cash flow is sufficient to cover all our CapEx and the dividend.
Micky M. Arison: We have no idea. No. Italy is Italy, and they're going through their process. We're cooperating in every way we can.
Micky M. Arison: We'll never do that if the fuel consumption is just too large. The likelihood is we'd lengthen it rather than shorten it. When we lengthened it from 6 to 7 days, the fuel savings was high enough that we didn't need any additional revenue to make the profitability increase. And in fact, we did get some additional revenue. So it was the correct decision, and we're actually studying lengthening it again to reduce the speed again. I mean, we have a huge focus on reducing consumption.
Micky M. Arison: We have a very extensive refit program going on at a number of our brands, and that is already in our CapEx expectation prior to this quarter. We also, based on lessons learned from a prior but similar event, we have had extensive refits to a number of our ships to improve the safety of the fire prevention systems in the engine rooms. And we've spent many millions of dollars over the last 12 months refitting the ships with additional safety equipment in those areas.
Howard S. Frank: I think as we've emerged from this period, and based on a lot of the surveys we've done in different markets, not in all markets, certainly not in certain European markets, the issue of the Concordia incident has really fallen away as a major obstacle for selling cruises. So it's come back to great value, great vacations. And our guys, really apart from the Costa situation, feel that things are getting better. So that -- the close-in patterns are good, which is not necessarily always good for us. We like to see further out booking patterns, and I think that's going to start to happen as business gets stronger closer in, then bookings get pushed out and pricing gets -- becomes more sustainable. So I think they're feeling pretty good about the situation, and we're not totally out of the woods. I don't want to suggest that. But certainly, the trending seems to be quite positive right now.
Howard S. Frank: No. I mean, they're -- look, our guys are pretty creative when it comes to the marketing side, and they are taking actions to strengthen the booking pattern for European cruises, and they're doing it in various ways. Each brand does it uniquely different than the other. They don't like -- they don't copy each other necessarily. So we're seeing bookings in Europe. It's just -- it has been slow, and it's going to be -- it's probably not going to be our best year in Europe and -- but I think that they will be creative. We haven't added a huge amount of capacity, North American brands to the European programs this year. It is up some, but not a whole lot.
Howard S. Frank: Right. And just let me comment further that a lot of the occupancy loss is occurring now. So on a shorter time frame, we'll see a greater proportion of the occupancy loss. Longer term, further out, we shouldn't have much occupancy loss on any of the brands. And then just one more point on the issue of looking at other possibilities, I mean, clearly, the company -- because it has a unique ability to source in so many different markets, it is looking further out and into 2013 at their itineraries, currently, and will make some adjustments indeed, I think, for this winter. This coming winter, they're moving another ship to the South American market, to the Brazil and Argentina zones.
Howard S. Frank: Yes. I think for North America, what we're seeing is actually a little bit of surprise. The contemporary brand Carnival seems to be performing stronger than their premium brands and -- but I think part of the premium brand issue as we read through it is also these European cruises this spring, summer and fall. But Carnival, we thought there would be more of a first-timer issue. They seem to have come through this quite nicely right now. And first timers appear to be, from everything they can see because their bookings have been up recently, that first timers -- we don't have the data specifically on first timers. It's too early, but it looks like Carnival Cruise Lines will not have any kind of a problem. For Holland America, Princess and even Seabourn, they're doing fine, except for these European cruises, and they're doing all they can to try to shore that up right now. But Alaska seems to be okay. Their Caribbean programs are fine. All their other long-term programs are fine. So I think that's sort of the North America situation. And it has gotten stronger each week. As I say, it's a little bit uneven, depending on how much marketing they're doing. But each week, the pattern is getting stronger and stronger.
Howard S. Frank: It's really -- I'd rather give you overall -- you’re really looking at it on a rolling basis because the weeks can be very uneven. But they are getting positive, yes.
Howard S. Frank: Yes. I mean, I think, Steve, it's going to take longer. I think we felt it's going to take longer for the Spanish economy to return to reasonable levels of strength so that -- it was hard to justify today, that 3 or 5 years, whenever we're adding a ship, would happen. We just -- with a marginal call on the goodwill for a while, we were covered with this additional capacity 3, 5 years out. But once we took that capacity out of the model and it was difficult for us to support it internally, we just felt uncomfortable with it, that let's just take it out and take the charge so we don't have to deal with it later on. It doesn't mean we wouldn't add that capacity later on if the market supported it. And clearly, we think the Spanish market will come back, but it may take a few more years than we originally thought. That's clearly seems to be what people are saying.
Howard S. Frank: Well, there's been a lot of -- when I said -- let me get into that. When I said come back, I said, for most markets, the pattern should start to -- they expect the patterns should start to normalize in about a year. Now what -- all the work and research have been -- huge amount of research done over in Europe by Costa on the process by which -- how this is going to happen, using benchmarks from other companies had in crisis situations. I think that -- while there's nothing that says that this pattern's going to follow those patterns, there is a feeling that on many of the major -- and by the way, we're starting to see -- many of Costa's markets are coming back already and starting to show some normalization, but they're not the major markets. The major markets for Costa will be Germany, Italy of course, France and Spain. We're seeing evidence in France and Spain, actually, of their business coming back already, less so in Italy and Germany. But we need Italy and Germany. Italy for sure, and...
Howard S. Frank: Yes. Italy, for sure, is going to be the major challenge. But I think the feeling is that 1 year from now, based on these very smart people who seem to have been through this before and the sense of the positive trending we're starting to see now without any marketing out there, that we should get back to more normal booking levels. Where the pricing -- I think -- I'm not sure pricing will come back to the same levels, but we'll see. But I think we'll gradually come out of this in '13. I think '13 should -- obviously will show an improvement over '12, but it may take 1 year or 2 to get back to the kind of profitability that we expected to have in 2012.
Howard S. Frank: Yes. I mean -- yes, that's all in -- what I was trying to do was explain the major reduction in guidance, and that represented $0.65 of the $1.15 in lower guidance, Harry.
Howard S. Frank: There's no question, we agree with you, that the product deserves much higher yield growth and, hopefully, in the future, we'll see it. But we have gone through a financial crisis, and I won't go through the whole litany of stuff. But the reality is that we believe, with the slower capacity growth, that in a normalized period of time, we can get significantly higher yield growth. And historically, we haven't had cost growth so that the returns could return.
Howard S. Frank: Greg, the one thing I will agree with you on is the comparisons will be easier for 2012. I hate to get into talking about 2013 just yet. I think it's still early. But clearly, the comparisons will be easier. I think we like -- look, I think we've got a great business. I think we like -- we got our strong brand positionings in each of the major markets. When we started the year, this year, the first 2 weeks of January, where I mentioned our business was quite strong, our bookings were up, our pricing was up, especially in North America, we were feeling that this could be a very, very strong year, and then this event came along. So yes, I think 2013, absent exogenous events that -- and the European economy going into a real tailspin, we're doing okay. Even the U.K. market -- North America looks fine to us, actually. U.K. market, even with all this noise out there, is coming right -- it's coming through very nicely right now and with very little sign that the incident is affecting their business at all right now. And so we feel good about that, and we know Germany's going to come back. The AIDA brand is an amazing brand with an amazing management team, very talented people running it and the strongest position in the German market. And Costa, we think it's going to go through a little bit of pain this year and a little bit less pain in 2013, but it clearly will be better. And so I think the future is bright for us. I really feel good about the business right now.
Howard S. Frank: On the AIDA question, Tim, I think they've taken down their revenue yields as a result of these -- this hit. This interim hit. But they see the business coming back so their -- but they have -- for purposes of our forecast, they have taken down their revenue yields as a result of the incident. But I think that they're starting to see business come back. But there will be some level of hit because they've taken -- in order to fill close-in, they've had to take pricing down a little bit.
Howard S. Frank: In the last year or so, there have been a couple of different groups expressing an interest in that ship.
Howard S. Frank: I guess just a clarification, just probably because I'm more sensitive to it than some other people. But when David talks about saving on training, the focus is on hotel training, not safety training, not emergency training. Just hotel and that sort of stuff.
Howard S. Frank: Yes. And I didn't give -- actually, it wasn't the outlook. It was really the current status of bookings, and it was without Costa, x Costa.
Howard S. Frank: I think the issue with Costa is that since it's -- everything related to what that company is going to do this year is going to be such a one-off situation that to try to -- and even speculating on the situation or giving you data points, I don't think is worthwhile information. Let's just look at it for this year as a very challenging year, a rebuilding process, a retooling process, a remarketing process. So when you're not looking -- when you don't have marketing out there, your websites aren't doing any marketing. Even your basic website is difficult to market on today. Giving you information like that, I think, wouldn’t enable you to get a sense as to what the real business is doing. That's why I chose to say -- look, this is what the profit we expected it to be, this is what the profit loss is going to be, this is the swing, and let's look forward to 2013.
Howard S. Frank: And remember, the MENA effect last year was mostly within Costa. A large portion of the cost of MENA was actually in the Costa brand. So most of the other brands, I think, are marginally affected by MENA, but not to a great degree.
Howard S. Frank: Well, one of the challenges, I think, is going to be the salvage of that ship. Salvage bids just came in earlier this month, and they’re being evaluated right now. Realistically though, I mean -- and that's one of the challenges Costa's going to have -- we don't expect -- it's going to be a unique salvage. It's never been done in this order of magnitude. So there's a lot of planning and engineering that needs to go into it and probably building some unique tools to do it with. And it's realistic to think that the process -- what they're saying right now is we shouldn't expect the salvage process to begin until after the summer. So it could be there for quite some time, the hull of the ship.
Howard S. Frank: On the Alaska question, Jaime, I don’t remember what actually -- what we actually said on Alaska. I think Alaska's been pretty consistent and solid. Not spectacular. But I think -- if anything, I think it may -- the picture maybe look a little bit better, maybe at the expense of Europe for all I know. But I mean -- people doing more Alaska cruises than Europe cruises because of the cost of Europe cruises going up. But Alaska seems to be doing okay.
Howard S. Frank: I'm not sure if I said this, but [indiscernible] is asking me this question. But North America brands for that first 2 weeks of January were up in the mid-teens levels in terms of bookings. So it was off to -- we were off to a very, very positive start for North America.
Howard S. Frank: We are totally confident in the brand. I mean, it's a global brand. All the surveys we've done so far, whether they're in Continental Europe or other markets, indicate that the issue, certainly in other markets, is becoming less and less of an issue, the incident itself. Business has picked up in these other markets, and we're forecasting that it will take time in the Central European markets or primary European markets to get back to normal. But there's no reason -- I think people, even in Italy, are seeing this as a one-time freak event and don't see it as a fundamental issue with the company or the brand or the management or the safety of the ships. It's just a very unfortunate incident, and most of the polls seem to support that notion, so -- and are getting better and better on the issue. So we think it's going to come back fairly -- take 1 year, 2 to come back, but it's going to come back.
Howard S. Frank: Just that [ph] there would be no need to go to the markets to borrow any money in the banks. And our cash flows will cover our dividend, as well as our capital cost for the year.
Howard S. Frank: No, I suspect that -- look, I don't know which particular -- there are a number of different organizations regulatory-wise looking at the incident and probably will do some -- their own evaluations. There's also a prosecution -- ongoing question of prosecution for the -- against certain people or potentially the company. But we don't think that's going to happen relative to the event. That could go on for quite some time in Italy, as Micky indicates.
Howard S. Frank: And the passenger response on the ship has been terrific. They don't have a problem taking the additional day at sea.
Howard S. Frank: I really don't know the answer. That will vary, by the way, by brand, David, in terms of how much marketing. Certain brands do a lot more marketing onboard than others for future cruises. So it really varies by brand. But I don't -- we don't have any across-the-board answer for you on that. Sorry.
Howard S. Frank: Okay. Well, I thank you all for calling in. And if you have any further questions or details, Beth will be available for the rest of the day. Thanks so much. Have a great day, everyone.
