David Bernstein: Thank you Arnold. Before I begin, please note all of my references to revenue, ticket prices and cost metrics will be in constant currency unless otherwise stated. I’ll start today with a summary of our 2017 second quarter results, then I’ll provide some insights on booking trends and finish up with an update on our full year 2017 guidance. Our adjusted EPS for the second quarter was a record $0.52. As Arnold indicated, this was $0.07 above the midpoint of our March guidance. The improvement was revenue driven as increase in net ticket yield benefited from stronger pricing on closing bookings on both sides of the Atlantic, while on-boarding other yields continue to benefit from a variety of our ongoing initiatives. Now let’s turn to the second quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased almost 4%, the North American brands were up almost 6%, while the European, Australian and Asian brands, also known as our EAA brands, were up slightly. Our total net revenue yields were up 5.1%. Now let’s break apart the two components of net revenue yield. Net ticket yield were up 5.7%. This increase was driven by our North American brands deployment in the Caribbean, Europe and Alaska, as well as our EAA brands deployment in both Europe and the Caribbean. These increases were partially offset by decreases in our China deployment, as previously indicated. Net onboard and other yields increased 3.5%, with increases on both sides of the Atlantic. In summary, as Arnold indicated, our record second quarter adjusted EPS was better than last year’s previous record setting second quarter, with strong operational improvements of $0.13 and the $0.02 accretive impact of the stock purchase program, both being partially offset by the impact of higher fuel prices costing $0.11 and the unfavorable impact of currency worth a $0.01. Now, let’s turn to booking trends. Since the end of February, booking volumes for the next three quarters have been running in line with the prior year at nicely higher prices. At this point in time, cumulative bookings for the next three quarters are ahead of the prior year, again, at nicely higher prices. Let’s drill down into the cumulative book position. First, for our North American brands. The Caribbean and the seasonal European program are both well ahead of the prior year on both price and occupancy. While for Alaska, occupancy is in line at nicely higher prices. Secondly, for our EAA brands, our European deployment and the seasonal Caribbean program, occupancy is ahead at nicely higher prices. Finally, I want to provide you with an update on our full-year 2017 guidance. As Arnold indicated, our second order results combined with our strong book position enabled us to again increase in the midpoint of our guidance and raised our full-year earnings expectations to a range between $3.60 and $3.70 versus $3.45 for 2016. The improvement was driven by an increase in our net revenue yield guidance to approximately 3.5%, a half point increase, reflecting the impact of stronger pricing on closing bookings during the second quarter and slightly higher onboard and other yields. This was partially offset by a slight increase in our costs. For example, we planned increased investments in our four proprietary television programs, as well as advertising efforts to continue to optimize booking momentum for 2018 and beyond. As a result, net cruise cost without fuel for ALBD is now expected to be up approximately 1.5% for 2017. And now, I’ll turn the call back over to Arnold.
David Bernstein: Yes. And the only thing I’ll add to that is, we have traditionally said that, we’re targeting a dividend payout ratio of 40% to 50%. And as Arnold indicated, we recently increased the quarterly dividend in April, well, the Board did.
David Bernstein: Okay, yes, you know I can give you, so Harry, you know we have traditionally said that like for the next few quarters, for the current quarter we are 80% to 90% booked, is the historical range. For the next quarter out, which would be fourth quarter 50% to 70%, is the historical range. First quarter would be 30% to 50% and second quarter would be 15% to 25%. And we are approaching the high-end of all of the historical ranges as with the current booking curve.
David Bernstein: As we said for – as Arnold said for next year, when the prizes are ahead, I’d rather not give some particular additive to describe them at this point only because it’s early and we are not ready to give guidance for next year.
David Bernstein: Yes, we want – we’ll – Tim, we’ll have the industry data at the third quarter call, today we’ve got our data in total for 2018.
David Bernstein: And as for as China and Australia concerned, we are talking about mid-single digit capacity declines in each of those deployment markets.
Arnold Donald: Hey, good morning, Steve. Thank you for your comments. Look, obviously, as you just say, we had a tougher comparison versus last year in the fourth quarter. But our guidance is always our best projection of future. There we – nearly always is unexpected challenges and we thought - anticipate that and are able to adjust to the change in circumstances. But fundamentally, our guidance has remained the same. We added into, as we raised the midpoint of the full-year guidance, we added [the gains] [ph] to-date and let the guidance going forward the same, it’s not anymore complicated than that.
Arnold Donald: Overall, again, thanks again for your question. So China, overall, as you know, is a relatively small percent of our current capacity. As we said in the past, it’s an embryonic market, it’s the B2B business. So the fact that the Chinese are not currently traveling to Korea we believe aggravated a situation there in terms of yield and bookings and what have you. But honestly, at this point, because it is the B2B market, there are still always negotiations between the trade and the cruise companies like ourselves. So we believe it had an impact, indications would suggest that. But at this point, we can’t concretely say Korea produced any effect, but we suspect it did. In terms of overall, look, China is still going to be probably the largest cruise market in the world over time. It’s an embryonic market, is very small today. Concerning your question about Majestic Princess, we’re very excited about Majestic Princess. She is the first purpose built ship for China. We’re excited about the naming ceremony coming up in Shanghai in July, where we’re looking forward to that. And in terms of her itinerary planning, we always optimize deployments, and we see the opportunity for Majestic Princess to not only be home ported in China, but also to take travelers from China on fly cruise to other destinations, as we do with national [lead delegated] [ph] ships in many of our other brands. And so we just see that as a way to optimize the first year deployment and opportunity to build the appetite for cruising in China, both fly cruise as well as home porting and local destination embarkation. So, I hope I answered to your question, you can pull if I missed a point.
Arnold Donald: Got it. So first of all, yes, absolutely, we haven’t been able to measure any kind of impact from the various geopolitical issues and events in Europe and that sort of thing. So we haven’t seen any lost momentum. We see strong momentum in the business all the way through, it’s very early to be talking about first-half of next year. But through the first-half of next year, we’re up on occupancy, up on pricing, against a very tough comparison, because obviously a strong year this year, strong year last year, so lot’s of momentum in the business for certain. Your comment about optimization of the booking curve looking at price versus volume at different points in time and booking curve is absolutely true. We have a new revenue management tool for a number of other brands and we are constantly always optimizing across – brands across multiple source markets and itineraries. And so that is a fair comment. But with regards momentum in the business, now the momentum is very strong.
Arnold Donald: Look I think, the reality is that we have beat the number of quarters in a row, one quarter that won’t happen. And hopefully, it’s not any quarter soon, but it’s bound to happen eventually. We always give our best guesstimate. There are always things that happen in the market, as you know. I mean, we’ve gone through a lot of stuff, fuel, currency – fuel and currency moving together at the same time. We have all kinds of other issues with, you can’t go to Istanbul, you can’t go here, typhoons, hurricane, cyclones all that stuff. So we always give our best estimate, but we don’t think, we’re being ultraconservative. But obviously, we do factor in that things can go wrong. And we want to still perform and we will deliver towards the double-digit return of invested capital which is our commitment. We’re marching hard and fast towards that, and we do have tougher comparisons as Steve pointed out in his question in the fourth quarter as well than we had in these other quarters where we’ve done about a 4%, et cetera, versus prior year.
Arnold Donald: Absolutely. So the brands are all reviewing their forward plans. They want to maintain the momentum, they’re enjoying and we’re getting smarter and smarter about how to invest dollars. So while there is a plan to increase spend versus where we were previously planning, because they have recognized opportunities in media and some socials, but also some of our proprietary TV programs that David mentioned. Those are some areas we’ve looked at. There are other areas too as well and we’re ramping up an investment with some onboard efforts on the number of ships and so on. So that’s kind of what’s driving it, but they’re all revenue related, they’re all double-digit return on invested capital related. We’re seeing almost smart investments and that’s why we’re taking a look at increasing.
Arnold Donald: It would be disruptive. It is disruptive in terms of making investments in ports and what not. I’m not sure we have the freedom to do that under the current regulations. But as you look at it long-term, of course, we – as things evolve, when we are able to invest, we would look forward to co-investment. With Cuba or investing directly, if they allow that to develop ports. Cuba is going to really refresh the Caribbean. Obviously, today is a teeny tiny portion of our capacity. You won’t be able to even find the numbers in our overall reporting. But we’re excited about Carnival with Paradise sailing out of Tampa starting soon and this month still we are in June yet. And Holland America starting up in November, December. So we’re very excited about those two brands going falling on top of the historic year we have with Fathom and Adonia, and obviously, we were applying for the other brands to go. But it will be a while before we can actually financially invest in developing port infrastructure, that doesn’t mean that Cubans won’t do it themselves though.
Arnold Donald: Yes, you bet. First of all, the share price are at historical highs, but obviously, we don’t think they’re high enough. But having said that, we’re always opportunistically looking at the repurchase and we’ll continue to buyback shares. The balance is the Board decision. But I’d say, our pattern historically has been established with the dollar amounts that we’ve done of over $2.7 billion, I guess, since 2015 in buybacks. Obviously, we were up to about $1.2 billion in dividend distributions on an annual basis now. So when you look at that, I would say, until the Board says otherwise that’s been our historical pattern.
Arnold Donald: Hey, thank you. First of all, my expectation is that there will be additional capacity deployed in the coming years. In any given year for any specific balance of ships and brands for us, our decisions are very specific to our brands and the balancing of itineraries around the world and the balancing of optimizing yield. So we will be down next year in China a little bit on capacity. And again, that’s not only about China, it’s much about opportunities around the world, because our philosophy is, we always want to optimize and what we generate from our ships. So – but I don’t – China long-term it’s going to be a huge market. We’re extremely excited about our partnership with CSFC that has moved along very nicely. We still have lots of work to do with the trade there in China with distribution system. But again, just please keep in mind, the industry is tiny there. I mean, we’re very, very, very small, and these little moves hopefully. Hopefully the fact that there is less capacity next year. We’ll create the opportunity for yield improvement in China hopefully. But you can’t evenguarantee that, because there’s still a B2B business. This isn’t actually selling to consumers where consumers are saying, oh, if you drop the price, I would cruise more. It’s really a business to business transaction still at this stage.
Arnold Donald: To be honest with you, we obviously have internal estimates and stuff on that, which we wouldn’t disclose. But the reality – the fact of the reality is, there are so many variables moving at once. What we do know is that the roll out is progressing very nicely. As we shared with you before about a third of the inventory of the brands, the six brands that happen to use in the tool, that’s – there the inventory is impacted and going to be close on a percentage of those brands. In 2018, the brands are tremendously excited about it, is definitely contributing to positive results, there’s no question about that. And we will continue to contribute positive results for the rest of this year and beyond across multiple brands with it. But I won’t segment how much is yield or versus how much is other dynamics in the business demand creation and so on is the cumulative effect of all of it. But I have lots of anecdotal things I can share with you on specific itineraries, where yield would mean a difference, but the cumulative effect is definitely positive.
Arnold Donald: Absolutely, so our UK team was working on a particular itinerary and the two suggested certain pricing, the team thought that didn’t make any trends. They went back and to take a hard look at the two itself to see what was wrong with it, why was it suggesting this. They couldn’t find anything wrong with it, so they decided to travel on that particular itinerary and they ended up generating consumer more yield because they ended up instead of dropping price, you know taking the place up and when they further analyzed that the two gives you a lot more granularity, when they further analyzed it, they could see by meta, what was going on and why the two recommended an increase in certain metas and leaving the meta where they were being challenged flat as opposed to reducing the price. And so in the end, it produced significantly more yield in that particular itinerary than what have been achieved otherwise. So there’s lots of those kinds of examples. But overall, it’s allowing our people to – on a much more granular level, look at itineraries at different points in time. The two provides great inquiry and in the end it requires yield management by our yield experts and revenue scientists, but it allows just much, much more granular inquiry and execution in terms of smaller and more frequent price moves.
Arnold Donald: There is nothing in terms of the business that we are particularly concerned about, just the normal stuff that happens every year. But as I mentioned before, you know part of the yield difference is the fact of a tougher comparison, you know fourth quarter last year with fourth quarter this year versus the other quarters to the previous quarter. But other than that one specific dynamic that would drive something that looks differently, there is nothing in particular that we’re concerned about, looking ahead, that’s different than we would be every year at this time of the year.
Arnold Donald: You know I would say most of the – that’s where increases are in the core markets, it’s in U.S. and Europe, very strong markets where people see opportunities to have to lead stronger and that’s where the requests are today and what we’ve factored into the guidance.
Arnold Donald: You know just another comment on that. Obviously we had some significant capacity increase for example in the Caribbean this year and I remember a number of the analysts were expressing consternation last year about that, and obviously we’ve done very, very well. I think the reality is that as long as we’re creating the demand to observe the capacity, then the industry can continue to do very well, we certainly plan to do well because we are going to create the demand, we are going to do magic capacity growth for our brands. And we are doing the things necessary through enhanced revenue management techniques using yield in our existing platforms that we already have or Carnival and Costa.
Arnold Donald: And then just to pile on a little bit, because we’re getting a lot of questions on the fourth quarter, I just want to emphasize you all that fourth quarter is ahead of a record fourth quarter last year and there is absolutely no loss of momentum.
Arnold Donald: Over the last 12 months, not so much. I would say the biggest change over the last 12 months, if you look at our earnings call today and compare it to earnings last year, is the double whammy of fuel and currency. Historically, it never moved together and for the past year or so. They have been moving together and often in a negative way. And so that’s a big thing to overcome – we overcome it operationally with performance. But that would be the one fundamental thing that I would say changed.
Arnold Donald: Yes, we’re not ready obviously to give guidance for 2018 yet. We were just given you guys early preliminary tone, which you shouldn’t read too much into, because it’s such a small percent of the business at this point that we have line of sight on. So we’re not ready to give any guidance, but all the things that you just mentioned are true, there’s a mix difference. We have to see what we actually do. We’re giving you a guidance for the fourth quarter. We have to see what we actually perform before we can begin to have line of sight on how we’re going to perform before we give some. But it is ahead at higher prices and that’s what we can see, but we’re not ready to give guidance in terms of percent.
Arnold Donald: We’ve been able to maintain the momentum that I had shared with you guys previously of targeting $75 million a year in cost savings. And as I’ve told you, some of that will go to bottom line and some we might reinvest to drive yield. And so right now, the brands have put forth some pretty convincing argument of additional revenue improvement by making investments, so we’re doing it. But we’ll be revealing that as we go. I wouldn’t consider it a pattern or projection for what we’re going to always do anything like that. But in this particular case with a specific proposals they presented with the evidence they put with it, it seems like a smart investment to make.
Arnold Donald: No, it would be absolute level. We were actually looking at investing more than we would have at the beginning of the year.
Arnold Donald: As you mentioned, there are several new cruise being added in China, where being constructed in Berlin, Shanghai, Sanya, Hainan Island. There are several others moving forward toward construction on the approval process. So there are quite a few ports being developed, which again reinforces the point we’ve been taking that over time, we expect China to be the largest cruise market in the world. We’ll obviously take advantage of those. We have to build the distribution. But as you know, China often builds in anticipation of demand coming. But we are obviously in discussion with all those ports about existing tonnage that we have in the country and possible new tonnage that we will bring in future years.
Arnold Donald: I think that’s a great point. There’s considerable opportunity not only in China, but throughout Southeast Asia, both as a source markets and clearly obviously, as destinations now that Chinese travelers are already traveling to and could choose to take advantage of a cruise option in those travels. So both from a sourcing standpoint, Malaysia, Vietnam, Thailand, but clearly, as destination opportunities for Chinese travelers. And so we have an overall strategic footprint in place and have strategic plans in place to take advantage of both, the fly cruise opportunity as well as sourcing more from those regions.
Arnold Donald: As you know, we’re excited about it. It’s going to launch in November. The first ship experience for the public will be then. Progress has been very exciting with it. Our – one of fun things for me to see is how excited our crew is because the technology for us, as you know, Peter, is about enhancing the hospitality experience and it’s about enhancing our crew’s ability to deliver to the guest what they want, when they want, how they want it and exactly when they want it. And so, we’re very excited about that. In terms of the impact for us, we’ll have to see. We think there’s all kinds of opportunities, onboard revenue opportunities, ticket pricing opportunities. There is lot of excitement. But it’s brand-new, it’s brand-new technology and systems and we have to leave it out, but we’re very excited.
Arnold Donald: Well, the reality is, as you know, we consider our competition land-based vacations, and not the other cruise coming back because we think we’re so much better than them or anything. It’s just because if you add up all the cruise companies to get all the cabins, it’s less than 2% of the hotel rooms, and that’s why we feel, we’re underpenetrated at every market in the world. And so there’s great opportunity for cruise for ourselves as well as the other cruise. So land-based vacation is really the challenge. We think we already have a great value and experience offering compared to land-based vacations and we think Ocean will just take that up on a whole another level, but we’ll see.
Arnold Donald: Excellent. Thank you all very much. We greatly appreciate your interest. We look forward to meeting with you on the earnings call in the next time and seeing you in between. So everybody, be safe and good luck on draft day. Hopefully, your team will get the player you want. Have fun. Take care.
Beth Roberts: Caribbean for 2018 versus 2017 for us is up 4% to 5%, and Europe market is up 3% globally, Alaska is up 7% to 8%, in total we’re up 2.5%, so we are seeing capacity reductions in Australia and certainly in China.
Beth Roberts: And the booking currency are at the high end of historical range, and we’ve got good booking momentum and we feel very good about the business.
Beth Roberts: And keep in mind, we do round everything to the nearest half a point. So it’s not necessarily a full 50 basis points.
