Josh Weinstein: Got it. So, with respect to 2024, the book position get record levels at strong price. What we're going to do is, we're going to give you some more color on that when we get into our next quarter and we'll talk more in-depth about 2024 overall in the first half. But suffice it to say, the brands are doing a very good job at getting ahead and doing it at pricing that we're happy with and still a long way to go for 2024, and a lot to play for. So, we're very pleased with the progress that we've been making while still ratcheting down on the occupancy as we've talked about over the course of every quarter this year. So, the trajectory is very, very good. With respect to the three year targets, it's probably on the low end of what you're talking about for occupancy and we expect to make up, you know it's probably sub-seven points at this point, but pretty close around there. We're probably going to make probably – I expect to make all of that up in 2024 as we get back to a normalized operations. On top of that, we're looking at low-to-mid single-digits with respect to price increases as we get from [2024, 2025, 2026] [ph], and that type of profile we've got experience with, as we look back over the period from 2015 to 2019, so we feel real good about our ability to be able to make those types of steps over time.
Josh Weinstein: Well, I don't know if I'm talking to you anymore, Steve. Putting that aside, nice to hear from you. We – basically, we'd expect to be getting back to the norm, which is low-single-digit cost increases. So, we expect a nice differential between what we'd be expecting on the yield side and what we'd be expecting on the cost side. There is, as we think about the ins and outs, there's good news with the occupancy, but it does come with a little bit of bad news, which is that type of step-up in occupancy will have a bit of a cost drag, which we're very happy to take. We're still going to be thinking through our advertising planning as it gets to 2024 and beyond. And as you've heard us talk about before, that's been very successful. And so, we'll come to more concrete plans as we get into the fall for the following year. And so, there are some particular things as we think about our trajectory. But overall, you can expect that I would expect a difference between those growth rates.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. So, with respect to the comments about looking at the fourth quarter advertising spend and maybe taking it up for 2024, there's two things. There's getting the occupancy and getting it at a price that we want to get it at. And we do think that the advertising spend and the way we've been doing it has been effective not just on getting the volume, but getting it to a place where we can take the price up to where we want to get it to. And so, we will continue to look at that to see where we can get to, to be honest with you. So, I wouldn't look at advertising as a one and done. We've somehow gotten back to something. We want to maximize. We want to optimize. And so, we're going to keep doing – sorry, there’s some sirens in the background here. So, we'll keep thinking that through and ratcheting up or ratcheting back depending on its effectiveness.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. We are pretty confident that will be ratcheting down nicely and we should get the majority of that back in – off of that line item and into our cash, the majority by the end of next year and the rest of it in the following year. So, we're making good progress.
Josh Weinstein: Very good morning, Fred. No, there is no assumption in these numbers that we return to China. As you know, Costa was our brand, that was our China platform and through our efforts at portfolio management we were able to take the tonnage and move them to Carnival Cruise Line, which has gone fantastic, as a matter of fact, Carnival fun Italian style met our expectations and frankly exceeded them with respect to how it was embraced by the Carnival Guests so far. And so, frankly speaking, our assets are in a good place and they're yielding more than they would, had we stayed the course, I believe. So, we're very excited about China opening up for international travel with cruise companies, and we think that's a great thing for the industry, but the fact is, we're going to be probably on the sidelines of that for a few years because our assets are right where we want them to be. And we can always relook at that. Obviously, our assets are mobile and we'll do that, but we feel real good.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. So, you heard me in my prepared remarks, and I was talking about the fact that over this record second quarter that we had in bookings, Europe was right there alongside North America. And the really encouraging thing about that in our European brands profile this last quarter, on the booking side, double digits in both volume and price versus 2019, specifically for the European itineraries, which by the way, for our European brands is the vast majority of their deployments. You're talking more or less in the second half of the year. It's probably about 90% give or take. And so our strategy of having our ships deployed with really strong brands, the strongest we've got in Europe. The number 1 brand in Germany, the number 1 brand in the UK, number 1 or 2 in Italy, in France, and Spain. Doing that and catering to those markets specifically is really starting to bear fruit. And so, the trajectory is fantastic. And when you think about the improvement that our European brands made, you think about the first quarter versus the second quarter, how were they comparing against 2019 in the first quarter and how were they comparing against 2019 in the second quarter with respect to their yields? We saw a 10-point improvement in the comparison for our European brands. Our North American brands improved too, but much less than 10%. And that's not a bad thing for our North American brands. They just have been improving like wildfire over the last several quarters. And as we said, the European brands they're catching up. They're catching up and it's great to see that they've really started to pull everything forward.
Josh Weinstein: Yes, good morning. It's really a brand by brand question, right, because there are different dynamics for each brand about, A, where are they in the booking curve. What does their capacity increase look like over the next 18 months? What source markets are they in? What's the state of those source markets. So, it's really hard to give you a holistic answer other than to say holistically, all of our brands. Their goal is obviously what's going to generate the most revenue when the ship leaves, right? That's it. And as we've been not only getting back to a normalized booking pattern, we've also been putting things out for sale even more to give our guests actually what they're demanding. So, I'd say the best answer I can give you is that each is very, very diligent in thinking about how to optimize for the variables that they have got. It's been very encouraging to see how far we can push it out. I would say there is a point where we'll stop. It's just not worth into your statement about leaving it on the table. It's – that's part of the equation. So, might not be a satisfactory answer for you, but it's because it's complicated and there are a lot of factors to consider.
Josh Weinstein: Yes, sure. I think that there are purposes of how you organize the corporation with operating units and ideally with an operating unit you're doing it because you're going to get scale within that operating unit. And if you're not getting the appropriate level of scale, then you're taking away from the nimbleness and agility and the ability for brands to move quickly to take advantage of opportunities. And so, we – I looked around and basically by being able to deconsolidate a couple of operating units and give them more nimbleness and flexibility and have a direct line of reporting directly into me, it speeds up the whole process and it lets us act much quicker and much more I would say purposefully for the brand's needs. At the same time, we did – it's not just about giving the brand's autonomy and nimbleness. We also pulled a few things up to the corporate level to support brands more holistically. So, effectively, in deconsolidating, we've benefited both scale on the corporate side and nimbleness for particular brands. And as a result, as you heard in my notes, I've now got it's actually 93% of the capacity that effectively reports directly to [me through six] [ph] of our Presidents who lead that specific brand. And finally, by having our 7% of capacities, which are great brands, but small, they can piggyback on a bigger brand and it works very, very well. [Indiscernible] piggybacks on P&O Cruises in the UK, Seaborne piggybacks on Holland America, and P&O Australia can now do the same with Carnival Cruise Line, which are both full-year players in Australia.
Josh Weinstein: Well, it’s a tough question to answer since we're not giving you 2024 guidance yet. So, I'd say, if we think about pluses and minuses for 2024 and maybe we can start there. There's a lot of winds in our backs in 2024. The occupancy is going to be a big jump as I talked about on one of the earlier calls, which is going to be a nice pickup in yields on top of what we would expect to be that low-to-mid single-digit price improvement. The booking curve is in good shape. We're in the best book position in our history. All those commercial activities that I've talked about over the last several quarters are in full swing. The capacity that we have were about 5.5% capacity growth in 2024 versus 2023 and two-thirds of that goes to Carnival Cruise Line, which is, it's our highest returning brand, which we're very excited about. So, we feel good about the trajectory and what we should expect some nice pickup in 2024. Now, 2024 is not going to be without challenges. The Ukraine, we don't forecast that having a reversal such that we can get back to St. Petersburg and those really high yielding types of trades. We're not planning on China, as you've already heard me say. Question mark, hopefully, energy security concerns won't come back, but I don't have a crystal ball there. We do have more dry docks in 2024. So, there are pluses and minuses, frankly. There always are. We do feel good that we expect 2024 to be a nice step up versus where we are now because of the trajectory in getting back to normal and full and then pulling ahead. David, I'm not sure if there's anything you'd like to add with respect to …
Josh Weinstein: For rank, I wouldn't even begin to try. Look, we set out our targets about what we hope to meet and frankly, as you'd expect the CEO to say, I will strive to exceed showing a 50% growth in unit EBITDA, which does not take into account capacity benefit in the EBITDA number. Getting to the highest points in ROIC and EBITDA in what will be just about 20 years, I think that that's a good trajectory. And we'll do our best like I said to go well beyond. I would expect, I expect our margins to get back in-line with historical norms. So that's certainly part of it. I'll let you take another crack at asking it in a different way, but that's probably the best I'll give it to you.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. Thanks, Patrick. Somebody asked it earlier on the call. They were probably referring to it in a little bit of a different way, but we would expect the vast majority of that to be released back to us effectively by the end of 2024 with the rest by the end of 2025. So that's a trajectory that we expect. And to your point, yes, that's increased liquidity and cash and we'd be using that to continue our process of deleveraging.
Josh Weinstein: 25%. So, you're looking at our highest returning brand being a third of our business up from a quarter, which is certainly part of our strategy. At the same time, our focus is generating incremental and accelerated demand for all of our brands. And I think you see that in the booking numbers that we've been talking about, the pace at which we've really been coming back, every single quarter and we expect performance to continue. So, from a strategic perspective, it's letting the brands focus on their commercial operations, ensure they got the capability and the capacity to do everything that we expect and fill their ships with folks who are very willing to pay for the amazing experiences that they give. And I think that's starting to really shine through. We do have some wind in our backs as well with respect to our land based portfolio because Grand port is not currently in our portfolio, even though we've got an amazing footprint in an unparalleled footprint in the Caribbean, that alone will take our annual number of guests that we carry from about 5.5 million this year to 7.5 million and we expect that will be a very nice pick-up in our business.
Josh Weinstein: Sure. Well, obviously, based on what we've been telling you today, we don't see a slowdown, which is very good, especially because one of the benefits we have is, we are very well booked for the next 12 months and those bookings are sticky. So that is incredibly helpful to our outlook. Now, what I call it, I actually call it an outrageous and ridiculous value gap to land. And that is a double-edged sword in our favor, because if there is a slowdown and if hotels take their rates down a bit and airlines take their rates down a bit and resorts, whatever that might be, we are still outsized in our value. And as a result, if there is a recession, we stick out for the right reasons because of how far your holiday dollars can go. And on top of that, because of our home porting strategy with about 75% of our ship's position where our guests don't have to get on a flight should they choose not to, that sets us up very, very well for people who are trying to figure out how to stretch their vacation dollars. So, to be honest with you, our focus on base loading for 2024 and pulling ahead with all of those factors at our back, we feel quite good. And we probably said this in other calls. Every recession is different. This one happens to be one where there's record unemployment, people still wanting to purchase experiences, particularly travel, which bodes quite well for us. We've got time for one more question.
Josh Weinstein: Yes. Operator, we've got time for one more question, or I could just end the call. So, I think we've lost our operator. So, I'll do that. Thank you everybody for joining us today. And for those that we'll see tomorrow, I look forward to seeing you for the Investor Day. Thank you very much.
David Bernstein: Yes. So James, the cash balance should start coming down over time. You're trying to get into a level of precision that goes beyond our forecasting. Remember, it's not just debt and cash. Remember, there's customer deposits, other balance sheet items, but putting it all together, our liquidity at the end of the second quarter was $7.3 billion and we do expect to see that decline over time. Pre-pause we were targeting 2% to 2.5%, and as we rebuild our financial fortress, we will bring our level of liquidity down to that level. Keeping in mind that most of the time, a good portion of our liquidity will wind up to be the undrawn revolver. So, even if we have 4 billion of liquidity, it may only be 2 billion of cash or something like that. So, we do see the cash balance coming down, but the level of precision by year, by quarter is very difficult to project. But your math in all the numbers are – is good, and we're continuing and confident that we can work through and achieve those.
David Bernstein: The only thing I'll add to what you indicated, Josh is the fact that going into the call, if you looked at consensus, it was similar to our annual step-up towards that 6.7 billion of EBITDA that James had calculated. So, just take a look at that and you can see, but that was going into the call.
David Bernstein: At the end of Q2, you'll see when the Q is filed, it’s 2.2 billion. It has – since customer deposits went up, the reserve funds went up correspondingly.
