Howard Frank: Good morning, everyone. This is Howard Frank. With me this morning is Micky Arison, our Chairman and CEO; Beth Roberts, our Vice President of Investor Relations; and David Bernstein, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We're going to continue our normal presentation this morning, and I'm going to have David take you through the first quarter color and some details.
Howard Frank: I mean, we pulled out of just all North African stops, in Tunisia and Morocco and Egypt, and we've pulled out of -- actually, in some cases, we've had to pull out of Israel because we got a lot of resistance. We haven't done it in all cases. But people are just concerned about going to that part of the world, and we've kind of -- I don't know all the details, over 280 different cruises that were redone, but a lot of the calls are now calls going into that part of the Eastern Mediterranean, but they're going to ports in Turkey and perhaps Cyprus and the Greek islands and things along those lines.
Howard Frank: Well, obviously, we've had a good deal of discussions internally about it, and what we decided to do is take another fresh look at hedging strategies and whether we really think it makes sense for the business on a long-term basis. With the significant hit we're taking for 2011, we thought it incumbent upon us to take another look at it. As you know, in the past, we've stated that we don't think it has any real long-term benefit to the business. There's a cost associated with doing an accounting hedge type of program of some consequence. The cost, we'd like to avoid. Nonetheless, we've kind of huddled and just said, okay, let's take another look at it again, just to see how things -- whether our views have changed and whether there are other factors which would suggest that we should change our view.
Howard Frank: Yes, we're starting that now. Right after this earnings call. No, we've had the discussion. We're doing -- it takes quite a bit of work, so we've asked our treasury department to go ahead and start to gather data and look at empirical evidence and forward-looking fuel curves and see whether anything makes sense for us.
Howard Frank: Yes. On the EAA cruises, a lot of those itineraries get -- are either one, in some cases, maybe two calls, in Mediterranean ports and then they go further south to North African ports. We haven't been able to -- there's so much noise in the booking patterns for these brands right now for their Mediterranean and Eastern Mediterranean cruises. And we haven't dissected the information in a way that -- what didn't call there, what did call there, and how are the bookings for those particular itineraries that didn't call there? We really haven't done that work, but our view is that a large part of what we're seeing is relating to that kind of noise. I also think, and I can't speak for the European consumer, but places like Libya and Egypt and Tunisia are a lot closer to Southern Europe, and I think, perhaps in the minds of Europeans, that there may be some caution in what they're doing. But I don't think there's very much of that, but I think there may be something entering. But we haven't really done the work to know, to be honest with you.
Howard Frank: No, not really. Demand in North America has been pretty solid since wave season, both for European cruises, Alaska cruises and other kinds of itineraries. So demand seems to be pretty solid. I would say, if you look at it from premium brands versus contemporary brands, we're seeing, I think, pretty good strength in those premium brands, where, for longer cruises, European programs, Alaska programs and for Caribbean programs, it's good. But I think that we'll see a lot of the yield improvement that we're expecting to come from those areas where we received good historical demand for those types of cruises from the North American market.
Howard Frank: Well, we do hear about the high ticket prices, but -- and it could be that the strong Alaska season is really quite strong. Maybe people saying, well, instead of going to Europe this summer, I'll go to Alaska because the air cost is lower. But really, we don't know that. All we know is European business is good. Now we'll be running behind in occupancies, but we've had this huge increase in capacity in Europe, and our competitors have had huge capacity increases. Our North American competitors have had huge increases in capacity in Europe. But the absolute numbers of bookings are quite good for Europe.
Howard Frank: Well, I think we're doing well in Northern Europe. I don't know that we know -- it's hard to know why. We don't do any polling on it and know what our customers are thinking. But we know they're booking -- it is booking well.
Howard Frank: Yes, it's been going on for a while. On the Caribbean side, I mean, typically, there is a lot less Caribbean capacity in the summer. And we have a little bit less, so -- I mean, I think that the Caribbean pricing is holding up a lot better.
Howard Frank: This information that we pulled together here in Miami results from 10 different companies giving us their estimates of what their costs are going to be and, invariably, sometimes there are variances in terms of how it actually turns out in the past, and sometimes it's conservative. They tend to be, if anything, more on the conservative side and making sure they've covered their costs, so we'll see what happens.
Howard Frank: I fully understand. It can get a little bit confusing. Now what's happened -- what I did say about the second quarter is that we had expectations that yields would be higher for our EAA brands, and that has been impacted by these disruptions in itineraries in the second quarter. We had to actually move some ships out of Egypt that were two ships actually home [ph] doing turnarounds in Egypt, and we had to move them out to different itineraries. And that disruption caused some deterioration in yield for the second quarter. Maybe one point of yield for the company. One point of yield, so we're arranging -- we probably would've forecasted, without these disruptions, about a point higher than the 2% midpoint that you're seeing.
Howard Frank: Rachael, let me just say this. We do the best job we can in trying to forecast. But it is not an exact science, and it is subject to the vagaries of the marketplace and what can happen around the world. So when we give you guidance, it is really our best estimate based on what our brands tell us and how we see it, as we look at the numbers here in Miami, to make sure that we give guidance that we think is reasonable and what we normally are able to achieve. But it could be -- yes, can it be wrong? Sure.
Howard Frank: Yes. I think I mentioned that in North America, I think the strength in the pricing seems to be more for the premium brands, less so, although improved pricing, for the contemporary brands and the contemporary products. So it looks like the higher-end consumer appears to be driving a lot of the strength from a pricing standpoint today.
Howard Frank: This is Howard. We expect a strong yield improvement in -- based on everything we see right now, and what I commented on is that we still have a way to go in the booking pattern. It's still early in the booking pattern, but the pricing is strong for both North America and Europe right now for the fourth quarter. And probably we're hopeful of seeing similar yield improvement in the fourth quarter. That's really it. Even with these early patterns, I mean, even if you look out beyond 2011, and we have really early booking data and not all cruises are being sold and it's more long cruises and so on, if you look at Q1 2012, the booking data is encouraging as well from a pricing standpoint.
Howard Frank: Tim, we have no information on that, honestly. It's just we get it weekly at the end of the weekend.
Howard Frank: Okay, great, Todd. Thank you all for calling in. And Beth is around, and she's looking forward to getting calls from those who have an interest in talking to her and getting more information than what we may have imparted to you on this call. Have a great day, everybody. Goodbye.
David Bernstein: Thank you, Howard. Before I begin, please note that some of the remarks on this conference call will be forward-looking. I will refer you to the cautionary statements in today's press release. Also all of my references to revenue and cost will be in local currency unless otherwise noted, as this is a much better indicator of business trend.  For the first quarter, our earnings per share were $0.19. The first quarter came in at the high end of our December guidance, which was $0.15 to $0.19 per share. The $0.02 per share improvement versus the midpoint of our December guidance was driven primarily by $0.04 of favorability in a variety of cost areas, partially offset by higher-than-expected fuel prices which cost an additional $0.02.  Now let's look at our first quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 5% for the first quarter, with substantially all of the increase coming from our European, Australian and Asian brands, or as we call them, our EAA brands. Our EAA brands grew 11% while our North American brands grew 2%.  Our net revenue yields increased 2% in the first quarter, driven by a net ticket yield increase of 3%. Our EAA brands were up 9% as a result of yield improvements in South America. The South American market has rebounded nicely from last year's challenging season, which was impacted by significant increases in industry capacity.  Our North American brands were down 1%, driven by lower yields in the Caribbean due to higher industry capacity, which we discussed on the last conference call, and is limited to winter deployment. In net onboard and other yields, we experienced a 1% decline. The decrease resulted from favorable items we recognized in the first quarter of last year related to minimum guarantee payments for calendar year 2009 and a litigation settlement. We mentioned these items during the first quarter conference call last year. If we normalize the prior year for these items, net onboard and other yields for the first quarter would have been up 3%.  On the cost side, net cruise costs, excluding fuel, per available lower berth day were up 3% versus the prior year. However, if you exclude the gain on the sale of P&O Cruises' Artemis, which reduced net cruise costs last year by $44 million, the net cruise costs, excluding fuel, per ALBD would have been in line with the prior year. Fuel prices this quarter were up 9%, and that cost us about $0.05 per share.  In summary, we were pleased with the first quarter EPS of $0.19, which is up from last year's adjusted EPS of $0.12 before the favorable impact of $0.10 of unusual items.  Now turning to our 2011 outlook. I will skip -- the full year outlook. I'll skip the net revenue yields, as Howard will discuss that shortly. On the cost side, for the full year, net cruise costs, excluding fuel, per ALBD are forecasted to be flat to up 1%. This guidance is about 0.5 percentage point higher than we forecasted in December. We're seeing some more inflationary pressures than we thought in crew travel, food cost, freight and other areas. Most of these items are simply a function of rising fuel and commodity prices. However, our current guidance for interest expense, taxes and depreciation is lower, which balances out the additional inflationary pressures.  One final note. I wanted to share with you our current rules of thumb about the impact that current fuel prices and currency can have on our results. To start with, a 10% change in the price of fuel for the remaining three quarters of 2011 represents a $0.22 per share impact. With respect to FX movement, a 10% change in all currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, also for the remaining three quarters of 2011, would also impact our P&L by $0.22 per share.  At this point, I will turn the call back to Howard.
David Bernstein: Yes, well, you're right. We do anticipate good cash flows over the next couple of years. For 2011, we expect to have free cash flow of about $1 billion. And given that we raised the dividend in January, the dividend in this year would be $700 million. So there isn't that much significant extra cash flow this year. Only $300 million. And going forward in '12 and beyond, as we said before, it is a board decision. And as we move forward, we will discuss that with the board, whether it be share buybacks, more dividends or anything else.
David Bernstein: Sure. So this is, again, versus our December guidance and -- for instance, in D&A, some of the brands were a little bit aggressive about when they would put some of those maintenance CapEx items into service. And so we saw some favorability in the first quarter, and we reevaluated that, and we flowed that through for the year. It's just the timing of when things go into service. As far as the interest expense is concerned, again, we saw favorability in the first quarter, and we flowed that and some more through the year. For things like -- we went back to a few banks. We asked them to lower the interest rate on some of our loans because, quite honestly, margins have come in over the last year or so. We're using the CP market more aggressively, which is cheaper than our revolver. And so we took that in. And we also reevaluated our income taxes. We had a pretty substantial increase in our income tax expense from 2010 to 2011 in our December guidance. And now that we've got a little bit more experience during the first quarter and have a better picture of the year, we just evaluated that. We took it down, but we still are up versus the prior year in terms of income taxes. So all of that, as I said before, kind of offset some of the inflationary pressures in cruise costs.
David Bernstein: Yes. When you take a look overall at the cost structure, we talked about costs being flat to up 1% for the year. But keep in mind that it does vary by quarter. There are seasonality differences. Advertising is a great example of seasonality differences. And one of the reasons why the second quarter is a bit higher is because they're projecting perhaps some more advertising expense over and above last year. And there are other things in repair and maintenance and drydock and crew travel which do have an impact by quarter. So we were flat for the first quarter on a normalized basis. As Howard indicated, we're up 2% to 3% for the second quarter. We were expecting the third quarter to be up and the fourth quarter to be down, and that's how we got flat to up 1% for the year. Again, there's lots of seasonalized differences between the quarters.
David Bernstein: It's also a little bit of an apples-and-oranges comparison, because the one benefit that we had in the first quarter that was substantial, that I talked about, was the South American market for our EAA brands, which was up quite a bit. So it's hard to compare. We went from -- it looks flat, but as Howard said, we would have been up in the second quarter.
David Bernstein: The thing is you mentioned the one point in the second quarter. The Middle East and North Africa also was probably about a half a point in the third quarter. When you really average it out, I know it turns out to be a half a point for the year, because when Beth puts together the press release, she rounds everything to the nearest half a point, but it's really more of a third of a point for the full year. And so it just rounds to...
David Bernstein: That comes in the Qs and Ks. So next week when we file our 10-Q, you'll see the segment information in the footnotes.
David Bernstein: Yes. I mean, in general, onboard spend is up across the board in all the brands. There really hasn't been significant changes in the different marketplaces. By category, most of the categories are up. We're still struggling a little bit in the casino and art, which is something we talked about over the last couple of years. But all the brands are up, and I don't -- there aren't any discernible differences by brand or by region.
Micky Arison: The U.K. policy has been put together by the U.K. brands to compensate for the heavy rebating that had become institutionalized in the U.K., and the belief was with lower pricing by the brands and the lower commission level, they could turn the tide of the rebating. It's something that, I think, is not an issue in the U.S. the way it used to be and has been dealt with in the U.S. in different ways. So I think you have to look at the U.K. as a unique market where the brands felt that they had to get control of their pricing and took this kind of action. I think in the long run, they believe, and I think the major retail travel agents that they've negotiated and talked to believe, that this will be in the best interest of everybody. But you shouldn't look beyond the U.K. It's not a model that we'll be looking at anywhere else
Micky Arison: What Howard just said was primarily the European brands, primarily Costa and Iberocruceros. The reaction of the North American brands has been more muted, and they have a lot less calls in those countries as well. Canceling Tunisia was a relatively small change in the itineraries, but canceling -- obviously, canceling Egypt and some other areas near Egypt created total itinerary changes, again, primarily for Costa and Iberocruceros. This really didn't affect North America anywhere near as much as it affected Europe.
Micky Arison: I think on the changes for the Middle East itineraries, I think there's too much noise right now for us to tell. Obviously, as itineraries change, passengers decide whether they want to go on the new itinerary or not or want to change their mind and go on a different itinerary. And so there's a lot of booking canceling going on, so it's very hard to really judge exactly the total impact. But we're hopeful that once -- now that all the itineraries are out there and people understand it, that, that will settle down and we'll go back to a normal booking pattern. As far as pricing for the summer, yes. I think because we've been able to achieve higher prices, we have been holding out for those higher prices, and that's why you're seeing a little bit lower occupancies to compensate for those higher prices. But that's versus last year. We obviously filled last year, and the feeling is that we can hold out for the prices and still fill this year.
Micky Arison: I will add that this is not the first review. We've done this many times, and you know the conclusions that we came to. So I wouldn't prejudge what conclusions we will come to again. But you shouldn't take for granted that we haven't done this many times.
Micky Arison: And decline to occupancy is modest compared to increase in capacity, so we're still very bullish on this summer in both Europe and Alaska.
Micky Arison: First, your comments on Alaska. Alaska has been strong already for a while for this year, prior. I think I could say bookings were strong well before the issues in the Middle East came up. So while the situation -- uncertainty in the Middle East could, in effect, help Alaska, I think the trend was in place well before, so I don't -- it's not one created the issue for the other. I think Alaska, based on the agreements we reached with the governor last year, lower head taxes and much higher marketing spend by the state of Alaska has really helped. Plus, obviously, capacity's down versus the peak. So the combination of those things, I think, really helped Alaska. So Northern Europe, I don't know. I think we're doing well, but I don't think it's any different than the rest of Europe.
Micky Arison: The problem with answering the question is that what happens when you change 200 itineraries is you have a lot of people changing that. I'm referring to primarily Costa and Ibero, so you don't think this is a global issue. You get a lot of churn. So you get a lot more bookings, but they're coming off people who'll change their mind and cancel one itinerary to get on another itinerary. So it creates a difficult -- until it settles down, it's difficult to gauge what's going on. I can say this much is, historically, we’ve found that Europeans believe their vacations are very important to them. And if they have chosen to take a cruise to the Holy Land and have now canceled because of these issues, we believe that eventually, they’ll get rebooked on Costa and Iberocruceros if they're from places like Italy, France and Spain because these people will take their vacation. So right now, there's a lot of churn going on. It's difficult to tell exactly what the bottom line effect -- we tried to estimate it. We estimated it at $44 million, we'll see. But for the next few weeks -- because these itineraries changes only were announced...
Micky Arison: That's why I tried to -- Ibero and Costa, with heavy emphasis on Northern Africa and Middle East itineraries. Even AIDA and U.K. and North America that had those in the itineraries don't seem to be anywhere near its impact.
Micky Arison: And I think -- and David has said this many times, is costs really can't be judged on a quarter-to-quarter basis. It really, because of timing differences and other things, you really have to look at it in a longer term, and annual basis is clearly better than quarter-to-quarter.
Micky Arison: I don't think we can give you that. I think our position right now in North America is basically the same as the statements we've put out in the past. It's something that we always are looking at. But as of right now, we don't feel it appropriate.
Micky Arison: First of all, you have to realize that a substantial amount of the business is already on the books at higher prices. So that gives us a great deal of comfort.
Micky Arison: Came down half a point primarily because of the Middle East -- entirely because of the Middle East. I should say also there's been some itinerary changes relating to Japan that we've tried to include in our numbers as well, but they were really small.
Micky Arison: I think we've responded to that. Booking pattern is as we anticipated it a quarter ago. I mean, basically, the only adjustment we've made in yield is for the Middle East situation. So I would say it was more predictable than almost ever. We're basically exactly where we were three months ago as far as booking pattern. The expectation was for a good wave, and that's what we got. And so we continue to be very bullish about the third quarter and beyond.
Micky Arison: We price to maximize revenue and maximize profitability and not based on the price of fuel on any given day. So while obviously fuel is an issue, we have to price based on demand. And that's what we do, and we try to maximize yields. To go back to the prior question, Caribbean pricing is strong in the fourth quarter.
Micky Arison: The laws and regulation in every country is different. Our brands individually make decisions based on geographical locations and based on the laws that are in those locations. As we've said, we have some brands in some countries doing fuel supplements. If we're not doing them, it's because the brand has decided either not to do them or they can't do them because of those laws or regulations. And rather than try to go country by country, just leave it at that. It's a very complicated set of issues. There's some countries where it's absolutely illegal. Some countries, it depends on the price at a given time versus the typed price that's printed on the brochure, et cetera, et cetera. So I'll just leave it that we're doing whatever we can to maximize revenue wherever we can.
Micky Arison: Actually, our North American brands have very few calls in that area. They don't have the kind -- you have to remember, Costa had four ships based in the Middle East, two in Dubai and two in the Red Sea. So it was clear that they had a -- plus weekly commitment to itineraries to the Eastern Med, including the Holy Land and Egypt. So it was a far greater problem for them. These North American brands only have occasional calls in the area, and so the impact was relatively small and the itinerary changes relatively easy to accomplish.
Micky Arison: There are, but not year-over-year. Because, as we've said before, certain brands, certain geographies have far less onboard spend than others. But that's -- what David's saying is we're up across the board, but they are different by brand and demographic and...
