David Bernstein: Thank you, Howard. Before I begin, please note that some of our remarks on this conference call will be forward looking. I will refer you to the cautionary statements in today's press release. Also, all of my references to revenue and cost metrics will be in local currencies unless otherwise noted, as this is a much more useful measure of business trends. Our non-GAAP EPS for the first quarter was $0.08 per share. The first quarter came in $0.03 above the midpoint of our December guidance despite a $0.02 impact from voyage disruptions and related repair costs, which Howard will discuss later in his comments. The improvement was primarily driven by lower net cruise costs without fuel, worth $0.04 a share, as a result of the timing for certain expenses primarily between the first and second quarter. Now let's take a look at the first quarter operating results versus the prior year. Our capacity increased 3.9%. The North American brands were up 3.1%, while the Europe, Australia and Asia brands or, as we call them, our EAA brands, were up 5.1% driven by a 17% increase in AIDA. Our total net revenue yields in the first quarter declined 2.3% from last year's strong pre-Concordia yields that were up almost 3%. Now let's take a look at the 2 components of net revenue yields. Our net ticket yields declined 3.3%. Our EAA brands were down 5.8% driven by declines in European, South American itineraries that were partially offset by increases in Caribbean itineraries. The North American brands were down only 1.5%, with 2/3 of their capacity in the Caribbean during the first quarter. For net onboard and other yields, the increase was 1%, with increases in the North American brands that were partially offset by declines in the EAA brands, driven by Costa. On the cost side, net cruise costs per available lower berth day, excluding fuel, were down 3% versus the prior year. The decline was more than we expected in our December guidance. As I have said in the past, it's difficult to estimate the timing of many of the expenses by quarter. And therefore, the best measure of net cruise cost performance is on an annual basis. As a result of our ongoing efforts to reduce fuel usage, our consumption for ALBD declined almost 5% this quarter, consistent with our full year guidance. Something I don't often get to say, fuel prices this quarter were down over 4% versus the prior year, which saved us $0.03 per share. In summary, the first quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.06 higher than 2012 earnings of $0.02 per share. This was driven by lower net cruise costs, partially offset by lower net revenue yields. Now turning to our 2013 outlook. I will skip net revenue yields, as Howard will discuss that shortly. For the full year, net cruise costs, excluding fuel, per ALBD are forecasted to be up 2.5% to 3.5% versus the prior year. This is about 1 percentage point higher than our December guidance, driven by the voyage disruptions and related repair costs, as well as additional expenses related to certain vessel enhancements to the remainder of the fleet that Howard will expand upon. At this point, I will turn the call back over to Howard.
David Bernstein: Well, we've said a number of times in the past that, historically, our maintenance CapEx had been in the $400 million, $500 million range and that we were increasing it. It was up more recently, like $600-plus million. And all the forecasts we've been giving you have been $800-plus million. And we were trying to factor in all the refurbishments and all of the things that we need to do to keep the ships up to date, so...
David Bernstein: Yes, $800-plus million has been included in all future CapEx numbers that we've been giving you for probably the past year or so now.
David Bernstein: There might -- as Howard indicated, there might be some incremental that we might spend, but it should be manageable.
David Bernstein: Yes. As Micky's saying, we're clearly spending more. But it's hard to look as a percentage of revenue. Unfortunately, our yields are down since 2008. But overall, on a per berth basis, we recognize that the fleet has gotten a little bit older than it was 10 or 15 years ago, and we are spending more to properly maintain it. We don't have the details split between refurbishment and other types of maintenance. We -- these are very high-level numbers that we've worked with our various operating companies to put together. And each year, we put together very detailed plans, so...
David Bernstein: Yes. We don't -- we haven't -- we don't have the '14 and beyond schedule here. The dry dock days between '13 -- '12 and '13, I mean, our ships go into dry dock on a very routine basis on schedules, either twice every 5 years or once every 3 years. There's different rules we follow. So it's scheduled out, and we'll keep looking at that and taking into consideration the enhancements that Howard had indicated. We'll make changes as necessary. There may be a few additional changes this year, but we don't know for sure yet because, as Howard said, we're not done with the overall plans.
David Bernstein: And one -- and the $0.05 that Howard mentioned, the vessel enhancements, that -- we did our best to represent on a very preliminary basis what we think it could be for 2013. But it is very preliminary.
David Bernstein: Well, what we actually said is that we expected -- we still expect onboards to be up this year, just not as much as we had anticipated in the December guidance. We saw the onboards were only up 1% in the first quarter. And so as a result, we just took down the second, third and fourth quarter a little bit from previous guidance. But all the major categories are still expected to be up for the year, just not as much as we had previously anticipated.
David Bernstein: Yes, I think it's just a function of the yield guidance primarily. And given the uncertainty -- the economic uncertainty in Europe and all recent events, we thought the $0.30 range was appropriate.
David Bernstein: And we had anticipated the tough economic environment in December, but it's just turning out to be a little tougher than we had thought.
David Bernstein: I think it was probably Southern Europe, in general, was tougher than we thought. But I think overall, it was a bit tougher than we thought.
David Bernstein: Yes, the yields for the back half in total are within our guidance, are expected to be up. We are expecting to see both North America and EAA up, which -- but I will say that -- we have continued to say that EAA, without Costa, is a challenge because of the economic environment, and the EAA yields, without Costa, probably will be down a tad for the back half of the year.
David Bernstein: And as far as the $0.05 is concerned, it was simply our preliminary best guess of additional expense this year. We don't have the plan, as Howard mentioned, for the -- all of the ships. Once we have that, we'll have a much better idea what kind of P&L impact. But I think it's fair to say that the majority of what we expect to spend will be capital. And give us some time to put that together. And if we have something material, let's say, we will announce it once we get it.
David Bernstein: And your question on the emerging market sourcing. Basically, looking outside of North America and Western Europe, the emerging markets are about 14% of our guest source. And overall, we're very pleased and it's doing very well around the world, all of those markets.
David Bernstein: And let me just explain further. We made that statement, I think it was early March of last year. During that period, Costa was doing consumer studies to understand how people felt about the brand and cruising. Ultimately, I think it was right around the end of March where it appeared that sentiment was changing. And Costa did then change their strategy, came up with a price promotion approach. And starting, I think it was early April, and throughout the rest of the year. By the time we got to the fourth quarter, Costa had essentially filled their ships. So early on, we followed and we held price, as Micky said. But later on, we adapted to the environment, and we filled the ships at lower prices.
David Bernstein: Well, it's a preliminary number. And it tried to cover, I'll say, lost profit if we have to move a ship into dry dock early, as well as any R&M -- additional R&M expense associated with the dry dock. It's a very preliminary number. It could move up or down. And if it's materially different, we would let you guys know. But at this point, it's our best guess.
David Bernstein: We -- I don't have all that detail with me, but there's millions and millions of dollars spent on those types of things as we go through, whether it be capital, R&M, work done in dry dock. And part of our payroll is associated with that. There's audits of the ships, routine maintenance, et cetera, all associated with safety.
David Bernstein: Yes. Yes, the line you're looking at in the P&L, keep in mind it's not only commission but also transportation, which is primarily our air costs associated with our air-sea guests, as well as a few other things. We have continued to see a tickdown in our air-sea mix. And as a result of that, there's less air costs. Less guests are buying air from us overall. That affects the number. And the other thing that has affected the number, particularly in the last 3 quarters that you mentioned, has to do with the change that we had announced in the U.K. commission structure. So those were the -- for first quarter 2013, those were the 2 drivers that brought that number down.
David Bernstein: Yes. We don't forecast that because -- well, the way we look at it is we forecast on a net basis. So the yield guidance we gave you is the revenue net of the transportation and commission costs. And so we've looked at it at that level.
David Bernstein: It's pretty consistent. There aren't any great movements between gross and net yields as the way we describe them.
Howard S. Frank: I mean, I think sales and marketing, I don't think we're going to see a huge increment, any significant increment in sales and marketing that will not be usually absorbed in the numbers that we have already budgeted or forecasted for sales and marketing costs in what we gave you. I do think that there will be a price promotions, but -- that we are using as part of the marketing programs. And -- but that has been factored into the revenue yield forecast that we gave you. So we think we've got the expense side of the ledger covered fairly easily right now.
Howard S. Frank: But there will be some incremental capital expenditures as we make these enhancements to the -- whatever enhancements need to be made to the redundancy -- increased redundancy and for the expanded emergency generation power. I don't think we really have our arms around that number yet. That's what we're working on to get. And hopefully, in the next couple of weeks, we'll have a full plan with estimated costs to doing all this work. But I don't see it as being enormous, but it will be some amount of money. And it will be probably incurred in the next -- during the next 2 years, '13 and '14.
Howard S. Frank: I mean, much of the maintenance cost is period expensed, even in the dry docks, so we don't capitalize that. We only capitalize improvements that we make to the ship as part of a dry dock. I don't -- I think most of it is all these other items. But the maintenance work is an expense item.
Howard S. Frank: See, a lot of this additional work that we will carry out will depend on a number of factors that we don't necessarily have control of, including the availability of dry dock space in the various dry docks around the world and the logistics of, if equipment and -- needs to be made -- new equipment needs to be made, the manufacturer of that equipment as well as the installation of that equipment by the teams that do this sort of stuff. So -- and we still don't have a full story on that. So we'll -- as soon as we get it, we'll probably start -- we'll start to share that with people, and we don't have our arms around it yet.
Howard S. Frank: Actually, what I said is that we -- as soon as we get -- when we get to put the plan in -- the fleet-wide plan into effect, we'll have a better handle on what that amount is and know to what extent we've covered that in the $800 million.
Howard S. Frank: While I've got you on the call here, let me just say for future questions, can we limit it to 2? I know there are a lot of people out there that want to have questions, so let's limit the questions to 2. And at the end, if there are more questions, we can take them. People want to have third questions.
Howard S. Frank: I mean, I think, Tim, I prefer to have it all in front of me in a comprehensive way. I'll have a better sense of it. Our sense is that we're going to pull that together in the next couple of weeks, and I'd rather provide it when I know exactly what it's going to be. There are a number different ways also to make the modifications, and it really depends on how they select the modifications to be made on the ships that will determine the costs associated with it. So let's see what they come up with first. I don't want to jump ahead of it. I did mention that the Carnival ship that was affected, the Triumph, there are a number of ships like that in the fleet, and so that will probably be dealt with first. But there may be -- and -- but there may be some other lesser modifications that we may have to make in the rest of the fleet. We'll see how that goes.
Howard S. Frank: Well, in the U.K. and as well as in Germany, beginning last year, we started to see a fallback in bookings, so that the booking curves started to come closer in. We didn't move pricing all that much, thinking that the bookings would come in later that -- especially bookings that [indiscernible] the spring and summer, early fall. And that's -- and while the bookings have improved in those 2 countries, we're still seeing that. So -- and price -- pricing actions were taken in order to maintain some relative -- full occupancies on the ships. So that caused some of the dislocation. We still see that. But we are -- as I mentioned on the call on my comments, that more recently, we've seen a dramatic catch-up on bookings. Now whether we can catch up fully quickly enough is another question to maintain better pricing as we get closer to the departure -- ship's departure.
Howard S. Frank: Costa's bookings, which is -- primarily covers Italy, France, Germany and Spain, they were more -- their strategy was to get out ahead of this a little bit. And so their occupancies are, more or less, I think in line with the prior year and maybe starting to pull ahead, so that it -- there's a potential that they may be able to start to move pricing up. So they're in a little bit better shape relative to the -- from a booking curve standpoint, relative to the rest of the group. But we're also struggling, to be honest with you, with the uncertainties in Italy right now, which is their major -- most significant market. But the Costa brand, I must say, they haven't lost market share in Italy. They're doing -- they maintained it, maybe even increased market share this past year. So the business is getting back on track. We're very encouraged by what we see from the Costa organization. And certainly, we've seen a significant rise in perceptions about the brand in Italy and Europe, and so we're starting to see a recovery happen. Probably, we'd like to see the recovery happen faster in terms of pricing, and -- but we haven't, and that we'd have -- we will have pricing improvement this year, perhaps not as much as we originally thought, and that's one of the factors that took down some pricing for our European brand forecast on revenue yields for the remainder of the year.
Howard S. Frank: And Spain continues to be a challenge. But fortunately for us in Spain, we only have a -- we have a small Spanish cruise line, the Ibero, as you know. And actually, they're going to do better this year, we think, than they did last year. We've got -- so it is a small cruise line, and we're finding ways to source business from countries outside of Spain to help fill the ships. So with Michael Thamm there, he's changed around the sourcing strategies so that we're hopeful that, that will start to change around quickly, the Spanish side.
Howard S. Frank: I don't know what David's about to say, but I hesitate to get into a brand-by-brand discussion of yields. I mean, clearly, Costa, we see Costa as having a positive year-over-year yield improvement and the rest of the European brands having lower year-over-year improvement, lower year-over-year yields.
Howard S. Frank: I mean, to some degree, if we're -- well, we accelerate dry dock work in order to get work done more quickly. In a way, it's just moving expense a little bit earlier and saving on it later on, because it'll be the timing of the dry dock. A dry dock on a ship that we might otherwise do in 2015, if we move it up to 2013, because it works in terms of the availability of the dock and the equipment we need, we'll just -- we won't have to do that dry dock in 2015. We'll have already done it in -- so there's a little bit of a movement of expenses and the timing of expenses that's going to happen in the next couple of years. And I think to try to give you a sense as to what's going to carry over from year-to-year, very difficult right now, which it's all very preliminary.
Howard S. Frank: Well, the answer to the second question is yes, it does factor in all yields, positive and negative, for the brands. So yes, I mean, the revenue guidance has everything in it. In terms of costs going down in 2014, I think it's too early to say. I don't -- I think we -- as I mentioned before, we really need to get the plan in place to understand it better and the associated costs connected with the plan for all of the ship work we're going to be doing, and then we'll have a better sense as to when it's going to happen. But my guess is we're going to see costs like this occur because this work is going to be carried out mostly in 2013 and 2014. So I really don't see that aspect of our cost going down.
Howard S. Frank: Well, the -- we did see that what -- during the period of the incident itself and for a week or 2 thereafter, we saw a little bit of some of the other brands felt a little bit of a hiccup, I would call it, but not a major issue. And then it seems to have -- now things seem to be back on track. So then I hope that answers your question. But in terms of giving you specific guidance by brands, no, we're not prepared to do that. Thank you.
Howard S. Frank: Look, I think from the standpoint of marketing, they are making some modifications to their messaging and communications right now. I think the issue of safety and -- onboard the ships is more -- is less of a marketing issue, but it's more of a communications and public relations issue. And clearly, we've got advisors who are working with us on the -- on putting out the positive messages about the actions we're going to be taking to strengthen these areas of the ships and to improve -- further enhance safety and so on. And I think those messages will be going out from Carnival Cruise Lines over the next couple of months.
Howard S. Frank: The remarkable thing is the resiliency of this brand, so that when -- it is amazing. So even with all of this negative media coverage, it still booked a lot of business. And it will continue to book a lot of business. I think people understand the value of a Carnival vacation, the great vacations they have, and that these things occasionally will happen. And so as Micky said, our repeat passengers are still booking a lot of business. So we're okay. I mean, it wasn't a dramatic -- if we told you the number, it will be a whole lot less than you think it is. But we -- we're not -- I don't have the number and probably wouldn't tell you if I had it. It's not that dramatic. And on the other brands, it's a marginal -- we just felt it on a very marginal basis, as is I -- my guess is rest of the cruise industry did.
Howard S. Frank: Even on the Dream, the reports we're getting back is a lot people are just fine. It's just that -- they're just -- they're on the ship. They're in the port. All services are working. I think they're enjoying St. Maarten and will fly back today, tomorrow and the next day.
Howard S. Frank: I don't think so. I think that the consumer -- from a consumer standpoint, I think that they look at each brand as a brand. I don't think they connect the overall connection at the corporate level. So I'm sure there are some that do, but I think probably a very small percentage. But we haven't done any studies on it, to be honest with you.
Howard S. Frank: Yes, I haven't -- we haven't broken it down by quarter, Assia. I think that what I said is that the overall occupancies and pricing for the 9 months is really very consistent with what we're seeing quarter-by-quarter, especially for the third and fourth quarters. The second quarter, of course, occupancy has caught up significantly. But -- and -- but pricing is down a little bit in each of those quarters in Europe.
Howard S. Frank: Let me -- I don't think that -- I don't think we know -- I don't think I know how to answer that question. But I will say this, that in -- over the last -- we've taken a look at ship incidents that have received some relative media attention, let's say, over the last 10 years for our group of companies versus all other ships, all other cruise lines in the world fleet. And the relative percentage of incidents for our cruise lines is almost the same, was right on point with the relative percentage of incidents of -- on other cruise lines. So there really is no difference. Unfortunately, for us, the run the last year or so, or since the Concordia incident, it has been a little bit higher. But if you go back beyond that, it was considerably lower. And by the way, these are the same people that have been running the same ships all these years. The ships haven't changed. So it's just -- sadly, we've just been hit by a run here that has been very unfortunate. And hopefully, we'll get some reprieve from this going forward. I don't know if that answers your question, Jamie, right on point, but I don't have the data.
Howard S. Frank: James, let me -- this is Howard. Let me take the Asia strategy discussion that we have. We have added a -- Costa's added a second ship this spring to increase -- double the size of their ships in China or in Southeast Asia for the coming years. So that seems to be going quite well. The ships are profitable. The business is good. The pricing is good. And we're very encouraged. In addition, Princess has announced additional capacity to go into the Japanese part -- market. They have one ship going, that's starting to sail, I think, in late April in Japan, that -- and then -- for, I think, a 90-day period. That has done very well. So they're adding a -- they've announced the addition of a second ship to Japan the following year. And we continue to work on the Asia strategy, and it's likely that you'll see some continued increase in capacity in Asia for us in years beyond that. So we're very encouraged by what we see. We think it's a -- it seems to have rooted -- starting to take real roots. The message that cruising is a good vacation alternative for the Chinese and other Asians is coming across. We've spent a lot of time in the Asian markets and talking at different conferences and so on. We're getting a lot of support from all the Asian governments. They've all been supportive of us coming in. And not just us, our competitors as well. So we think it's a very viable end market for us in the future. I'm going to let David talk about the commission and transportation.
Howard S. Frank: Okay. Well, I think we can conclude the call right now. And I think if there any follow-on questions, Beth Roberts is around to handle them this afternoon. And thank you all for listening in. Apologies again for the short notice. We'll try to give you more notice for the next call. Thanks, everybody, and have a good day.
Micky M. Arison: And at this stage, we don't even know what work can be done in service versus what needs to be dry docked. I mean, it's just too early.
Micky M. Arison: What tends to happen during waves period is everybody is kind of on sale in some form or another to encourage sales during wave. And just like past years, all of our competitors have been on sale, as we have, so it's really hard to tell whether there's a response or not. I would say that we're encouraged that, based on the fact that when Carnival Cruise Line did put price promotions in effect, that the response was good. And I don't have yesterday's data but for the week, this week through Wednesday, Carnival Cruise Line booking levels were actually up 25% versus last year. Now that was in response to a promotion, but we're not anticipating that the promotions will be much deeper than they were last year.
Micky M. Arison: I think we did say on a prior call that because of the closer-in booking pattern in Europe, that was making forecasting European yields much more difficult.
Micky M. Arison: Clearly, the uncertainty is really -- isn't helping. With the situation with the government basically in a stalemate, that's not helping either.
Micky M. Arison: I think David said already that the $800 million is a top line number. We don't do the detailed analysis of that until we get through the budget cycle. So that is just a kind of over-the-top number.
Micky M. Arison: Yes, I think what's important to understand is that -- is the millions of people who come off the ship happy is our best marketing source. And Carnival Cruise Lines has millions, literally millions of people coming off the ships every year very, very happy. And 2/3 of the people are repeat passengers who understand how safe and how comfortable the product is, and we expect them to continue to book. And the last few weeks have been great examples of how strong Carnival Cruise Lines brand is. The repeat passengers, particularly, understand when a good promotion is put in place, and they jump on it and have a lot of confidence in the brand. And clearly, we saw that in the last 2 weeks. And hopefully, once the dust settles here, we'll see it again.
Micky M. Arison: I mean, it wasn't at all -- let me put it this way. It wasn't anything like we've had in the past, September 11 or other issues. We had nothing like that. It wasn't -- we didn't go negative, plus we didn't have lots of cancellations. Yes, okay. But we had a double-digit decline in bookings.
Micky M. Arison: Just to give you a sense, the Triumph event affected 3,000 passengers, unfortunately. The Dream event, which was a couple of hours of outages -- outage, it was really -- I mean, on the Dream, everything's been operating fine. We had one closed public room toilet that got a huge amount of publicity. But last night, we had -- we brought in Jon Secada to do a concert for the passengers on the Dream. So that was 3,000 passengers. The Dream was 4,000 passengers on a base of 4.4 million passengers that Carnival Cruise Line carries. And they come back 98%, 99% very happy. So that -- I mean, that's what's going to drive the strength of the brand.
Micky M. Arison: There was a few hours of power outages in port on Wednesday evening. But by midnight, everything was back to normal and has been back to normal ever since.
Micky M. Arison: Well, when we made that statement, based on the publicity and the situation in Italy, and obviously that was a very tragic event, it was the belief that we couldn't fill the Costa ships, particularly from Italy, at any price. And so there was no point in doing price promotion. Here, as I said, with a price stimulus that is not significantly different than last year, Carnival Cruise Lines' bookings last week for the first 3 days was up 25%. So it's a totally different set of circumstances.
Micky M. Arison: I mean, anecdotally, when I ask -- when people tell me they had a wonderful time and I ask them which ship they were on or what company, half the time they don't know.
Micky M. Arison: And simulators that we built and man [ph] in Holland and in Germany, the train crew on deck and engine, that's in our numbers as well. So -- and we don't...
